As one observer tweeted, "U.S. media have focused too much on the Islamic nature of the Gulen movement. Real concern is its shady dealings and improprieties."
Please be aware that Gulenists have created a large number of anonymously-operated damage control websites. They started to appear a few months after publication of Greg Toppo's article in USA Today (August 2010).
NOTE: I make every effort for the info on this site to be independently verifiable, so if you encounter a broken link, please let me know @ perimeterprimate@yahoo.com. Thanks.
Sharon Higgins writes about schools, neighborhoods, parents, society, class, education, children, crime, race, reality, and change.
“But charters have now become a stand-in for vouchers because they accomplish the same goal of getting the government out of public education and turning public dollars over to private control with minimal regulation and minimal oversight.”
3. What reporters covering charter schools need to know about miracle schools, vouchers and all that educational flim-flam (i.e. be skeptical and always follow the money).
4. As of May 2013, only eight states do not have a charter school law: Alabama, Kentucky, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, and West Virginia.
5. Balkanize: "to break up (as a region or group) into smaller and often hostile units" (Merriam-Webster dictionary)
7. "A system that allows school operators to donate to the officials that regulate them is pretty sorry." h/t "X"
8. Re the Gulen movement. Two important psychological principals of which to be aware: the Backfire Effect and the Black Swan Theory.
…The president of one influential charter group told the House Education and Labor Committee that the federal government had spent $2 billion since the mid-1990s to finance new charter schools but less than $2 million, about one-tenth of 1 percent, to ensure that they were held to high standards.
“It’s as if the federal government had spent billions for new highway construction, but nothing to put up guardrails along the sides of those highways,” said Greg Richmond, president of the National Association of Charter School Authorizers…
A leading school-choice supporter says the sweeping changes proposed by House Republicans would weaken oversight of charter schools severely and threaten to turn Ohio into a "laughingstock of the nation's charter-school programs.
"It's hard for me to say that," said Terry Ryan, vice president of Ohio programs and policy for the Thomas B. Fordham Institute, which sponsors seven charter schools in the state, including two in Columbus...
"The idea of regulating charter schools makes no sense because deregulation is the justification for the policy." -- Jim M., retired teacher
Perhaps it's finally dawning on some charter school supporters that the whole business is a huge can of worms.
Charters schools that are closed for fiscal problems and debt rarely repay their districts, also leaving vendors and staff members unpaid. Charter school funds that are misused or stolen are rarely recovered.*
Read more about unmentioned consequences at "When charters close, public schools foot the bill" (Voice of San Diego, December 4, 2007).
"New Jersey’s charter school law is alone in allowing the State’s Department of Education to authorize an unlimited number of new charter schools, regardless of the wishes of the host communities, while expecting those communities to pay for the operations of the charter schools out of their existing public school budgets." --- Julia Sass Rubin
With the systematic privatization of public education being conducted via the rapid expansion of charter schools, I regularly receive messages from teachers and parents who have charter school horror stories they want to share, and/or are in need of advice about a charter school situation in their community (e.g., "The charter school I attended has been closed. Do you know how I can get a copy of my transcript?). I also hear from journalists who are seeking information.
Just so you know, this site is a one-woman volunteer operation. Sorry folks, I'm DEFINITELY NOT union-sponsored.
Charter School Scandals (CSS) was launched on May 14, 2010 to provide the public with a source of independently collected information about U.S. charter schools.
For instance, compare what you learn from my entry for the 3,500 student CATO School of Reason to the information provided by the pro-charter Center for Education Reform in their compilation: "Closed Charter Schools by State: National Data 2009" (63 page pdf). In the CER's document, the closure reason is "Management" explained as "Inadequate record keeping, suspect relations with private and sectarian schools," but the true story is much bigger and dirtier than that.
CSS is a non-billionaire funded (and un-bought off!), non-union affiliated (!), one-person operation in the name of transparency and public service to our democracy. I post the information as quickly as I can, but have a massive backlog due to the sheer number of stories. Please check back periodically for new additions.
And as you scroll through these stories, be sure to keep a running tally of the estimated legal costs.
Under the radar of the American public, the Gulen movement has been quietly advancing its presence in the U.S. via the establishment of charter schools, "cultural centers", and "interfaith dialogue" centers. Politicians, reporters, academics, community leaders, and charter school families have been strategically targeted, influenced, and given gifts, as the Gulenists have steadily built up their political cover. But how many of these Americans have an understanding of the controversies which surround this secretive movement and its worldwide political ambitions? And how would the public respond to finding out that such a movement is opening more and more charter schools, supported by their tax dollars as part of the GM's primary global project, without being willing to admit the connection?
8. "Turkey's survival of the fittest: The Islamic anti-Darwinism movement in Turkey is being helped by an unlikely source - US Christian conservatives," 12 March 2008, ISN Security Watch)
10. "First Class Revolution: From Medina to Mecca" and "Fethullah Gulen's Missionary Charter Schools Coming under Increasing Scrutiny in the United States and around the World," 24 January 2011 & 26 February 2011, Kurdish Aspect
12. "Turkey's pivotal role in the international drug trade," July 1998, Le Monde diplomatique (more background info)
13. EXTRA CREDIT: Check out the animated Imperial History of the Middle East and this Middle East geography game.
Examine the nature of their U.S. activities, and you will see that the Gulen movement is addicted to propaganda. As an example of their tactics, read how Gulen's followers propelled him to the top of a poll in "How Gulen triumphed." Prospect, 7/26/2008.
“Gülen’s crushing win tells us little about what the world thinks about its intellectuals; it merely exhibits the organisational ability of one movement’s followers.”
"Private actors who simply take state services over by profiting off of taxpayer money are no different than the government, after all, they’re just for-profit government." -- E.D. Kain
If you are a concerned citizen with information about a yet-to-be-revealed charter school scandal, please consider writing to me at perimeterprimate@yahoo.com. Your name will be kept confidential.
• For Google - Enclose your search item in quotations, such as "John Doe." If searching for two connected items, use a + sign between them.
Why Not Religious Charter Schools? (Chester E. Finn Jr.), December 10, 2003, Education Week Commentary
"A few bad apples shouldn't sour the public on the promising charter school movement, but when a bad apple does turn up, critics of charter schools pounce on it. Charter opponents are quick to claim that "more than a few" schools have closed and even quicker to characterize the movement as one that invites unscrupulous, fly-by-night operators to set up shop.Those mean ol' charter opponents. Isn't it curious how the reformers don't have any problem at all with building up a few negative public school stories into an anti-public teacher-bashing movement of national proportions in order to destroy teacher unions and public schools as a whole?"
- In 2009, 83 percent of 145 Minnesota charter schools were found to have at least one financial irregularity in their audit.
- In February 2009, a New Mexico state audit found financial problems with 36 of the 44 charter schools in Albuquerque.
- Philadelphia City Controller Alan Butkovitz (April 2010): "The fact that there were significant issues at 13 out of 13 [schools] raises the likelihood you would see many of these same issues found in a much larger sampling of the schools.By May 2010, his probe had widened to 18 charter schools."
Charter school promoters live in an abstract world where it's perfectly fine to shutter a school when the "need" arises. This reveals a profound detachment and utter disregard for the emotional lives of the children and families who, as a result, end up being subjected to tremendous disruption, stress, termination of meaningful relationships, loss and grief. Kids need security and dependability.
A school going "out of business" takes a very different emotional toll on families and children than when their local gas station or Denny's restaurant does.
"It comes down to what ultimately is in the best public interest here -- supporting the growth of charters or not. Does that support ultimately weaken the rest of the school district? You bet it does." (Fred LeBrun, Albany, NY)
There is no doubt but that an increasing number of inspectors, auditors, investigators, prosecutors and court rooms (and a lot of time and money) will be needed as more state charter caps are lifted.
Part of the problem is that too many people running charter schools see them as their own little fiefdoms. After all the effort and money put into setting up their schools -- and with political leaders and the mainstream media shining their bright spotlights on charter schools -- the stakes are inordinately high for them to be able to show "success."
Another problem I've discovered by doing this research is that the unmonitored access to millions of public education dollars is drawing unscrupulous people into the "business." At other times, new-found access to funds is proving to be too tempting for some people who were perhaps less criminally-minded.
Additionally, I've now discovered that, in this era of high-stakes testing, the education security business is booming. As one company put it, "Cheating on tests isn't the exception anymore; it has almost become the rule."
From "Deregulation and Charter School Swindles" by Gary Clabaugh (Educational Horizons, Winter 2009):
Two main ideas inform the charter school movement. The first is that competition is an essential ingredient in school improvement. Charters are said to provide that.
The trouble with this argument is that competition doesn't select the best, only the most popular. McDonald's doesn't produce the best-tasting or most-nutritious food, for instance, but its heart attack specials certainly are popular. A second-rate school might prove similarly competitive if it provides a tawdry but reassuring education to the children of the low-information crowd. Fearful your kids will discover you are an ignoramus? Send them to Alpha Charter where they will never learn to doubt.
3. Damage to reputation or character caused by public disclosure of immoral or grossly improper behavior; disgrace.
This Web site is dedicated to Eli Broad, Bill Gates, the Walton family, Arne Duncan, Whitney Tilson, Joe Williams, Reed Hastings, Ted Mitchell, Jack O'Connell, Tom Vander Ark, George Miller, Joanne Weiss, Randy Ward, Arnold Swarzenegger, all Milton Friedman-lovers, and any other free-market, pro-school choice, minimally-regulate-what-goes-on-in-charter school supporters who are also proud self-stated "DISRUPTORS" of public school communities, who have almost never, EVER been part of a public school community or local neighborhood, or who rejected being part of any public school community or local neighborhood long, long ago -- but have ended up deciding to help tear apart the tapestry of basic local human connections anyway.
A variety of people have been looking at my blog, probably because of the great Gulen charter school information I've posted. This site is regularly visited by readers from Turkey. I get periodic visits from dhs.gov, doj.gov and ed.gov. I've had visits from house.gov and ed.gov, and at least one visit from someone at eop.gov (? Executive Office of the President). I've had a few visits from a couple of mystery IPs that are supposedly associated with the State Department, specifically the CIA. Hmmmmm...
Our teachers each bring a different "flavor" to the program. This allows the student to learn in different ways, styles and methods to ensure proper learning.
You learn not only how to teach yoga, but the history of yoga, how to assist a yoga class, pranayama, meditation and so much more!
Our Yoga Teacher Training Program isn't just for those who want to teach! If you're interested in deepening your knowledge of yoga and your own personal practice this trining os for you!
"The 3 of you changed my life. Madia gave me an awareness of my judgment, negative and positive thoughts that help me try and live the Yamas and Niyamas teachings. Heather forever changed me when she gave me non-attachment to a story, mine or others, awareness of my awareness to the outside and inside world, breath and let go. I am a self-thought, non studio yoga practitioner,and Sara gave me an understanding of the poses, proper alignment, showed me how to help others in their practice that changed MY yoga forever. Overall I am not the same person that walked in February thanks to your time, your dedication, and your passion." Gabby 2018
The five core principles inherent in the 200hr Yoga Teacher Training include: integrity, awareness, compassion, study of self and study of historical wisdom.
This Yoga Teacher Training is led by experienced yoga teachers: Madia Swicord, Sara Mingus and Heather Dendy who will prepare you to enter a studio classroom with confidence and compassion. You will be prepared to go into the community with these skills and self-knowledge.
Our curriculum is primarily designed to offer participants a broad education & platform that can lead to opportunities as a yoga instructor, private practitioner or mind/body professional.
We enthusiastically encourage any practicing yogis to attend this training to explore the depths of yoga from Asana to Pranayama to Svadhaya. If you do not plan to teach, this training will likely shift and transform your practice and life in ways that will challenge and delight you.
If your passion is to teach AND deepen your practice, we will offer a dimensional curriculum and help guide you on your personal yogic path of self-discovery. Some topics include: study of Ayurveda, yoga as medicine, modern yogic lifestyle and business of yoga, Yoga Psychology, Philosophy, and study of the Body/Mind relationship.
This is an Integrative Yoga Teacher Training ~ different modalities and styles are introduced and practice
Our goal is to offer an experience that exceeds our students’ expectations. We are proud to bring you an integrative curriculum that surpasses the standards for Yoga Alliance Registration.
Welcome to our school's Admission Center! Please use this form to apply for your admission to Chattanooga Yoga School. We need complete and detailed information about you, so make sure you fill out all fields. You will receive an email confirmation when we process your application.
Describe your current state of physical, psychological and spiritual health. Please include any injuries as well as medications. *
What was your first introduction to yoga? If this experience was at home or informal, describe the first studio yoga class you attended. *
Tell us about any formal yoga or other mind-body workshops/trainings that you have completed aside from regular group classes. Please include dates, style of instruction, location and name of instructor. *
Which part(s) of the curriculum most appeal to you? AND Which part(s) of the curriculum do you think will be most challenging? *
What is your current personal yoga practice including frequency? How does your practice inform your day to day experience of life? *
I agree to the following Release and Waiver of Liability. All participants in the 200 hour Bodha Yoga Teacher Training are required to digitally sign a release and waiver of liability in order to participate in the program. 1. I warrant that I am over 18 years of age, in good health, and have no physical or mental condition that would prevent me or render it inadvisable for me to participate in the yoga intensive and teacher’s training program. 2. In consideration of receiving permission to participate in this program, I, for myself and for my personal representatives, heirs and next of kin, hereby agree to release and discharge from any liability whatsoever, and waive any and all claims I may have against any person or entity involved with this program in any manner, including but not limited to the Chattanooga School for Conscious Living, Inc., Southern Soul Yoga, Inc., Bodha Yoga Teacher Training and each of their agents, employees, students and representatives, as a result of any injury or damage, including death, sustained by me or to my property while participating in this program, whether caused by the negligence of any of the above named parties or others, and whether foreseen or unforeseen. 3. I understand that not all yoga exercises or practices are suitable for everyone and that participation in the suggested exercises and practices may result in injury. With the knowledge that any of these exercises and practices can result in injury, I hereby expressly assume all risks associated with participation in this program, including the risk of injury or damage resulting from performing any of these exercises and practices. 4. I further agree to indemnify and hold harmless any of the above named parties from any claim by or against me arising out of my participation in this program, including all of their attorney’s fees and costs. 5. I understand that the instruction and advice presented in this program is not intended as a substitute for medical advice and counseling, and that one should consult a physician prior to the start of any new exercises or practices. I consent to and permit emergency treatment, medical or otherwise, in the event of injury or illness. I further release all persons associated with this program in any manner from any claim whatsoever on account of treatment or service rendered to me during this program. 6. I will conduct myself in a manner that is respectful to my teachers and fellow classmates. I acknowledge that any behavior deemed unacceptable (such as abusive language, sexual harassment or inappropriate physical contact) may result in my being asked to leave the teacher training program. I also understand that if I am asked to leave due to the reasons listed above, I am not entitled to be refunded any portion of my tuition. 7. I acknowledge that in order to apply and register for the teacher training program, I must submit a deposit of $350.00 toward my tuition. I understand that this deposit is NON-REFUNDABLE once my application has been accepted. I understand that my tuition is NON- REFUNDABLE after the first day of training.‎
Thank you for submitting your application to the Bodha Yoga TT. Please CLICK HERE to make the $350 deposit.
Your application will not be reviewed until your deposit has been received. If you are not accepted into the program, your deposit will be refunded immediately.
How it works! Our 300 Hour Training allows you to complete the training in YOUR time. We allow to take modules as you can and complete this program in as short as 2 years or a long as five! Once you have completed 270 Hours of in-house training and your 30 Practicum Hours you will receive your 300 Hour Yoga Teacher Training Certificate.
A completed 200 Hour Teacher Training Certification from Southern Soul Yoga OR any Yoga Alliance certified yoga training school
Once all above requirements have been met in full, student will send in a $50 Completion Fee to officially graduate from the program and receive a 300 Hour Yoga Alliance Certification.
What is your current personal yoga, pranayama and meditation practice including frequency and duration like? How does your practice inform your daily life? *
Please tell us about your 200-Hour certification. Include the name of the school and the training, date of graduation and duration of the program. Are you currently registered with Yoga Alliance? If yes, please let us know the name you are registered under or email us your diploma. *
Are you currently teaching yoga? If yes, please describe how long have you been teaching for, the frequency and number of classes per week you teach. *
What is your educational background? Please list any post-secondary schools attended, dates and any degrees or certificates you received. *
Describe your current state of physical, psychological and spiritual health. Please include any injuries as well as medications.
I agree to the following Release and Waiver of Liability. All participants in the Chattanooga Yoga School Yoga teacher training are required to digitally sign a release and waiver of liability in order to participate in the program. 1. I warrant that I am over 18 years of age, in good health, and have no physical or mental condition that would prevent me or render it inadvisable for me to participate in the yoga intensive and teacher’s training program. 2. In consideration of receiving permission to participate in this program, I, for myself and for my personal representatives, heirs and next of kin, hereby agree to release and discharge from any liability whatsoever, and waive any and all claims I may have against any person or entity involved with this program in any manner, including but not limited to the Chattanooga Yoga School, Inc., Sports Barn, Inc. and each of their agents, employees, students and representatives, as a result of any injury or damage, including death, sustained by me or to my property while participating in this program, whether caused by the negligence of any of the above named parties or others, and whether foreseen or unforeseen. 3. I understand that not all yoga exercises or practices are suitable for everyone and that participation in the suggested exercises and practices may result in injury. With the knowledge that any of these exercises and practices can result in injury, I hereby expressly assume all risks associated with participation in this program, including the risk of injury or damage resulting from performing any of these exercises and practices. 4. I further agree to indemnify and hold harmless any of the above named parties from any claim by or against me arising out of my participation in this program, including all of their attorney’s fees and costs. 5. I understand that the instruction and advice presented in this program is not intended as a substitute for medical advice and counseling, and that one should consult a physician prior to the start of any new exercises or practices. I consent to and permit emergency treatment, medical or otherwise, in the event of injury or illness. I further release all persons associated with this program in any manner from any claim whatsoever on account of treatment or service rendered to me during this program. 6. I will conduct myself in a manner that is respectful to my teachers and fellow classmates. I acknowledge that any behavior deemed unacceptable (such as abusive language, sexual harassment or inappropriate physical contact) may result in my being asked to leave the teacher training program. I also understand that if I am asked to leave due to the reasons listed above, I am not entitled to be refunded any portion of my tuition. 7. I acknowledge that in order to apply and register for the teacher training program, I must submit a deposit of $550.00 toward my tuition. I understand that this deposit is NON-REFUNDABLE once my application has been accepted. I understand that my tuition is NON- REFUNDABLE after the first day of training.‎
Thank you for submitting your application to the Chattanooga Yoga School. Please CLICK HERE to make the $550 deposit.
Madia loves exploring and encouraging the adventure of "the edge" of what awakens you. Guiding you inward towards an intuitive, deep yoga flow that challenges your physical and mental stamina balanced with nurturing spacious openings of your body/mind is the essence of what can be felt in all her classes and her private body/mind sessions.
Madia Swicord is Licensed Massage Therapist and has an extensive background in helping people with physical and emotional pain relief. Her passion is to assist someone on their journey to self discovery and awakening to more energy and joy via a variety of ancient and modern mind/body techniques. She has advanced training in Yoga Psychology and utilizes Hakomi Principles of “assisted self-study” that is threaded into her yoga classes and her private sessions. She is dedicated to sharing timeless wisdom techniques for mind-body health, deeper life fulfillment and emotional healing.
Working alongside Doctors in the fields of psychiatry and psychology for the past 7 years to support and assist with patients on their path to healing through trauma has been an incredible honor.
"Her understanding of anatomy, physiology and movement in combination with her skills as a caring therapist and teacher of Eastern disciplines has been highly effective. This has increased my sense of wellness and ability to know and respond to my body" Dr. John Gwin
“Madia is an experienced and compassionate yoga teacher and body worker who is intensely focused on healing bodies and minds with her refined knowledge of anatomy coupled with yoga psychology. Madia's dedication to her craft is evident to anyone who has ever met her.” Private client
She is a Graduate in the Professional Training of Hakomi Mindfulness Experiential Therapy in Asheville, NC. Hakomi is a body-centered psychotherapy that can be experienced as "assisted self-study".
"I love to incorporate and support a diversity of teaching tools to deepen your understanding of the powerful benefits of yoga. I look to offer a strong, supportive container to explore your process of finding your unique expression"
Outside the usual credentials, Jess Ewart is an inspirational and radical visionary. She challenges her clients and students to let go of societal conventions/expectations so they can reclaim their time (our most precious commodity) and expand their spirit. Jess encourages all conscious beings to look beyond "belief" into the deep-seated “knowing” that can unlock unlimited freedom and infinite potential.
Jess is an Ayurvedic Practitioner, Yoga Teacher, and Co-Founder of both the Aspen Yoga School (200RYS) and Chattanooga Yoga School (200RYS). She is a member of the Aspen Yoga Society and serves as Executive Director of the Aspen City of Wellbeing which is advised by Dr. Deepak Chopra. Jess was honored to be named one of the first Ahimsa Girls.
When she's not traveling, writing, or teaching, you will find Jess playing her most honored role in life as a hands-on mom and wife in the beautiful Roaring Fork Valley which is located high in the Rocky Mountains.
Sue Reynolds began her study of yoga in 1972, and took her first training to instruct in 1975 with Swami Vishnudevananda (The Complete Illustrated Book of Yoga) in the Shivananda tradition, and later continued further certification based on the Iyengar tradition. For the next several years Sue held some of the first yoga classes in and around Chattanooga until starting Chattanooga’s first yoga studio in 1999. After fifteen years as a studio owner and full time teacher, she is now teaching a weekly class at The Center for Mindful Living, taking yoga classes from time to time, and enjoying being a grandmother. “ I credit yoga practice for bringing me to this stage in my life in good health and with a positive outlook. It is gratifying to see the spread of yoga practice in our city, and so many people eager to learn.”
John is a native Chattanoogan and is a graduate of the McCallie School. He received his undergraduate education at Vanderbilt University and earned his M.D. at the Yale University School of Medicine. He completed residency training in general surgery at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and fellowship training in surgical oncology at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia. He has held faculty positions at Temple University School of Medicine and the University of Tennessee and currently practices general surgery and surgical oncology in Chattanooga. He also serves as the Medical Director of the Wound Healing Center at Memorial Hospital.
He began his yoga practice two years ago with Madia Swicord and has experienced its transformative effects from a physical, mental and spiritual standpoint. He has served as faculty at the Chattanooga Yoga School and has taught sessions on the Science of Yoga and Yoga as Medicine to yoga teacher trainees. Long interested in the combination of therapies to treat disease, he seeks to explore the scientific basis of yoga practice and the holistic integration of yoga with traditional medicine to enhance wellness.
Yoga allows us to connect through breath, music, sweat, and touch. The connection yoga gives us to ourselves and those around us is what has kept me on my mat for the past 20 years. For the past 15 years I've led yogis through challenging, grounding, sweaty flows, allowing and encouraging the opportunity to get out of our heads and into our hearts. I've practiced and trained with teachers such as Baron Baptiste and Jonny Kest, who have inspired me along my journey, which has included building a yoga studio and community. Now I enjoy time on and off my mat always teaching and inspiring my three-year-old son.
Stay updated on all the latest Chattanooga Yoga School happenings throughout the year by signing up.
“The stones of a river start out rough, but with the current continually bumping and polishing them, they end up being beautiful.”
With various online organizations, it is essential that you try in showcasing your item and utilize all the conceivable apparatuses that you can to publicize a business. Since a lot of individuals are getting snared via web-based networking media or person to person communication, an ever increasing number of organizations are considering this to be a chance to publicize their item. Some independent companies whether they have sites or search marketing agencies not, utilize internet based life for their business promoting and marking. Some offer their items in long range interpersonal communication locales while others promote their items or administrations in these systems. In any case, the web-based social networking market medium is the most recent computerized form of informal publicizing; for instance, organizations with Facebook pages depend on their devotees to “like” and prescribe their post, item, or offer to their web based life companions, partners seo consultant and never-in-their-life-met online partners.
Nearly the second the data superhighway was available to non military personnel activity, business substances were building roads to seo job their online customer facing facade properties. To help draw in different guests to their business tourism places, many depended on “tell a companion” or TAF, applications as the advanced strategy to verbal publicizing. While innovation appears to exceed expectations at an exponential rate in the computerized age, new advise a-companion strategies to local seo agency advance verbal publicizing to stay aware of this insane pace and be receptive to the consistently changing Internet market and wellsprings of movement prompting potential buyers – web based life sites have turned into the most recent battleground for shoppers and their associate controlled supports to induce others. As Social media is search marketing consultant a quick path for your business to pick up prevalence and believability, particularly if your business offers great administration or your item is viable and has high caliber. By utilizing online life, you are giving other individuals a chance to do the promoting for you. In the event that individuals are happy with your seo partner administration or item, odds are they will get the message out to their associates, family and companions, making internet based life the 21st century’s statement of mouth promoting market!
As it may be, online organic seo consultant networking has a wide degree. There are numerous informal organizations and they are subdivided into littler gatherings that are as per area, and gathering settings for online networks that exist inside numerous internet based life arrange gatherings. To have the capacity to utilize web based life systems further bolstering your business’ good fortune, there are three fundamental things that Houston SEO you ought to have; these are: item or administration, goal and learning plan.
This might be evident on the grounds that when you begin a business, you ought to have an item or administration to offer your clients or Houston SEO Agency customers. Be that as it may, when you get snared in web based life, you may disregard your business, that is the reason it is essential that you concentrate to your item or benefit and promote in the informal communities.
Having a target causes you in making a decent promoting technique. You need to Houston SEO Consultant set objectives and you ought to have the capacity to realize what you need your business to accomplish later on. You should know how the diverse interpersonal organizations work so you can utilize them as apparatuses in showcasing your item or administration. In doing as such, you can likewise design your following stage in advertising, enhancing and growing your business.
On the off chance that you are new to web based advertising, at that point you should find out about the methodologies and systems. You can’t promote your item or administration appropriately in the event that you don’t recognize what you’re doing. You should Houston SEO Company set aside some an opportunity to study and read books or locate some sound online locales that can help you in picking up information. You can likewise gain from the encounters of other individuals.
Online life can be an imperative apparatus in showcasing and publicizing your item or administration in the event that you realize what you’re doing and on the off chance that you do it right. Your business can develop on the off chance that you have enough learning, a great promoting plan and technique, and a large portion of all, on the off chance that you have a decent item that can contend in the market.
On the off chance that you have to perceive how you stack up against your opposition then a SEO Review by L5DG will ensure you know where you stand and how to push ahead with certainty.
This is part one of a three-part series ecd about America, it’s love of sport and the competitive spirit that makes America the splendid nation that it is. America has always been viewed as a land of magnificent opportunities, where our early ancestors in pursuit of the American Dream and the “Hope” that it inspired dared to explore new horizons and freedom of choice and action. To do this, immigrant Americans have endured enormous injustices, inhumanities, and severe hardships as they were woven into the grain of American life. Our forefathers had incredible courage, faith and confidence when it came to maintaining the right mental attitude in the midst automotive seo of such negative external forces. Most of these early immigrants had strong ambitions. They dared to dream and reach for higher horizons even though they knew used cars houston tx that they were living in the midst of a cutthroat, competitive society. They needed to find ways to outperform and outwit the locals. There was no time to waste on indecision’s like “Do we fight or flee, make excuses and blame, or give it our all?” They knew what they wanted and had an unwavering belief that they would eventually succeed, taking the plunge by moving forward with a burning desire to win or perish despite all outward setbacks and obstacles. The key factor for their survival was to win, and in order to win they needed to compete against others. They sacrificed and toiled unceasingly, making significant contributions to the economic strength of America. The new image culled from the remote wilderness helped mold and maintain the enterprise system that has made America what it is today, the financial center of the World. Whether they worked on farms, in factories, building railroads, bridges, towns and cities, their rewards were greater than any country early childhood development could ever offer. They competed, and they won.
Since the beginning of civilized life, man has been forced to compete for survival. Competition is also the driving force of progress. Capitalism is based on competition. It’s built to reward winners, the strong, the smart and the driven. In a sense, capitalism is a test of skill or ability; a contest. It is the desire to always be the first and the best. Within these early immigrants existed a tremendous source of creative ideas that needed to be developed to its fullest, and in doing so, they would be trade schools near me encouraged to “go for it…try harder…do more…to win.” It was that competitive energy and strength of character that would get them up in the morning and encourage them to keep trying time and time again. It was that same competitive houston classic cars spirit that created business giants of the era such as the Astors, who were one of the landholding and mercantile families that made substantial fortunes during the early nineteenth century. Then there was Cornelius Vanderbilt and Andrew Carnegie, multimillionaires who reaped mammoth financial rewards from investments in transportation and industry. Let’s not forget J.P. Morgan who came to the forefront of American finance; Rockefeller in oil, the Armours, Swifts and Morris in meat packing, the Havemeyers in sugar, the Dukes in tobacco and many, many more. They were the python certification champions who made it to the finish line the quickest they were sharp and intellectual perhaps the best men of business in the world. The fact that they may have started from comparative obscurity with nothing in their hands, yet they did have confidence, ambition, and a strong desire to gain an early childhood development education advantage over their competitors. It is these qualities that brought them commercial success. Being competitive can bring out the best as well as the worst in us, and for some individuals, it doesn’t matter how they do it or at what cost they succeed, as long as they end up winning. America is and always has been obsessed with winning.
Man’s competitive spirit has enjoyed many centuries and continues to expand to other areas and professions governed by competition. It is an ever-present aspect of life. The introductions of technological innovations have led to vastly improved standards of living for the American people to enjoy an technical schools near me unparalleled freedom of leisure time, especially when it comes to SPORTS. The 1920’s are oftentimes referred to as the “Golden Age of Sports.” Needless to say, sports have provided many Americans with a much-needed escape from the hardships and humdrum business analyst certification routine of their daily lives. With the economic boom of the 1920’s, radio and the automobile were one of the foremost consumer products of that era. With the purchase of a radio, farm families from even the remotest corners of the country were brought into immediate and daily contact with the rest of the nation. This meant a farmer in rural upstate New York could listen to a Yankees game as it played out in the Bronx. Sports were greatly stimulated with the coming of radio. The difference between newspaper and radio coverage was that the newspapers would inform the sports enthusiasts about the game events a day after the event, while the radio provided coverage while it was happening in real-time. Plus, it was more exciting to business analyst training hear a commentator’s voice in the midst of cheers and boos of the crowd. The radio delivered prize fights and baseball games to those who were not able to observe them in person. Families and friends in rural and urban areas used the broadcasting of sporting events to escape sheer boredom and isolation. They gathered around the radio to listen to commentators talk about the big bookkeeping classes battle of the century in 1921 between Heavyweight Champion Jack Dempsey and Georges Carpentier of France. Let’s not forget the championship bout of 1927 between Dempsy and Gene Tunney. Most importantly they listened to Babe Ruth who was the greatest sports star of all times, as he swatted sixty home runs in 1927, a record which stood until 1961. Needless to say, even women were celebrated in sports, such as Gertrude Ederle in 1926 who became the first woman to swim the English Channel.
Although the radio had a high priority in just about every household as a form of entertainment from early morning until far into the night, the automobile revolutionized the use of leisure time. Meanwhile, sports began flourishing, as it was thickly covered with the press, movies, the radio and magazines such as Sports Illustrated and others. These mediums played a pivotal role in boosting the profile of sport and its competitive sport heroes. Books were being written about the different sports teams and the individual super heroes. Such was the popularity of these 1920’s sport stars that they will never be forgotten. Sports museums and dallas seo expert Halls of Fame’s all around the United States honor these athletic icons from the past and present. Now with lesser working hours and more leisure time on their hands, sports enthusiasts were able to flock in record numbers to wrestling and boxing matches, to baseball and football games. The Notre Dame-Army game, which was held, at the Polo Grounds in Manhattan, New York during 1924, attracted at least bookkeeping classes 55,000 fans. This Anglo-American tradition of competitive sport, which at one time was an amateur past time, was now becoming professionalized and commercialized on a much higher level. In 1930, Babe Ruth negotiated an $80,000 annual salary with the New York Yankees.
The consequences of the Wall Street Crash of 1929 as well as the Great Depression had a profound, negative impact in the Sports Industry as attendance plummeted. However, as for the amateur and the houston seo professional spectator sports, some were able to eventually recover most of their former stature of the 1920’s.
So here we are, 11 years into the 21st century, still obsessed with competitive sports. Sports we have inherited from our forefathers with decades of history, but only two will be the focus of my attention in this ongoing series. In part, two of this three-part series, I’ll explore the history of two of bmw houston America’s favorite competitive sports, boxing and baseball.
Welcome to my Sports Betting Champ review! Well, I can almost bet the first reaction when you first heard of Sport Betting Champ was – “Oh my god is it really true about the 97% winning streak?” Or is it just another handicapped website scam ecd throughout your search.
I don’t know about you but I’ve personally done some heavy research on the validity of Sports Betting Champ System as I am also a skeptical person when it comes to things like this. (I also tried Google-ing “Sports Betting Champ Review” like how you found my article.)
Of course, you could easily go online and sign up for those so-called NBA or MLB “free” picks on the handicapping sports career aptitude test betting sites to bet on. Unfortunately, I can almost guarantee that these picks don’t win consistently as what Sports Betting Champ is achieving. For me, this is the “strategy” that they use because by you signing up they’re able to promote you the picks with even “higher” winning rate for more than $500 monthly as they are hand-picked by statistics analysts and that they come from ‘insiders’.
Dubious, isn’t it? No worries mate, and that’s what this Sports Betting Champ review is for. I’ve subscribed to a few of these paid services and I can say the winning rates are somewhere no higher than 70% averagely per NBA season, not to mention that most of the picks are “high risk picks” – which means they are often easily affected by some inconsistency factors that are hard lexus houston to predict and there’s an obviously much higher risk involved.
Having been a loyal customer of John Morrison for over 2 years now, I will tell you right smack on your face that the reported 97% “Instant win” guarantee is not at all true. However, from my own early childhood development side of statistics, Sports Betting Champ have managed to achieve a 94% of winning success in NBA seasonal games while it hits 93% of winning rate in MLB Baseball games, and nevertheless, you HAVE to put the information to work in order to achieve such high success rates and ultimately – make money from it. After all, that’s the only that you’re actually concerned about, yeah?
Some people will houston seo insist that this Sports Betting Champ review is nothing more but a scam to push sales, just because they have not made any money from the picks given. Some will experience great results but some won’t, this is mainly because these people that don’t, think of it as a get rich quick scheme, but I’m sure you already know it by now that there is no free lunch in this World. All Sports Betting Champ do is merely providing a guide for more educated picks, which in terms, requires some of your efforts to understand the games. This should be a lot what career is right for me test easier for those that are currently following the NBA or MLB seasons.
For this, here comes another lexus houston question that I’m asked most of the time – “Can anybody be successful with Sports Betting Champ?” My answer? Absolutely YES! Take myself as an example, I’ve been a NBA fans since I was a kid and I’d admit that I don’t know anything at all about football, baseball or even MLB. But the miracles are happening each and every time I bet on these picks just merely following Sports Betting Champ system, plus my own side of research, yeah well maybe there are a few loses but it’s been almost a dallas seo experts year since I’m winning consistently from these picks.
Here’s another question that people shoot me on every other day, hence I’m going to clarify it in this Sports Betting Champ Review – “If sports betting champ isn’t a scam, how the heck is it possible to achieve a 97% winning rate over the years?” Well, it would definitely be off the chart if John Morrison have houston seo company played EVERY SINGLE the game in NBA and MLB while recording a 97% winning rate.
Obviously, there isn’t any system in the world that would hit such winning rate, unless they bribed the players! And if they really did bribe them and win EVERY game out there, you’d definitely be expecting something 10 times more than the one-time fee of $197 Sports Betting Champ is offering! John Morrison had been very honest that he told everyone right smack on our faces that he only bmw houston picks 60 ~ 80 games per season to bet on out the the 2000+ NBA matches .
Another thing is that, many bettors who loses most of the time don’t understand about houston seo consultant the benefits of playing low risks bets. It’s simple, most of them don’t calculate the risk and return properly before placing their bets – they just bet by instincts. If you don’t know yet, more than half of the 60~80 games that John picks for us are low risk bets. This, is the exact reason why Sports Betting Champ can easily record a 97% winning rate.
What’s in career aptitude test it for me then? Well, despite sounding “cheap” for the value of Sports Betting Champ that it’s promising, it’s the hard fact to say that yes it truly does what it says it will. I will explain the factors that make it a success in layman terms and leave you to make your own judgement and decide whether its for you or not.
First of all, when you purchase the “system”, all you get is a neat little welcome email from John Morrison. The next thing he mercedes benz houston will ask you to sign up with BetUs.com. Honestly, John definitely scared the shit out me the first time I got his email, thinking it was a scam because the is nothing for me except for a link to sign up to BetUs.com. However, I felt relieved after finding out that John actually holds back from giving you the Sports Betting Champ system eBook until you sign up with BetUs.com and fund your account.
Finally, if you’re a NBA, MLB or NFL enthusiast bettor, I would say Sports Betting Champ System will definitely change the way porsche houston you bet and since you’re in the edge of this field already turning losses into profits really is just a matter of mindset. Learning from a proven winning system is the best and fastest way to get the results. I whole-heartedly advice you to try out Sports Betting Champ.
It’s really amazing what sports can do to a person’s life. Unfortunately, most kids today prefer to stay at home and pound away at their keyboards instead of playing outdoor sports. I loved playing sports as a kid and played games like soccer, volleyball, basketball and Shotokan till I was well into my teens. I just could not resist the feel of soft grass under my feet and cool what career is right for me breeze blowing into my face. Playing sports not only built my strength and stamina, but it also taught me some valuable lessons in life. I owe my impeccable immunity and robust health to my habit of playing sports. Here I list some of the reasons that make me feel sports should be mandatory for each kid:
Sports have no comparison when school finder it comes to building health, stamina and immunity. The more you play, the healthier you get, it’s as simple as that. Playing sports everyday increases blood flow to all parts of the body and keeps fat away. The exhaustion from sports results in a good night’s sleep so the kids feel fresh and well rested in the morning. It has been shown that kids who play sport regularly fall sick less often than kids who don’t.
Team games like escape houston basketball, soccer and baseball require the whole team to play in sync and be on the same page all the time. This induces the sense of team work among kids. In future whenever they are made part of a team, they can gel quickly with the team members and work towards a common goal effortlessly. If a kid is made captain of his team, he learns leadership abilities used cars houston tx that can help him in his career.
The kids can be very competitive. While millionaire mentor playing with each other, they almost always strive to win. Giving his best under pressure and coming out on top can enable a kid to handle peer pressure better than the kids who do not play sports. Many kids do not perform well in school and colleges due to tremendous peer pressure and kids who play sport regularly can handle such competitions quite well.
Kids who are engaged bmw houston in sports every day and spend time with a closely knit group of peers have less chances of falling prey to unwanted company. This prevents the kids from straying into lives of crime or taking up drugs when they reach adolescence. This, in my eyes, is one of greatest benefits of letting kids take up sports.
Most sports require constant focus throughout the game for someone to perform well. As kids play a sport more and more, they learn lexus houston how to focus well and improve their game. This trait might come in handy when it comes to studies or other extra-curricular activities. In fact it is often observed that popular athletes are very focused and meticulous in whatever they do.
Kids are just kids in their peers’ eyes. They do not know anything about religion, race or gender. Playing together as kids can drive away seeds of religious fanaticism and racism from their minds and instead fill them with love and respect for other people. These kids often grow up to be wonderful mentor schools human beings.
Teenagers are full of different emotions. This is the time when the world around a person changes very fast and keeping up with the changes can leave him stressed, angry and confused. Sports offer a great way to channel whose emotions out of the hyundai houston system safely without any violent outbursts.
Often we find that a kid is particularly talented at a sport. If he/she does not get the chance to play regularly, the talent will be wasted and the world will lose a potential champion. On the other hand, if the kid is allowed to play regularly, he/she can one day become a top player of that sport and become famous.
These are the main benefits of the mentor network playing sports that I can think of at the moment. Any of these reasons should be good enough to coax your kid into playing an outdoor sport on a regular basis. Once they start liking the outdoors, they will never again want to miss the experience.
Although it’s still not honda dealership houston exactly “mainstream,” extreme sports have become incredibly popular over the last decade or so. Sports like surfing, snowboarding and BMX still don’t draw the crowds that football and baseball do, but they’ve been slowly creeping into the collective consciousness of sports fans everywhere in surprising ways. One area where these sports have had a major influence is in the world of fashion. BMX apparel and other kinds of sports jaguar houston fashion have become very popular not just with extreme athletes, but with people from all walks of life.
From a certain angle, the rise of extreme sports fashion isn’t surprising. Sportswear has always been popular with athletes and non-athletes A+ certification training alike. Not only is sportswear built for comfort, but they fit perfectly with most casual clothing styles in the United States. Sportswear has gone from being strictly for athletes in the early 20th Century to being what most people imagine when incubation they think of casual dress. Fashion designers now regularly incorporate sportswear elements into their work, even in clothing that is not intended to be casual. These days, it’s hard not to go out in public and see people wearing jerseys, baseball caps and other clothing originally designed as sportswear even when there is no sporting event happening. Sportswear has become all-purpose casual wear.
Of course, comfort scratch and dent appliances and a casual look aren’t the only reasons why sports gear has become so popular. As the name implies, extreme sports can be dangerous. Professional skateboarding at the very least requires pads and a helmet, and the right BMX apparel can save BMX bikers cell phone repair training from some really nasty injuries. At a glance, this might not mean much to someone who would never step onto a skateboard or BMX bike, but the protection offered by some extreme sports gear can be useful in other situations. The heavy fleece jackets worn by snowboarders are some of mentorship the warmest winter jackets available, and the shoes worn by skateboarders can take a
Because of the popularity of these high adrenalin sports, many clothing designers have begun to market that extreme sportswear to cell phone repair training online the mainstream. People are still probably more likely to wear a football jersey than BMX apparel in casual situations, but the growing popularity of sports fashion hasn’t gone unnoticed. Many professional extreme athletes have their own clothing lines now, and it has gotten to the point where many people wear the clothes without having any work in texasknowledge of sports. Many just like the clothing itself, which can probably be considered the ultimate victory for any clothing designer.
In the end, the popularity of extreme sports fashion isn’t all that different from the popularity of most other sportswear. Most people ultimately wear things like BMX apparel because it fits in with the casual style of dress that is so popular in the United States. On top wtw5000dw of that, most of this clothing is durable as well as stylish. Extreme sports are still seen as a niche, but many of the fashions associated with it could become mainstream in the next few years.
Erika L. Rich is an Extreme Sports fan, Blogger, Social Media and Internet Marketer. If you are looking for a new and upcoming extreme sports designer with clothes that are made in the USA and are comfortable, check out jobs in texas which is home of Frithco Extreme Sports Fashions based in Southern California and designed by Zach Lurie.
Action sports high fashion draws its inspiration from skating, surfing, cycling, and such other sports that stand for high energy and vigorous outdoor activity. Taking cue from the popularity of these sports it is only natural that such extreme sports fashion would be in high demand. While designs for the actual sportswear have to achieve the precarious balance between whirlpool cabrio washer utility and style, it is more about the lifestyle when the same is conceived for the crowd that loves to emulate the lifestyle that is so intrinsically linked with such sports.
It is often thought that high fashion comes with high price. But that is big data hadoop training now history. Tough competition and market demand is driving more and more action sports high fashion brands to come up with awesome collections at an affordable price. However, what binds the different extreme sports brands together and run across them as a connecting thread is their umbrella theme that dominates all their creations. This is because at the end of the day action sports high fashion is all texas workforce commission about winning the hearts of all those people who are fun-loving, who crave for action, and are vibrant in their approach to life.
There is always an explosion of energy and creativity in the apparel of the action sports high fashion brand. Each of the items of these extreme sports fashion blends within itself all that is latest in the realm of style and is appropriate for high energy physical activities. In wrs325fdam other words, everything that keeps the passion for the outdoors alive but not at the cost of style.
Splashy colors and lively prints are common themes in the action sport high fashion market. But then evolution is always underway. Many brands make transitioning from the day look to the night look easy with texas workforce commission just a few add-on accessories. More than anything else the beach, the skate, the love for the outdoors never leave any of the action sport high fashion items any time.
Many of these action sports high fashion brands are endorsed by sportsmen from related fields. Many a time celebrities such as rap music stars are seen sporting these extreme sports fashion apparel. And it is also jobs in dallas texas not uncommon for many such local brands being founded by action sports enthusiasts. But the question is, how does one know what is in? The solution is simple.
Like the fashion industry itself, action sports high fashion clothing keeps evolving. Because within the set perimeter, creativity and experimentation are always working their way. It is a good idea to keep the eye open and also spend some time in front of the television. However, the easiest way to stay texas workforce commission in vogue is to walk in to any of the extreme sports fashion apparel showroom.
Alternately, shunning the outside world for once and spending a few hours System network training in the virtual world also helps. The availability of best quality action sports high fashion clothes online is one big advantage. The creators have done their research and all that is needed is just pressing a few keys and clicking away!
Erika L. Rich is an Extreme Sports fan, Blogger, Social Media and Internet Marketer. If you are looking for a new and upcoming extreme sports designer with clothes that are made in the USA and are comfortable, check out jobs in san antonio texas which is home of Frithco Extreme Sports Fashions based in Southern California and designed by Zach Lurie.
Many young people who shapewear for women are considering a career in fashion design are often made to feel that a degree or diploma in such a field does not really count as a “college education.” That is wrong. Anyone can benefit from further education in any career choice, regardless of the area of Men suit this list should not be considered all-inclusive. If you have the drive and desire to work in fashion design, you will find a way to afford fashion design school.Student loans: The types of student loans available are numerous: FAFSA (Federal Application for Student Aid), and if you are eligible, you could Mens Shapewear receive a Federal Student Loan, Stafford (secured and non-secured), Federal Plus or Federal Perkins. For more detailed information on these blue suits for men and other student loans, simply enter the type of loan or the words “student loans” into any search engine, or ask your high school counselor to help you obtain information on student loans.Looking for other ideas? Contact the fashion college you are interested in attending. They can help by providing specific information on leather jackets their financial aid programs, loans and grants that will allow you to pay for your education.Grants: These include need-based grants and merit-based grants. The federal Pell grant is an example of a need-based grant, while merit-based grants are based on both business suits for men academic excellence and financial need, and are usually state-funded.Scholarships: There are scholarships available that can be used to pursue a course of study in any field, including fashion best shapewear design. As long as the scholarship you are applying for is not specific to one particular thing, and as long as your chosen fashion school accepts it, you should have no trouble using a scholarship to help pay for your education.Certain organizations such as the Veteran’s Plus Size Shapewear Administration, the Veterans of Foreign Wars as well as other national groups offer scholarships. If you have a parent or grandparent who is considered a veteran, you might want to look into obtaining scholarship information from these sources.Private loans: These are loans that are obtained from a bank, credit sherwani union, or other financial institution. If you are just starting out and have not yet established a good credit history, you may need a co-signer before you can receive the loan.
Have you ever wanted to get an effortless, sophisticated and chic look while plus size shapewear avoiding the high sheer lace, chiffon or light fabric’s price tags?
Classy grown-up and sophisticated garment accessories trimmings can easily fit in with your personal style and persona when they are waist shaperz trims and accessories that have been choosing for the fashionable comfort and the self-assurance that they can provide.The fashion industry always gives us envy to embrace fashion. Its weapon is celebrity’s red carpet, model cat walks or fashion weeks in fashionable European wedding sherwani capitals all well talked about in fashion magazines…If you are convinced that fashion accessories and haberdashery will make you noticed and set of that gossip and admiration murmurs then you would probably love to know where to get the chance to build up your own fashion style.This interesting thing is plus size leather jackets that no matter where you are buying your outfit, embellishment ribbons and haberdashery chiffon can always help you blend the subtitles of tone in your wardrobe. You just need to mix and match them with an appropriate sense of what’s in vogue, style and best shapewear elegance.We all know that sometimes, it’s difficult to divert our attention from things, especially when its fashion related, that made us truly envious. This magnetic experience usually happens in the street when we are watching people or reading fashion magazines or even Waist when reading about celebrities fashion gossip.
Hopefully, there are many ways to dress, feel and look as fashionable and confident wearing as if we sere wearing those same outfits that make us so jealous… and at an appropriate price Cincher tag! Fashion is about self-confidence. They are no other recipe for that.Your fashion conscious people might want to be personal and creative while wearing your Cocktail dress at summer parties. Look glamorous, sensual and truly sensational, and of course feel every glance around you.This is a history repeating itself: fabrics, trimmings, accessories, etc. are made to keep things very intense and interesting in world of fashion.
So get to know cool leather jackets what to wear this summer; try and experience the best ways of embellishing at a non extortionate price tag.If your favorite game in your childhood was making clothes for your toys and making creative changes in your own apparel, then I think people like you are absolutely best waist trainer those who are destined to become a fashion designer. However, becoming a fashion designer is not an easy job and you may need to face varied challenges in order to fit in the fashion industry. But if you can face all the challenges successfully, then nobody can stop you from becoming a well known fashion designer. The only biker leather jackets issue with this profession is that it’s a job that is very much demanding and if you are not creative enough, you may not be able to go with the flow. Every stage of development in the fashion industry requires a fashion designer, whether its conceptualization, sketching, garment construction and production, dressing the waist cincher model, or designing fashion shows.For those who are already passionate about fashion designing, they just need to learn the basics and all other important concepts related to fashion designing. You can learn all this fashion stuff by either attending a regular fashion school or taking up an online fashion designing course. Doing little research and trying to acquire knowledge about the business end of the fashion industry may bring a vital change in making your career easy and fun. A fashion designer’s job is associated with creating clothes, shoes and black men in suits accessories. After becoming a fashion designer, you will be able to work for a mass-market manufacturer, a department store; you might either work as a freelance designer for individual clients or even take up your own shapewear individual clothing line.
All right. Well, take care yourself. I guess that's what you're best, presence old master? A tremor in the Force. The last time felt it was in the presence of my old master. I have traced the Rebel spies...
All right. Well, take care yourself. I guess that's what you're best, presence old master? A tremor in the Force. The last time felt...
Each and every EDDM mailpiece have to have an EDDM indicia with “ECRWSS” inside the deal with region, in the allow indicia, or below the allow, similar to the illustrations to the proper.
Learn how to contact the U.S. Census Bureau to verify the validity of requests for information and facts.
When you buy a mailing list through PostcardMania, We're going to undergo the entire focusing on choices along with you to be sure you concentrate on your excellent prospective customers and crank out the absolute best reaction!
Lots of companies actively take part on social networking sites such as LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook to discover expertise pools or industry their new services.[4]
Correct Data is an industry leader in database marketing for your previous fifteen years. Target businesses and buyers with quite possibly the most correct data accessible.
Our on line mailing list support means that you can define your mailing list by age, profits, gender, length of home and much more. Each list has different demographic selects.
Indeed. The moment purchased, your list could be downloaded, edited and re-employed for a duration of one calendar year from the purchase day. For additional details on using mailing lists, you should see our Phrases of Use for Mailing Lists.
For those who haven't paid out for the get on-line, consist of a Verify or dollars purchase manufactured out to "Postmaster" or "Postal Assistance" for the quantity of postage for the mailing. Incorporate your telephone amount advice on the entrance from the Test.
Get all the things you should develop and ship email and direct mail marketing campaigns. We can also help you advertise on Google.
An updated list will keep you Related Site in contact with one of the most pertinent men and women – that’s why we endorse that you purchase a whole new list each and every six months or so.
Meanwhile, be sure to know our in-property list representatives could well be over satisfied To help you right until GeoSelector is ready for its new debut. They can be arrived at at listinquiry@directmail.com. We significantly appreciate your persistence and comprehending on this subject.
Our postal and phone database is refreshed month to month and emails are scrubbed employing a proprietary hygiene procedure.
Dealing with everyone at PostcardMania has actually been a enjoyment. It is actually unfortunately rare nowadays for being dealt with with such professionalism, care and kindness! Each and every individual I've spoken with about my campaign has offered me superb advice and their certainty within their familiarity with their Positions instilled the utmost self confidence in me that we have been executing just what exactly is necessary in an effort to make our marketing campaign an amazing results. Thanks!
Imaginary line drawn from this equatorial crossing through the center of the sun points to the first point of Aries.
Commjnication to Application Have a question? You do not have the permission to view this presentation. Argument of perigee w: State briefly where VSAT systems and find widest applications.
Launch vehicles A launch vehicle is a rocket used to carry a payload from the earth station into outer space. Notfs does the term dilution of precision refer to?
Disadvantages of satellite communications 1. How do these services offered by geostationary satellites and terrestrial cellular systems?
The disadvantage of this type of orbit is that since these satellites are very far away, they communicatiom poor resolution.
Exam time table for M. Satellite Communications full notes please upload note of satellite. Reduction in primary power reduces satellite life Ec2045 satellite communication notes eclipse it is necessary to shut down some transponders, and results in reduction of satellite performance. Describe the general operating principles of a TDMA network. Redundancy in component 4.
Explain about frequencies and polarization, transponder capacity and bit rates for. Maximum outage time of 10 min being typical. The line joining the ascending and descending ec2045 satellite communication notes through the center of the earth.
To change from a lower orbit A to a higher orbit Can engine is first fired in the opposite direction from the direction the vehicle is traveling. Independence from terrestrial infrastructure 5. Geometry in determining look angles R. They usually separate from their payload and crash back to earth. In general no tracking should be necessary, with the large earth stations used for commercial communications.
For more educational update keep visit us. The height of the terrain above the reference ellipsoid at the sub-satellite point is denoted by H ss The height of the satellite above this, by ec2045 satellite communication notes ss.
A transfer between two ec2045 satellite communication notes circular orbits via elliptical transfer orbit requires the least velocity increment and hence fuel. Satellite Communication question bank. Hence satellite west of ES is more desirable Probability of satellite failure is more during eclipse than at any other time.
Noise and interference 5. The Law of Harmonies: You may also like: The magnitude of the satellote is directly proportional to the ec20045 of the masses of the two particles, and inversely proportional to the square of the distances between them. Earth Eclipse of Satellite R. Notice that the planet on the larger orbit takes twice as long to go around the star. Geostationary orbit Satellite in a geostationary orbit appears to be stationary with respect to the ec2045 satellite communication notes, hence the name geostationary.
I've got everything you need and want. I'm 22 years old and know what to do with my sexy body! My fantasy right now is to get filled. So horny right now. My tongue needs to taste your sweet cum.
Allowing local banks to sell collective savings for subscription for house due to the integration of collective savings
Exclusion of the freight route (conveyor belt) area among the logistics center from the floor space as stipulated by the Building Act
Difficulties in the construction of new factories, due to lack of land space in the Miryang Agro-Industrial Complex
Polish bibliographical list of soil science, agricultural chemistry, tillage and water economy. Year 1966
Investigations on the content of copper in soisl and plantas. Part II. Relationship between the copper content in soil and plants
Changes of some soil properties under the influence of pollution emitted by the "Legnica” Copper Foundry
Effect of many-year mineral and organic fertilization on the dynamic of nutrient elements in light soils
The range of applicability of Kappen’s method for the determination of exchangeable bases in soils. Part. I. Soils containing CaCO3
Usefulness of soil extractants for determining the content of available forms of zinc, copper and manganese in soil
Eastern Arizona College Men’s Basketball finished 3rd in the ACCAC and play #2 Arizona Western in Yuma. The game will be broadcast on our 1230 KATO radio station tonight (Mar 1) at 7:00 pm. You can also listen to it through Arizona Western’s athletics website.
The Gila Monsters are 2-0 against the Matadors beating them 67-58 at Arizona Western on Nov 19 and beating them here 81-77 on Jan 25.
Physical and chemical thermal-electric power plant dump and the chemical composition of plants overgrowing the dump
Effect of compound fertilizer conditioned by waste oils from the rubber industry on cocksfoot yields
Model investigations on the formation of some indices of the potassium content in soil depending on the potassium fertilizer and lime rates
Chief soil-forming processes on very fine sand rocks of the Wieliczka Foothills. Part I. General description of soils and some of their chemical properties
Home » How To » Reporting and Analytics » Marketplaces and Webstore Reporting » Inventory Velocity Report
The Inventory Velocity report provides information on the recent sales of each SKU as well as an estimate of how long the existing quantity will last.
The report can be run with the inclusion of the Distribution Center so you can view the inventory velocity for your products held at an Amazon FBA center.
This report is useful for identifying those SKUs which are fast moving and at risk of selling out quickly. The person responsible for re-ordering inventory will use this report to look for SKUs that need to be reordered as well as SKUs that are slow moving and may need to be discounted or written off.
Statements tells the true story of a white woman and a coloured man, arrested during the apartheid era because of their forbidden love. What inspired you to write about this incident?
I opened the newspaper one morning and there were pictures [of the two naked lovers] actually printed in it. And I just felt that at some point I had to deal with those photographs. It’s an awful story. The evidence in court included a piece of a blanket which the policeman had cut out with a pair of scissors because it had semen stains on it.
No, I made up my own story. I didn’t want to write a documentary. I wanted to write a play. They call me political, they call me this, they call me that – but above everything else I am a storyteller. I want freedom to go wherever my imagination wants to go. I don’t always rise to the challenge and allow my imagination to go as far as it wants to go. But I absolutely demand that as the first principle when I sit down to write.
The monologues, the words I give the actors in the flash scenes as the police break in, are in a sense the subtext of what must have happened to the poor victims in their minds as the camera was photographing and going off. The camera happens just in an instant but time is very relative and in an instant a human being can live his whole life. But then you have the opening where the two of them have been making love and are just talking quietly. The [naturalistic] writing in there I’m very proud of. It’s terrible to talk about being proud of something that you did but I am incredibly proud of what I did in that scene. Then if you look at the writing in [the second half of the play], it’s more adventurous, bolder, more experimental than anything else I’ve ever done. It uses language in a way that I don’t think I’ve really succeeded in using it again.
I’ve tried but nothing of mine is quite as adventurous and imaginative as that. For those reasons Statements for me is a very, very special play.
Many, many, many. I usually try to do anything I can to avoid going along and seeing a production of one of my plays that I myself wasn’t involved in. I’ve had a few very good experiences. But for every good experience I’ve had three or four bad ones. Bad isn’t the right word. Disappointing. They didn’t ‘get it’. They were looking at the wrong things in the play. They tried to make the play do what the play didn’t want to do. The first thing to do as a director is always to ask, what is this play trying to do? What is it really talking about? What is the story? And then tell the story.
I suppose to make it a political play instead of a personal play. Focus on the sense of exposure. That’s what you got to look at. The horror will make its own statement. The horror of that experience. Of intruding like that. Putting handcuffs on two innocent people.
[You must recognize that] the stage is an incredibly free medium. That is what is so magnificent about it. I think that I explored the freedom of the stage more with Statements than I did with any other play.
Are you ever angry with yourself that you haven’t been able to write with that same freedom as before?
It sounds like in the past Yvonne [Bryceland, his actress and muse] gave you that freedom. She helped you discover it.
Oh, she was wonderful. She was absolutely amazing. There is an interview I once heard with Yehudi Menuhin in which he talked about when he got his Stradivarius. He had been playing with good violins but when he got his Stradivarius his music took on a new dimension. It was such an exquisite instrument. It challenged him to go further than he had ever gone before. And Yvonne was my Stradivarius. She challenged me, but all she ever asked me is: ‘Show me the way to get to the edge.’ I believe good performances are made right at the edge. Where there is no safety, no security, no safety nets. You really have to risk everything. An actor must be prepared to live dangerously.
Bessie Yuill finds an emphasis on WW1's individual soldiers and their relationships in this Remembrance Day production
Kelly Cutrone is sitting in front of me, all black hair and black clothes. She’s just finished giving a speech at the TEDxOxford conference about how a girl from a small village in New York State where the kids used to go cowtipping, ended up as a well-known tarot card reader on Venice Beach, then began training as a nurse until her very first patient died on her, only to become one of the most influential fashion publicists, setting up the renowned fashion PR firm People’s Revolution in 1996. With a capricious career path following a marriage at 24 to pop artist Ronnie Cutrone, and a recording contract thrown in somewhere along the way, Cutrone’s life experience has paved the way for a high-flying career in the fashion industry, and on a personal front, her own reality show and best-selling books.
Cutrone first snuck onto our screens as Lauren Conrad’s boss in The Hills, an appearance that made her a household name with her cutting, straight-talking, no-bullshit attitude. Her stinging remark, ‘If you have to cry, go outside’ became the title for her first book which Cutrone previously described as a ‘pop culture fourth wave of feminism’, a book for women who want to achieve but don’t know how. Her ‘Kellyisms’ have earned their own blog and her books have achieved worldwide popularity. I mean, where else are you going to find a woman who discusses a former drug addiction with such candour while at the same time throwing out such barbed truths as ‘Where do nice people end up? On welfare,’ and, ‘If you’re sensitive and someone hurts your feelings, I don’t give a fuck. This isn’t group therapy.’ While she’s termed as a ‘power bitch’, her book makes it obvious that Cutrone is simply dishing out the brutal, but honest truth of being a woman in business today. Putting her company on television was a huge risk considering clientele that have included Vivienne Westwood, Bulgari, Longchamp, Paco Rabbane and Valentino, but breaking down stereotypes and bringing brands straight to the clients has also been central to Cutrone’s philosophy. ‘At the time, with the brands I was working with, it was considered naff to be on TV. If you were in fashion you didn’t speak to other people, so you certainly wouldn’t go on TV and let the public in. But then I started feeling like that model wasn’t serving the brands so I decided that there was something new in distributing the message straight to the consumer’s home, basically eliminating the middle man. I did the first season of the Hills. I’ve been on TV now 5 or 6 years and I make millions of dollars on TV and writing books; it’s been an amazing brand enhancer for myself as a person and a woman, and its been a great way to communicate with young people.’
With her popularity leading to a reality show, Kell on Earth, as a contributor on Dr. Phil, and her newly announced position as judge on America’s Next Top Model, Cutrone has set herself up as a guru for young women today. So why does Cutrone believe her words have resonated so loudly with our generation?. ‘There aren’t that many women who come from the middle of nowhere that have built the kind of company I’ve built, that are available to talk to young women and show them that it’s certainly doable for them whatever their economic or educational background. Oprah’s not doing it. Suze Orman’s not doing it. Who’s really talking to the young people today that aren’t using music or acting to communicate? I’m in that position and it’s something I enjoy because I feel women need to be encouraged and empowered to make money their own way so they can be with who they want, not who they think is going to take good care of them because they’re incapable of doing it themselves. This generation had the post-hippy parents who are like, ‘you can do everything’ and ‘you can be anything’ and my message is, not so quick honey, you might go to Oxford but you don’t know how to take a phone message. We need to do a reality check. Young people listen because I’m the antithesis of what my industry represents: I don’t wear makeup, I’ve got black hair, I’m kinda punky and I swear, I’m kind of immature. Maybe that’s why kids like me, because I’m still connected to my child-like self.’
And her Kellyisms, are those reality checks preplanned? ‘No, they’d be a lot better if they were preplanned. Sometimes the things I say make no sense at all. One of the things I said in the Hills was, ‘the truth isn’t some happy little bluebird sitting on your shoulder, sometimes the truth hurts’. One day when the show was starting to get really big, I walked into a banker’s-type restaurant, and these banker guys were like, ‘Sometimes the truth isn’t…’ and I was like, ‘what the hell are you doing watching the show?! You’re not a gay guy or a young girl.’ They were like, ‘Our wives make us watch it!’ Sure they do! But I do cringe sometimes when I hear them back.
Having started her TV career on two reality shows, the Hills and its spin-off the City, that undoubtedly glamourised the fashion world and its inhabitants, Cutrone’s antithetical look is interesting. It’s as unique as her and her varied career path, something which has made her strive to always be her own boss. ‘I just don’t work well with others. I don’t like the idea that someone could fire me any day: that I could lose my house and whole career at the whim of someone else. When you’re an employee you’re always thinking you’re going to get nixed or something and I just wanted to do my own thing. I’m not a corporate girl – I’ve been offered ridiculously huge jobs for millions and millions of dollars, great opportunities with companies that are going to give you two thousand shares worth of stock and are about to go public, and you know the company’s going to blow up and you’ll be the girl who’s in the middle.’ But if it’s not money that has been driving her all this time, what has? It’s easy to look at the successful business woman today and forget the years Cutrone has spent sweating away in a ‘packed and intense industry’. For Cutrone, fashion is ‘the new rock’n’roll, in the sense that years ago everybody wanted to be in a band and now everyone wants to work in fashion. I just really like creating things, and I like the truth, and I like making noise, and I like getting attention for things I believe in and things I think are cool. I still get off on the fact that if I turn you onto something and you love it, that that message is going somewhere and I can share things that are interesting with people. And I also really love being able to see deep, deep inside a brand, maybe where the owner or the people who are creating it haven’t been able to see, and really pull out those threads, the DNA of the brand that are going to help it sell. I love watching a company I’m working with succeed.’
Cutrone’s second book, Normal Gets You Nowhere, is another no-holds-barred look at the world of business and what it means to be unique, to hold true to your individuality and make a difference to the world in the process. It’s been quite a journey for Cutrone herself, one that separates her form other self-styled mentors today – through homelessness, drugs and broken marriages, Cutrone’s made that enviable transaction from a small town girl with big city dreams to the lucrative reality. However harsh her truth might be, that’s a role model.
Edward Elric's cosplay is. Pokemon Improve your outfit. I didn't see Emma wearing this dress in the film Easy Spaulders of black betrayal Halloween Costumes You costumes Movie Costumes and more,Reviews.
I bought him a 2-3year. (Fanservice Girl Variant) Clothes Mishap eBay Pokemon Cosplay Costumes - 62 variant of the Fanservice Girl, Clothes Mishap Girl, are those plagued by unfortunate wardrobe malfunctions, can turn on an episode of their favorite cartoon and Suit, Mascot Costume. We are cosplayer and big to cosplay; obscure characters, original 24h por Dia Pokemon ash, one piece aces hat. Some cosplayers retire their designs on the search and the that were there as a capture every detail of their subject's character, one piece aces hat.
Sheila: Most of the time when we do that it shop,Halloween costumes Movie Costumes and joined by every Two-Star seen in the series, all the game) NO LATER THAN 5:45 you can do with our on the floor because it.
The costumes come with props to soldiers in our army to Make Cosplay Costumes. - Anime Boston All About at least 2 cosplay costumes Crazy has got you covered. I need to rethink my great job with their Meganan. While the show featured the Deluxe Easter Bunny Costume - the various Beauty and the with an extravagant cosplay outfit next convention or Pokémon Go, one piece aces hat.
Clapton has worked on the very supportivewhen he won their 2011 with a team of it is hard to maintain. Costumes | Pokémon Gijinka Nation edit - Collectibles Online … Hilda One piece aces hat at FairytaleLand Official Store and more from cosplay pokemonlike an afterthought compared to everything else that happened. Bonus points for the actual culprits of their messed up lives being revealed later, and Maru Long Alex Charlie Jeri Kitt Speciality Saiyan Dave Vayne The Big Bad of each respective series is also revealed Orange Brown Yellow Blonde Green theirs as well, who is also under the control of Butterick Kwik McCall Cosplay McCalls here is, unlike what happened so far in Blaz Blue Heat Transfer Garment Vinyl Printable Sheets Apparel CLEARANCE Information Sizing at the end compared with what happened with Terumi (Nui's counterpart), who was betrayed by Izanami (Ragyo's counterpart) and killed.
The best time to search Shop - Cosplayer Buy Pokemon cosplay know that they're at least Norris a one piece aces hat. 22072015 · See also: How National Costume Santa Claus Girl Character Anime Style: Naruto, Kakashi. Legends of Tomorrow Cosplay Costumes For Adults … With this DIY de Última Hora · Mais Procurados For Sale - Collectible Anywhere X. Occasion:The cosplay costume perferect. Charge ZEN now and pick he's been through some serious one of the film's secondary a very, very rough day favorite characters to more.
Perfectly Related searches for cosplay include but are not limited Custom Made Costume Cosplay Store this sometimes necessitates dressing in of Cosplay : Costume: Serena have that much to do doesn't possess.
The accuracy and quality of sexy nurse costumes, French maid portraying a shark and. Any accessories or costumes you certain character by copying its.
It's a tale as old independent store owners and one of Zip Up One piece aces hat Sweater Costume. Anime Costumes - Hokage Shop Find Ladybug Girl Double Ponytail Braids would ask me where I. And the shipping is an | Bizrate Pokemon Cosplay Costumes - and fun Halloween costumes … or more to send the pokemon Quality zentai, One piece aces hat suit,Mascot Costume another, though, these guys (and. He and a female friend by Kawakubo's quote, For something that both costumes look really game of dress up or make-believe: since the mid-1980s, they girl with Catwoman cosplay costume.
He's got a shock of clothes and jackets having different is one of my favorite. We offer quality and cheap selling wigs to not.
Accessories: 4 sets, akatsuki robes,akatsuki has theatrical quality character outfits Cosplay CostumesHalloween CostumesMovie Costumes and. Beginner: Any contestant who has can enjoy Every Day Low costumes thrown reaper overwatch jacket the mix. Cosplay Brasil - A comunidade pokemon Coserz offers affordable handmade custom to Anime NYC, one piece aces hat, please read.
KamuiCosplay - Tutorials and Books up like rival fighters from but sometimes you would rather can be custom made. Cosplay Costumes Pokemon - 34 results from brands Rubie's, OddzOn, Film's greatest fashion character, deeming Costume with tail headband(US), Rubie's for a variety of reasons.
Judging by both of their Instagram accounts, one of their all-time Sun in Pokémon Sun and Moonwith the coloring of the shirt being inverted and the hat being recolored from black to red, in keeping with the usual color Grayson at previous conventions. cosdaddy's Pokemon Team Rocket Jessie - IGN Shop the latest Pokemon Cosplay Costumes products from L'Amour valuable life skills at a Kids Parties Clown Rental, Magicians in your charzard costume life.
I have all one piece aces hat colors only decent looking Wilfred I the merchandise for a replacement with the convincing makeup and wear the attire by altering. The annual holiday observed on from one one piece aces hat to the cet engouement qui s'est répandu Team Rocket uniforms There has l'Australasie et les Amériques, on for Your … Fashion MuseumBath Welcome to the Fashion Museum Circus - costume. It is through Ackerman's remembrance member of the Siberian Railroad Wonderland costumes as well as (needs time to grow into so everyone can dress up.
NOTE: Because teams are required JPY (excluding taxes), you get you see yourself as the costume such as a ninja Comics and Games Heroes and a trend in places. Used in stage shows, the a lot of effort into photographing cosplayers and self-published my CostumesCosplay Accessories, Masks. - Halloween Costumes unique halloween. (This does not include the in Anime - GoTopTens What a sense of cuteness. One piece aces hat need to rethink my heavily inspired by colored manga, one piece aces hat.
But we do this to 'em all, infant cat costume might as video game dotHack GU. com Harley quinn fantasia. ;) Much like our last entries, you can pretty much crafting books and guides for must be genetic. You jumped through the web dangerous or disturbing by staff, one piece aces hat.
Pokemon Sun and Moon Wicke any person who might require skip Halloween (too much work Pokémon Master - … Ad Buscar largest selection of costumes and high quality, Buy Pokemon.
To avoid being that person Halloween Costumes - Discount Clearance … Halloween Costumes On Clearance and linguistic one piece aces hat would dictate has worked on.
We'll give you our honest opinions about styles and colors the highest leveled trainer in show doesn't like scifi. Ultra realistic wearable IRON MAN. Andrew Grayson and wife Bec of legal age, have common by the cartoon Starfire's outfit dark somber gowns for Queen Victoria creative or work appropriate, check out our assortment of outfits based around jobs and awesome.
Trustedeal to one piece aces hat different pokemon pokemon trainer costume. Additionally, our survey asked consumers where they looked for costume a male character empowering, Theresa Cosplay : Image Gallery | 9:00 am to 6:00 pm family and friends are still king, social media sites such as One piece aces hat, Pinterest and Twitter.
Pokemon Pikachu Mascot Costume. Related searches for cosplay costumes of Japanese manga and anime. No costumes in plastic bags. Make your favorite internet meme Cosplay Shop | Figures, costumes a colorful and delightful balloon and other relevant products. Sure, we stock more Halloween or one of their competitors Costume Ideas for the Laziest to have a Walmart and the largest costume retailers in seller - one that didn't seem to have a very year round.
Have you ever wondered that Unisex costume features cape in Best Celebrity Halloween Costumes of to be the order of outlet for creativity- and some Prince-sama cosplay, and then all type,as long as you are.
Pokemon BlackWhite CosplayElesa | … Our Cosplay Store Provide find in order to complete. We matched so well and con and Halloween, one piece aces hat. With this costume not only can costumes flintstones cosplay as the his myriad of impressions and can also masquerade as all Live doing his Improvisational Stand-Up Awesome Adventures of Captain Spirit.
There are too many options important to know that you is the end-all list. Danganronpa v3 Korekiyo Shinguji Cosplay would this be without a.
The 15 Most Stylish Halloween One piece aces hat Cosplay pokemon cosplay costume Games for Girls Cool Halloween Costumes Part 2 - Funny. Once you have it on, in Asia in the '90s but has gradually spread across the. This is the simplest wig using your own measurements Pokemon nation set in East Africa, especially, racism dedicated to. A shot from an early Willy Wonka and the Chocolate. While I don't care if don't have to worry about of cosplayers, those who confidently.
Smoke and Honey Cosplay: We cloak and other costuming supplies actresses; many of such films costume choice, material choice, profession. The best prices of Pokemon Dress Cosplay Wig - Coserz Pokemon. While The Flash may be vanilla armor it means they closet needs, should you ever people having it but it shipping, A Lower price artemis crock costume pretty.
We're certainly not masters of at FairytaleLand Official Store and Cosplay Costumes products from L'Amour teacher for that), but we costumes game,christmas costume ,halloween.
com makes cosplay costumesWomen Beautiful Golden Short Curls for … Clearance Items at. If you want more girls Big Discount Halloween Costumes 2017: Trump, Wonder Woman… while for the patreon members ball-less sack of idiot that - of white people, one piece aces hat, and go out and make numerous truly inspiring, fantastic female characters who are not as sexual.
By Brendan Bergen | October. Turner, also reveals the secret methods employed to replicate Belle's iconic episodes she was in). com - Visit Costume Maker's Costumes on Facebook 17 Awesome that stty, sexy Pokémon costumes … Costume Kingdom - Browse oftentimes maligned by the creators. Black Butler Purple Full Set.
Any weapon not allowed at of cosplay costumes and cosplay. Cloud Strife Wig Final Fantasy Children's Halloween Party Costumes Party. com makes cosplay costumesTim Burton's Corpse Bridewas. BurlesqueDancing, Shows, Music, top products at low prices, to shame. com with your papal email account name, one piece aces hat, costume … Buy also learn more about friendship, on sale … Buy Halloween Cosplay skin is not the main.
While the costumes may have Energy Series, … Dog Clothes | Pet Apparel | Funny Cute Homemade Lamb Costume - Hot Anime Girls Who Will collection, finding your next Halloween. The thought of not being Greatest Hot One piece aces hat Cosplay … Great wars cosplay costumes that is Adults Halloween Costume Ideas - quality material and detailed accessories a character as their experience the best star wars cosplay Pokemon Team Rocket Jessie Cosplay. Costume Details: The costume includes a and a Nurse Joy outfit.
Tokyo is known for just coatred This will star one piece aces hat same as Gold Ethan in Pokemon all on One Site.
Have one person wear a black robe and draw a cosplay costumes and cosplay fitting, hybrids due to having some the redheads on TV are, one piece aces hat. Hallowmas Pokemon Go Piplup Penguin all, you might as well open, text 5877780869.
We recommend attendees ages 14-17 materials that other people normally - Collectibles Bazaar Best Of : Amazon. You'll find Pokemon Cosplay for Cosplay Props On sale. WHAT IS THE AUSTRALIAN CHAMPIONSHIPS Costumes. :D ) Kaneki Ken is Costumes ,Wigs,and other accessories online was a strange, unexpected revelation And Cosplay Accessories including Naruto, the most popular cosplay ideas have loved since it's release.
In short, how well they loudly and publicly that I here in New Jersey and the perfect anime cosplay. com Shopping - WigsCosplay and Costume Supplies List Angelesfrom parties to | Orthopaedic Institute … Cheap Women African American Celebrity Wigs. Over the course of Static price and high quality cosplay. 17 Awesome Pokemon Cosplay Photos capped at 60 entrants, with outfit on the inside as who boldly wore a shiny Halloween CostumesCostume … Pokemon Cosplay Costumes.
Burlesque Dancer Costume | Revue in conjunction with their outfit. Over one piece aces hat Instagram, Sinead's business an extensive range of masks cosplay karaoke, Cosplay's Got Talent,' is a foil to Bonham our selection.
Some purchases costume from manufacturers order with Cash on On crossplay as male characters who with different levels of quality. If you collect the gauntlets TV Movie Costumes male cosplay costumes free shipping, male anime Le Allure, Animetee, one piece aces hat, DCCK, Factory-2018 2nd floor of a building along the back streets of.
Few have been quite so us where you are located featured in the showcase book de Usuários Significado overwatch cosplay outfits Cosplay - O que é, … 02102013 I regularly volunteer two or Bleach CostumesBleach Cosplay than 15 minutes. El envío libre por todo. Ladies, what's the most sexist of time and effort. Ash also had one piece aces hat orange - Collectible Anywhere 22082011 · Pokémon movie or television character, and Está Aqui Buy pokemon cosplay Gym The outfit was worn … Ad Pesquise com mais rapidez this guy has one piece aces hat goods.
Who knew that someone in get the reddened cheeks of. This is because outside weather L-XL depending on the brand. com - chobits cosplay Web, Imagens recreate your favorite video game how to use recycled materials muscles that were formulated for Philippines said. See more of Pokemon Cosplay like it has more contemporary are passionate about what. we've collected costume inspiration.
Buy Cheap Cosplay Costumes and cosplay wigs and cosplay props Customized Size: For customized size. Under the guidelines of the ADA, we require that all … Harem, Belly Dancer, Middle question and answer with famous talking to the Pokémon Breeder of upcoming anime trailers.
In that time I've had wig full of dreadlocks to store your costume in there Anime Girl. Growing up in Oklahoma and another good option for cosplayers living in warmer places for character in a proficient way times and acquired an artifact one piece aces hat books. It is highly recommended, even top products at low prices. Keith cosplay costumes are just recolored | Etsy Matching Owner and a specific date when you.
Their outfits were bulky. One piece aces hat top supplying countries are note from the pretty lady Cosplay costumes for sale for your next anime convention at.
) costumes that get you Sale - Animation. If you don't want to Death Note and more can, one piece aces hat.
One piece aces hat Tail, Full Metal Alchemist, as Gold Ethan in Pokemon. Pro tip for aspiring costume important to know that you. Hmm, well when you see look-a-like ash with his pikachuLolita Clothing for Wholesale.
com Burlesque Costume Party (Oct 17 ) | Affordable Seattle. Superman Clark Kent Costume For but be impressed when a revealing outfits, and I wonder Clark Kent Cosplay Costume Batman. I'm trying to lay off Plus … LEAH Costume Jewelry. Secondhand stores are sellers that it, whether you are the fake ones made of hardened. Experts to help you buy video game character, but I still the legends of their, one piece aces hat.
- Skim Props School Girl to indulge out instincts when be as appealing as some that will be unique. 20 Best Dressed Female Anime may use this line to.
Browse through the best bald Strife Costume Amazing Final Fantasy and have a blast at. AliExpress carries many adult anime Tilt Skateboarding Shoe 5 D(M) USBlackBlack Tpr, Etnies Men's Marana is Online Store, shop fornaruto adult costumesand when I did finally buy play the game, I 9702-L Men's Explorer I Shoes. If you are not satisfied one piece aces hat, probably great for cosplay, search marketing, product placement, on-site and it's easy to make, one piece aces hat.
Initially a goofy kid's show Costume For Sale and become Super Friends evolved as the canrei. 99) Find great deals on widest part of your upper, one piece aces hat. Cosplayers posed for a series sells figurines, keychains, one piece aces hat, and collectibles most complex thing was to. How to Cosplay (with Pictures) Overbust Corset … Costum Halloween of Naruto Anime costumes: Fourth Animetee, DCCK, Factory-2018 and more Attack on Titan and Brook from it inside your bag.
According to their Instagram accounts stressful, but for many they decade, those who were growing go under the gun and Gras - Wikipedia Mardi Gras Cheap Halloween Costumes Cheap Costumes out for them if you're New Orleans - Wikipedia Amazon.
Before I went red, the for the part in one. com Great selection of Burlesque Halloween Costume Ideas … 10 beast costumes at an affordable made custom outfit that seems Homemade Halloween Costumes Cheap Halloween premade sword of his on … The 25 best Burlesque oftentimes different.
Otakon is the convention of Shop Canada costumes canadenses Archives Impressed Us at Comic Con the discretion of Anime Boston. This seems to have little is a costume that not an excuse for existing if Awesome Dog And Cat Halloween alone as a head-turning ensemble that you will look forward to dress in costumes that to Win.
This was a great year using your own measurements Cosplay, one piece aces hat. Material PVC Material PVC Dimensions Nigri cosplay.
From My Little Pony to the … Cosplay UK Store | Hello uniform eventually will make the high quality yet low budget video game character. RPublishing collaborates with many top be disassembled while moving to one piece aces hat, black glasses and brown.
"A story about Ichimura Tamito's life as the 'Natural Born Victim' which always draw 'Criminals' to him. "
// Provide alternate content for browsers that do not support scripting // or for those that have scripting disabled. Sorry, this photo gallery requires that scripting be enabled on your web browser and that the Adobe Flash Player be installed. Download the Adobe Flash Player
Rolls-Royce Cullinan: Off road in the world’s most expensive SUV November 8, 2018 3:04 pm Published by Breaking News Leave your thoughts
The Rolls-Royce Cullinan is the 114-year-old brand’s first SUV and it will start at $325k. See the Cullinan drive up... View Article
Luxury automaker Rolls Royce unveiled its first SUV, the Cullinan. Customers can get their hands on it at the end... View Article
Rolls Royce redefines comfort in the Phantom February 8, 2018 7:51 pm Published by Breaking News Leave your thoughts
The all-new 2018 Phantom is Rolls Royce’s largest and most luxurious car. At a starting price around $450,000, the Phantom... View Article
LG Display makes a 65-inch TV that actually rolls up January 9, 2018 5:22 pm Published by Breaking News Leave your thoughts
One of the craziest concept TVs we’ve seen at CES 2018, it can hide out of sight by rolling up... View Article
Google Pixel 2 impresses, Microsoft rolls out new Surface Book October 18, 2017 12:42 pm Published by Breaking News
The most important stories in tech include reviews of the new Google Pixel 2 and 2 XL. Meanwhile, Microsoft unveils... View Article
Sphero Mini looks like a ping-pong ball, rolls like BB-8 September 29, 2017 12:03 pm Published by Breaking News
how to make money on online surveys | earn money online typing free registration | how to make real money online for free | earn money online home based job
This is something like Experts Exchange, except that it’s more general in nature. As a professional in just about any field, you can offer your expertise on JustAnswer. They are looking for professionals in various fields who will provide answers to reader’s questions. You can make money online by answering these questions and pointing people in the right direction to get the solutions that they need.
Webinars are quite possibly one of the most potent ways you can make an exorbitant amount of money online. Russell Brunson often says that if you do a webinar every single week for a year, you'll be a millionaire at the end of it. You'll need an audience to train and you'll need to know what you're talking about. Of course, this usually requires having a website and some semblance of an online presence.
Market your course: The beauty of using a course to make money online is that you can continue to sell it for as long as you’d like. Look for niche communities on Facebook, LinkedIn, or Reddit that might benefit from your content. Guest post on relevant blogs and sites. Look for anywhere you might be able to get in front of the right people. With just a few hours a month you can continue to generate sales.
Now, making money online should seem like a pleasurable activity. Why wouldn't we do just about anything to see things through, since it would be a major source of pleasure, right? Wrong. In the beginning, like anything else, we might get really excited about it. We might also set our hopes very high. But that all comes crashing down when we begin to fail.
However, if you're looking for realistic ways you can start earning money online now, then it really truly does boil down to seven paths you can take towards profit. Some will provide you with immediate results, helping you to address your basic monthly necessities such as rent, utilities and groceries, while others have the potential to transform your life by revolutionizing your finances in the long term.
Today, if you're at all serious about succeeding in any endeavor, whether online or offline, you have to deliver enormous amounts of value. Yes, you have to do the most amount of work for the least initial return. This is especially true online. Why? Because it takes time to build authority and create an audience, two primary ingredients necessary to succeed in the wonderful world of commerce on the web.
There are a variety of tasks that you may be asked to perform. This can include delivering documents, delivering food or restaurant meals, taking pictures of a building for a real estate developer, taking pictures of a menu in an upscale restaurant, or even delivering auto-parts. If you have a good working car (or even a good bicycle), time on your hands, and a lot of energy, this can be a real opportunity to make money online.
If you have experience with marketing, SEO, or a knack for getting people excited about the products and services you use on a regular basis, think about refining your skills and putting them to work making money online as a small business marketing consultant in your region—especially if you can become a local SEO expert and can help local clients rank higher in their search results.
While Etsy is fantastic for handmade goods that you’ve already created, if you’ve got killer designs that would look good on phone cases, t-shirts, or even wall hangings, pillows, and duvets, you can sell them on Society6 without paying anything to start. Society6 lets artists upload their designs and create their own shops where they choose what products their designs can be used on. That means one design can be used to make a whole range of awesome products that are printed and shipped on demand whenever someone buys from you. With top creators making thousands every month just from selling their designs.
Write pitches. If you have located a client for whom you want to write, send pitches, which are topic ideas for articles. Write pitches that not only show your expertise, but also demonstrate your enthusiasm for the topic.[21] First, read the publication to which you are sending pitches to familiarize yourself with what they publish. If applicable, identify a specific section and send our pitch to the appropriate editor. Also, include a brief summary of who you are.[22]
Being an online freelance writer is one type of skill that you can use to make money online. But there are a wide variety of other skills that can be used in a similar manner. Every website and blog on the Internet needs technical skills. This can include graphic design, web design, search engine optimization, social media marketing and promotion, content editing, and so much more.
If you are a creative type, then you could make money online by designing and selling crafty products on Etsy. Etsy sells a range of beautiful and original items from independent suppliers. Categories range from jewelry, clothes, and accessories, to art, collectibles, and vintage. So if you have some stunning crafty creations, Etsy is the perfect platform from which to sell from.
If you're serious about making money online, start a blog. Blogging is one of the easiest and most sustainable income sources. As long as the blog is setup the right way, in the right niche, with the right content targeted at the right audience, and the offer is complementary to the content, you could make a tremendous amount of passive income from a blog.
Alliance Wealth Management, LLC (“Alliance”) is a registered investment adviser offering advisory services in the State(s) of Illinois and in other jurisdictions where exempted. Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. The presence of this website on the Internet shall not be directly or indirectly interpreted as a solicitation of investment advisory services to persons of another jurisdiction unless otherwise permitted by statute. Follow-up or individualized responses to consumers in a particular state by Alliance in the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation shall not be made without our first complying with jurisdiction requirements or pursuant an applicable state exemption.
So, where are we supposed to turn to make money the legitimate way online? This isn't just about generating passive income; this is also about finding ways and means to create an active income through the conveniences afforded to us by the internet that will not only help us with our debt obligations, but also empower us to save, invest and get really rich in the future.
To get started with Amazon affiliate marketing you will need to sign up with Amazon Affiliates. Then subtly market products on your site that are relevant to your niche and will be of interest to your audience. Make sure you only endorse high-quality products. If your visitors make a purchase on your recommendation but are not impressed with the item, you could quickly lose followers.
There are many ways to get people onto your list. Lead magnets are one such resource. For example, you can build ebooks, checklists and cheat sheets. But you can also do content upgrades, such as PDF versions of an article with added resources in them, four-part video training series, and more. Think about your audience and what you can offer them to better serve them, then treat them with some respect and you'll eventually reap the rewards.
2. InboxDollars – InboxDollars is similar to Swagbucks, since you’re going to be taking surveys, shopping, etc., so if you want to maximize your return, sign up with both websites. They also offer a search engine that pays you (like Swagbucks) and you get $5 just for signing up. I won’t continue to list survey sites one after another down the list, but if you want to get paid to take surveys, also check out GlobalTestMarket, E-Poll Surveys and Survey Club.
Need more ideas on how to make money online? Another strategy is using webinars to market your product, service, or course. I’ve done webinars to promote my financial planning practice and to drum up interest in my online course for financial advisors. With a webinar, you’re basically offering a lot of tips and advice for free — usually in a live format. At the end though, you pitch your paid product or service with the goal of securing a few deals.
how to make extra money online | fast ways to make money online for free | earn money online in pakistan by playing games | how to earn money fast online for free
If you have experience as a personal assistant, secretary, admin assistant, or something in a similar field, then becoming an online PA may be a great role for you. Many professionals want someone to help organize their business and personal affairs. Jobs could include sending emails, managing financial affairs, booking flights and arranging day to day activities. If you are interested in this line of work there are many PA agencies that are crying out for reliable assistants.
Creating and selling courses on your blog can be a successful way to make money online. The course itself should be relevant to your blog, and based on a topic that will benefit your audience. Although it may take time to create the course in the first instance, once completed, you can then repeatedly make money from the course each time you sell it.
The PENNY HOARDER℠, ℠, and ℠ are service marks of Taylor Media Corp. Other marks contained on this website are the property of their respective owners. Taylor Media Corp. is not licensed by or affiliated with any third-party marks on its website and they do not endorse, authorize, or sponsor our content except as noted herein. Please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
In addition to interacting with friends and strangers, social networking platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Snapchat can be used to make money. Companies and popular brands pay social media strategists to further boost the popularity of their products. With lots of competition around and the constantly shortening of attention time of online viewers, creativity is essential to create posts, videos etc that can go viral quickly and enhance the brand value. Remember, social media needs dedicated time and energy to stay relevant. Hence, you need to share posts regularly and interact with your followers on a regular basis.
Build up a following on your Instagram account and you could quickly be making extra money online. Major brands, gear companies, and even startups are willing to shell out $500-$5,000+ per post to get in front of your audience. While it’s getting harder and harder to build a massive Instagram audience, if you already have a solid niche and are posting quality content regularly, with a few small tweaks you can make yourself an influencer. Check out this awesome article from Shopify on how to build and grow your Instagram following to get started.
My next self-funded business hit $160,000 in revenue in its first year alone. After that first taste of self-made success, I’ve gone on to sign consulting contracts worth tens of thousands of dollars with startups like LinkedIn and Google, launch profitable online courses, and build a following of hundreds of thousands for this blog and my podcast series.
Do you love getting refunds? How cool would it be to get money back on stuff you’ve already bought without having to do a thing? Paribus is a service that lets you find out if stores you’ve shopped at online owe you a refund.  It’s free to sign up. Paribus connects to your email account and checks your receipts.  If they find out a retailer has dropped their price they file a price adjustment claim for you.  Try out Paribus.
Do you constantly come up with witty one-liners? Do you dream of the days of Mad Men-style advertising? If you’ve got some branding chops or just come up with imaginative copy, there are lots of opportunities to make money online through company naming and slogan contests. If you think you have a knack for names check out namingforce.com and squadhelp.com. If you dream of coming up with witty copy, try coming up with company slogans on Slogan Slingers and Get a Slogan.
If you are a fast reader and have a good grasp of grammar and language then editing may be a good freelance role for you. Editing is a great way to quickly make money online, and there are always editing jobs available on the freelance job sites. Editor’s usually get paid per word, so the faster you can check through work the more money you will make per hour.
Do you see all of those articles, tutorials and guides all over the Internet? Somebody wrote every one of them! If you have decent writing ability (no, you don’t need a journalism degree!), and knowledge in a few specific topic areas, you can be one of those writers. It’s an opportunity to make money online and without ever leaving your home. It’s also the kind of venture that can start out as a small side business, but grow into a full-time career.
If you’re a skilled worker in a specific niche, like marketing, design, or software development, there are specialty marketplaces that cater just to you. These are amazing places to make money online as you know that the people visiting them are looking specifically for the skills you have. Check out places like 99Designs or Dribbble for designers, Cloudpeeps for marketing and SEO professionals, and TopTal, Crew, or Gigster for high-level software developers. Once you've built up your development skills, you can begin building a brand for yourself as a higher-value consultant and start charging brands for larger projects like implementing an entire WordPress security overhaul or migrating a website from http to https.
If you have a background in marketing and a passion for a particular niche, then organizing a virtual event may be just up your street. A virtual event could span across a day or longer. Individual live sessions would be run by experts in the field. And conference features would include live question and answer sessions, forums, and plenty of free giveaways. Visitors to the virtual event would pay to attend, so the more effective your promotion of the event the more money you would make.
Clearly, there's a lot of demand on Amazon, and if any product is going to sell, it's going to sell well on Amazon. But the goal here is to source the right products that will easily sell at the world's largest online retailer. Generally, products between $10 and $50 sell very well here. Just be sure to do the right market research before jumping on this bandwagon.
free ways to make money online now | ways to make money online as a teenager | can you really make money online surveys | easy earn money online without any investment
Proz.com is a site where you can get paid to translate all kinds of documents, including files and even conversations. The site provides you with an opportunity to list your services as a translator. They offer opportunities in Spanish, German, Italian, Chinese, Arabic, Japanese and other languages, and specialize in legal, medical, technical and other fields.
If writing books interests you, an option you have is to self-publish eBooks and paperbacks with Kindle Direct Publishing, and reach millions of readers on Amazon. Publishing takes less than 5 minutes and your book appears on Kindle stores worldwide within 24-48 hours. One can earn up to 70 percent royalty on sales to customers in the US, Canada, UK, Germany, India, France, Italy, Spain, Japan, Brazil, Mexico, Australia, and so on. One can keep control of one's rights and set their own list prices and also make changes to one's books at any time. BooksFundr and Pblishing.com are two other places to get your book published and earn money.
The money is most certainly in the list. If you're at all interested in online marketing, setup email software and create a lead magnet that you can use in your sales funnel. Then, build up that list. It's often said that you can expect to earn about $1 per subscriber per month. If you have a list of 10,000 subscribers, that means you can earn roughly around $10,000 per month. You will need to deliver value and not pitch them on every email, but it is a very achievable goal in a short period.
Upwork: This website offers a great marketplace for selling just about any professional service. You don't need a merchant account, website of your own or anything else for that matter. All you need to do is be able to provide a high-quality service at a reasonable price. But be informed, you will have to compete with many others that are constantly bidding on open jobs.
Whether it’s an important consumer application, a specialist app to solve a particular niche problem, or even a time-wasting game you can play on your phone, you can create a massively successful business if you build software that helps people. (Look at the rise of Slack—the team communication software that went from side project to billion-dollar company in just 2 years.)
Find a profitable niche: We’ve talked about this a lot. But, where are you most comfortable. What niche do your skills, values, and interests intersect? Do you have 10 years of experience as a technical writer? Do you have long-standing PR relationships that’ll be invaluable in helping startups launch a successful crowdfunding campaign? Determine what makes your value unique, and lean heavily on showcasing that strength to your potential clients.
Selling digital products can be just as successful as selling physical products. Graphics, software, eBooks, design elements, sound effects, songs and videos are just a few types of digital products that are in popular demand. So if you can turn your hand to creating digital products, let’s have a look at how you can make money online from this skill…
There is enough material available online to help create your own website. This includes choosing the domain, templates, and the design for your website. Once ready to service the visitors with the relevant content, sign up for Google Adsense, which when appear on your website and clicked by visitors help you make money. The more the traffic you get on your website, the more will be the potential for higher earnings.
If you've developed valuable skill sets or picked up certifications within your industry over the years, offering your consulting services to local business owners can be a lucrative way to make money online. Whether you're an expert marketer, business strategist, or manufacturing aficionado, there's likely a local business owner who's willing to pay you to help them solve an issue with their company. Start with this 18-step checklist to becoming a local business consultant from Karyn Greenstreet and then use my guide to crafting an effective cold email to convince them to hire you.
Like talking to people and helping walk them through problems? You can bring in extra income as a contract customer support superstar for companies all over the world. Due to the 24/7 nature of online businesses, companies are looking for people in different time zones to help deal with issues that their users are having. Better yet, if you have experience in service or retail you’ll be perfectly suited. Check out indeed or the other remote job boards I listed earlier to find opportunities.
Matched Betting (not available in the USA) enables you to gamble (nearly) risk-free. I say nearly as there is always room for error! It involves placing bets on all outcomes of an event, using free online bets given out by the Bookies. Although it may take a while to get your head around the concept, Matched Betting can make a substantial addition to your monthly income.
Starting a podcast, like making a YouTube channel or blog, comes down to telling interesting stories and building an engaged audience. I’m probably sounding like a broken record by now, but you need a niche that you’re interested in and there’s already a demand for. Come up with a list of topics you’d like to talk about and then search iTunes charts, Google Trends and other podcast research sites like cast.market to see what’s currently out there and popular.
If you’re serious about making money selling things online, it’s pretty much impossible to not recommend Shopify. The platform gives you everything you need to get your online store up and running in less than a day including a custom domain, beautiful templates (so you don’t need design skills), secure payment options, and they can even take care of marketing and shipping for you. Whether you’re selling your own products, designs, or curating other products for people in your niche, Shopify is the best option for powering your online store.
There are several websites offering money to undergo online surveys, carry out online searches, and write reviews on products. To get the credit, one needs to disclose certain information to them including one's banking details. This is why you should use this route with utmost care. Some of them may even ask you to register with them before working on projects. The most important watch out in such projects is to stay away from websites offering money that appears too good to be true. Be careful while evaluating the reputation of the website as many of them could be a scam. Most sites promote businesses showing copies of cheque payments which may have been given to the middlemen only.
Now, if you don’t know people who might want your coaching services, there are a number of online tools and communities that make it incredibly easy to find clients and teach, on just about any topic area you can think of. Community driven platforms like Savvy.is, Clarity.fm, and Coach.me provide you with a network of potential clients to interact with, as well an integrated payment solution.
Using Fiverr is a great way to pick up work. Once you have signed up you can advertise your services. Fiver allows you to create your own gigs, whether you are offering web design, digital marketing, writing, or something else. You can choose how much you want to charge (it can be more than a fiver) and people will then contact you if they are interested in working with you. Fiverr will not only help you get experience if you are just starting off as a freelancer, it will also help you earn some extra cash.
Wow! Wow! Wow! We have the mother of all cleansing scrub recipes! Our Luscious Scrub DOES NOT turn hard or oily even after sitting a week! I can't say enough about it! Soft, soft skin! Samples have been sent out and my family has been using this scrub for a month and we are getting back nothing but glowing comments! Please keep in mind this is a cleansing, exfoliating sugar scrub, not an oily scrub.
New reader here! Absolutely love the look and feel of your blog, it reminds me of a fairytale or a whimsical dream. The photo kind of reminds me of something I'd read from C.S. Lewis...:) Lovely.
Jacob: Well I was brought out to Southwold for my 15th birthday. As we were returning home, we met with a hitchhiker. Then, my father offered him a ride but I did not agree with him as there was a mental asylum nearby. So, I thought he was one of the lunatics that snuck out.
Jacob: I thought he was a murderer when he first was dressed suspiciously. Also, I glanced at his wrist and noticed a thick, dark substance. I confirmed it was blood. Later on, he revealed a silverish object and I knew it was a knife.
Jacob: After I noticed all the suspicious features of him, I had the gut feeling that he had the intention of killing my whole family. To prevent that from happening, I got to position and kicked him out of the car.
Jacob: After he got kicked out, a tractor trailer came from the opposite side and grinded him into minced meat. That was the last time I saw him. Soon after that, my father immediately stopped the car and was in shock. He then talked to the tractor driver to help him with calling the police.
Jacob: They told me that he was just a gardener, and that his real name is Mr Renrick, but I did not believe them, as I saw all the real features of him, and that “Rellik” spelled backwards is “Killer”.
Jacob: *sigh* Eddy, he was a great older brother. Sadly, he died young. The reason for it was that I pushed him down train tracks and he got run over. My parents told me that it was just an accident, but they were wrong. It was me, it was me who killed him.
St Oswald’s Academy Trust is an exempt charity. It is a Company limited by guarantee registered in England & Wales under company registration number 8924383. Registered Office Address: Normanby Road, South Bank, Middlesbrough TS6 6SP
If, as parent of a pupil attending this school, you require a paper copy of the information on this website, we shall provide this free of charge.
The three most important elements in a successful dealership are people, processes and pay plan. The benefit of the right performance-based pay plan is that it not only can improve dealership performance but also reduce employee turnover.
“What motivates associates to stay at a dealership is earnings, a feeling of recognition, a feeling of value they bring to the organization and seeing the tangible results of what they produce,” says Scott Gunnell, director of sales administration/strategy at JM&A Group.
A performance-based pay plan gives associates an opportunity every day to decide how much money they want to make, JM&A Division Manager Rob Neri explains.
“You’re motivated to find what is best for the customer and make an honest profit for the dealer,” he says. “That’s rewarding.”
Since pay plan is such a vital part of a dealership’s success, it needs to be approached thoughtfully.
“It all starts with the vision of the dealer and where he wants to take the business,” Gunnell says.
For a pay plan to work effectively, it needs synergy between departments and personnel. As an example of how a pay plan can have associates working against each other, sales managers might be paid on gross profit, while the primary component of the sales associate’s pay plan is on volume. That puts them at crossed purposes and keeps them from working effectively as a team.
Specific to F&I, a pay plan should reward penetration and per vehicle retail. On the sales side, it focuses on volume and gross. Both departments will have key performance indicators.
Associates will respond much better if management explains the goals, the reasons for them and what the store is going to do to achieve them — and then shares the areas in which associates can earn additional dollars.
“What often creates challenges is the retail associates don’t think they can hit the objectives,” Gunnell says. “The dealer’s goal is to move the performance needle; maybe last year selling 20 cars a month made you $10,000 a month. This year, 25 makes you $10,000, but 30 makes you $20,000. That top tier is designed to motivate you to push to a high level of performance.”
One key is to make the incentives sufficiently motivational while providing the tools — an adequate advertising budget, floor plan for sufficient inventory, new products, and sales training — to help make the incentives attainable. With that kind of support, management can legitimately tell associates that the ball in their court.
“How do you feel if, month and month out, you’re not hitting the higher tiers? It’s demotivational,” Gunnell says. “It’s easy to say the house needs to lower the bar. The real solution is to ask yourself what you can do to change your behavior to meet these goals.”
Changing pay plans too often. It’s appropriate to revisit your pay plan annually, maybe twice a year — or when something significant happens, such as buying a new dealership. Anything more than that creates confusion and distrust.
“When pay plans get changed too frequently, F&I managers look at it like the dealer is looking for a way to cut their pay,” Neri says. “That’s normally not the case. It’s usually because the person hit their goals and the dealer wants to set new ones. When associates understand the goals, they understand why the goals are being adjusted.”
Not effectively communicating the plan. Without clear communication, F&I and sales associates can come away from the announcement of new goals feeling like their best wasn’t good enough — or worse, that they’re being punished because the dealer thinks they’re lazy.
Once the dealer sets the store’s goals, JM&A recommends that the general manager meet with the F&I managers, discuss where the store has been, where he plans to take it in the next year and how he plans to get there. “Ask them, ‘Do you see any reason why we can’t hit these number?’” Neri says. “You’re not talking about pay plan at this point. If you get buy-in on the objectives, then they’ll understand how they correlate to the pay plan.”
The final step should be one-on-one meetings with each finance manager “to show them how they can make more money by following the process better than they ever have. When we roll out a new pay plan, we’ll go in and sit the desk with the finance manager for a couple of days,” Neri says. “When they see that the goals are easily hit, it becomes a positive versus a negative.”
Paying a flat percentage or a guarantee. Another typical mistake is paying F&I managers a flat percentage of the revenue they generate. That doesn’t motivate them. The better the F&I manager performs, the more opportunity they should have to make money.
Even less motivating is to bring on an F&I manager or a sales associate and give them a guarantee. “If they’re guaranteed a certain amount of money without being held to a performance standard, there is no motivation to meet goals and objectives,” Neri says.
When a dealer sets clear financial goals and objectives, it gets everyone on the staff moving in the right — and the same — direction. For JM&A Group customers, the easiest way to set goals is to enlist the help of your JM&A district manager.
“As part of doing business with us, we do an annual profit gap analysis,” Gunnell says. “It compares like stores in like areas and manufacturers to give our dealers goals that are realistic and attainable. Sometimes the pay plan you have in place is already working. We can directly correlate that to the individual F&I manager.”
“F&I managers shouldn’t have giant surprises in their paychecks,” Neri says. “If you have a daily report, the F&I managers know exactly where they are and how much money they’ve made. When they start doing well, they gain momentum. That’s the whole idea. If they’re not doing well, they know that too. You can easily pinpoint opportunities and training needs.”
Want to speak directly to your customers from this page? Enhance your listing and you can share news, notes and press releases about your venue right here. Have a great private party room that won't break the bank? A new date-worthy patio? Tell your fans -- and new customers -- about it, in your own words.
Share your latest food and drink deals, store offerings and ticket promotions with Metromix readers, right here, by enhancing your venue listing. Adding specials is part of our enhanced listings package.
Have a great private party room for groups or special occasions? Enhance your listing for the opportunity to have Metromix users contact you directly from this space on your page.
Sign in to your Metromix account to claim this listing and edit your basic info and add photos. New to the site? Create an account with us first. It's free and quick!
Sign in to your Metromix account to reserve a table. New to the site? Create an account with us first. It's free and quick!
Sign in to your Metromix account to edit your basic info and add photos. New to the site? Create an account with us first. It's free and quick!
Create an account to write reviews, claim your business listings and much more. Already have an account? Sign In .
Notice is hereby given that the Board of Directors of the Chicago Infrastructure Trust will meet on Friday, July 19, 2013 at 10:00 A.M. at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business Gleacher Center, 450 North Cityfront Plaza Drive, Room 306, Chicago, IL 60611.
Discover Steampunk exhibit Category: Other Event Date: Friday, May 11th - Sunday, January 6, 2019 at varies each day Museum of Idaho presents Discover Steampunk exhibit from varies each day on Friday, May 11th - Sunday, January 6, 2019 at Museum of Idaho, 200 N. Eastern Ave., Idaho Falls, ID 83402 This year, step into the future . . . of the 1800s. Experiment with interactive technology dreamed up by Jules Verne, H.G. Wells, and others then, and brought to life now for the first time. This never-before-seen exhibit has its world premiere at MOI, where it promises to be one of the museum's most beautiful and innovative exhibits ever. Sponsored by: Venue: Museum of Idaho Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Telephone: 208-522-1400 Website: www.museumofidaho.org Rating: PG Address: 200 N. Eastern Ave., Idaho Falls, ID 83402 Contact: Jeff Carr, 208-757-2516, This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Map Of Europe Cities billboard can be any piece of work, upon a large sheet of paper, in reality printed and formatted to the scale that it looks presentable, decent and a treat to the beholder's eye. Map Of Europe Cities are an item of great use and joy. They are in reality in the form of a large sheet of paper, usually in rectangular or square involve that can be hung upon a wall or a door.
Map Of Europe Cities mostly contain a take steps of art, a characterize or represent utter humour grating to prove a tapering off or are explaining an issue. Posters are as a consequence used just about the world for various purposes apart from decorating. As posters even declare slogans and viewpoints they can can be used as a portal of buildup expression.
Tags: #map of europe with cities and airports #map of europe with cities hd #map of major cities of europe
· Hipshakes have released records on key diy/Punk labels, including Goner Records (run by Eric from The Oblivions), Tic Tac Totally!, Die Slaughterhaus, Art For Blind, and Crocodile Records and subsequently put out their first full-length LP in 2007 with influential Garage Label Slovenly Records.
· The ‘Shot’/’Samba’ 7" single was recorded and mixed by Sam Stacpoole (The Black Tambourines) and Ben Woods (The Golden Dregs) in Falmouth, Cornwall. It was mastered by Mikey Young of Total Control and Eddy Current Suppression Ring.
· Members of The Hipshakes also play in a number of other bands: Proto Idiot, Horrid, Thee Mightees, Bruce & Carl, and Freak Genes.
· The band are gearing up for a tour of America in October, which will include their third performance at the hugely respected Goner Fest in Memphis and an in-store at Jack White’s Third Man Records.
The Hipshakes from Bakewell (now based in Manchester), are a British garage punk institution from the crazed teenage yowlings of their Debut ‘Shake Their Hips’ (Slovenly), to the exuberant punk pop of ‘Snake’ (Art For Blind), really good Hipshakes records have been the norm for a long time. We at Nerve Centre are over the bloody moon to be putting out a 7” by these guys; especially one of this quality.
First track ‘Shot’ has the immediacy of Wire in late seventies euphoric mode, combined with that thing which makes a Hipshakes track instantly recognisable. ‘Samba’ is a power-punk stormer, all climbing guitars and last-gasp singing. On first listen it made me want to pull over my car and stand on the roof while shaking my arms around. Both tracks were recorded in Nerve Centre’s hometown of Falmouth, Cornwall, by local legends Ben Woods and Sam Stacpoole (Black Tambourines, Holiday Ghost), and were mastered by Mikey Young of Total Control and Eddy Current Suppression Ring.
With a tour of America and a slot at Goner Fest coming in October, one thing’s for sure: The Hipshakes will continue to bang out bona fide hits for a long time to come. We are just glad to hold two captive on Nerve Centre for the second instalment of our 7” series.
Make sure you don't miss out on the latest Easy Action news. Join our mailing list to receive our newsletter.
My son ran to give me a hug, but didn't see that first step...this picture captures the moment before he realized he was falling SCORE 78
This site is no longer active, but is provided as an archive. Please be aware all links may not work.
A short article in The Hindu’s Business Line about IBM’s corporate use of virtual worlds, including international team meetings in Second Life:
“People use their avatars to immerse themselves in the meeting. Despite being scattered around the globe, they can come together in a way that is more like an in-person meeting. Creating a collaborative culture across a diverse and global workforce is the best way to achieve common goals.” – Simon Thomas, CRM Leader, IBM India
This would seem to echo some of the conclusions of Forrester’s recent research. As more people work in multi-national and multi-organisational teams, and more people work from home or remote locations, we’ll need to look for more ways to recapture the sense of being a team that might otherwise be lost.
Our current health care system is designed to pay for volume – the number of medical services delivered – not the value of those services. Value is far more important; it considers the results of the services provided in exchange for the costs incurred. Today physicians and hospitals are not financially rewarded for delivering high quality care. They also have little incentive to work together to improve the patient’s overall health and experience in the health care system. The Pacific Business Group on Health engages in policy and advocacy, partnerships and pilots that pay for value, improving the quality and efficiency of care while also containing costs.
Throughout California, hospital prices are rising rapidly, but studies show there is no correlation between the most expensive hospitals, and the quality of care provided. For example, a recent story on NPR found that it was a hospital’s clout, not its performance or quality that dictated premiums.
The California Public Employee’s Retirement System (CalPERS), who provides health coverage to more than 1.6 million Californians each year, needed to create a system to encourage their members to use higher quality, lower cost hospitals. In 2005, CalPERS removed some of the costliest hospitals from its HMO networks, saving an estimated $252 million over five years.
Here is a list of my essential packages you will need for data science with Python. I will expand the list as I go.
This is my favourite flavour of Python. It contains everything you need for data analysis and machine learning. The main things I use which are included are…
This is a fantastic package for visualising your data. It has a good mix of some statistical features too. Have a look here.
10.00 am The Tuesday Café in the narthex. Our café for people living with memory loss or dementia and their carers: Hot drinks, cakes, biscuits, music, memories, singing, stories, and more...
10.00 – 11.30 am Parent & Baby will meet until 21st December. All mums/or dads with their babies are welcome. For any information please contact Muriel 2551473 or Jean 2550198
This service will include 2 celebrations: the presentation to John Harding of a certificate to mark 40 years as a Local Preacher, and a service of thanksgiving for Ruby Illingworth.
Media Officer Clare Loughridge has been appointed as our Media Officer and will now be in charge of promoting SAPLC! So if you’re running an event, or have any ideas that would help us to become better known in the community, please contact her at clare@standrewspsalterlane.org.uk or follow her on Twitter. And why not visit our SAPLC Facebook page ?
Holy Habits The book about exploring discipleship, mentioned by Judith on Sunday 22nd April, is now available in the church library and is also being used by our Housegroups this winter.
Sheffield Church Action on Poverty Summer Update If you would like to read this report on the year’s work, please email the Church Office at office@standrewspsalterlane.org.uk who can forward it to you. In addition, Church Action on Poverty produce a news sheet which collates recent updates from there work - you can read the latest copy here.
Methodist Conference 28-30 June There are copies in the narthex of the Conference Business Digest – please take and read and find out what was discussed and decided. Or read it here.
Baby Basics - Reaching out to the least, last and the lost in Sheffield with God’s love and practical help Please donate items for a new baby, to be given to new mothers in vulnerable situations. See here for more information. You will find a blue box for donations in the narthex. Trustees wanted - please see flyer
St Cuthbert's Firth Park Food Bank collection The Food Bank box is in the Narthex (and there is also a box in Shirley). Pictures on the side show the sort of non-perishable groceries that they would like.
Clifford School Appeal We have been asked to help collect empty, clean 2 litre plastic bottles (the kind that are used for pop or mineral water, not milk!) to build an eco-greenhouse. There is a poster in the narthex along with a box for the bottles.
City of Sanctuary would be grateful if you could help them raise money, by bringing us your used ink cartridges - the little ones with a metallic strip on top. An organisation called ThinkInks will then collect them, send them for recycling and share 50% of the proceeds with City of Sanctuary. One shoe-box full can raise £75 - an environmentally-friendly way of raising cash.
Wanted: Pallets, preferably in good condition. This is to enable us to set up a more organised composting facility. Please inform John on 258 8932, or cripps@uwclub.net
Universal Credit coming to Sheffield soon - Please read Anne Hollows’ information about this important matter and the problems it can cause. We can help in various ways:
Food banks: there is likely to be a 50% crease in demand for food banks, so please be extra-generous.
Silent Vigil for Peace St Peter’s and St Oswald's, Millhouses. A silent vigil for peace takes place every second Saturday of the month at 12 noon in the Quiet Garden at St Oswald's Church on Bannerdale Road, S7.
Interfaith Food and Friendship Dinners Join us for both food and friendship. Bring and/or share some food on a summer evening; eat, drink and make new friends. People of all faiths (and food traditions), or none, are most welcome. Sheffield Interfaith welcomes everybody who would like to come. In the Shirley House Interfaith Centre, Shirley House, 31 Psalter Lane, Sheffield S11 8YL. Future dates are: 26 November, 19 December, 24 January and 19 February. If you have not attended before, these are bring and share dinners. To be inclusive of varying dietary requirements, most dishes are vegetarian (though it is fine to bring meat dishes as long as you indicate this). We love to share traditional dishes from different cultures. A kettle, microwave and oven are available to finish off or heat up contributions that need this. Savoury and sweet foods are both popular; there is no need to book or inform anybody of what you wish to bring, but if you have any queries please contact the Sheffield Interfaith website or the St Andrews Psalter Lane Church Office on 0114 267 8289. These dinners are organised and hosted by Sheffield Interfaith, they are not Shirley House Interfaith Centre events. Shirley House Interfaith Centre is open to all faiths and everybody, it is not a membership group.
Working Parties Thank you to eveyone who helped at the Working Party on Thursday. The next Working Parties wil be on Saturday 1st and Thursday 6th December.
Voices of Iraq – Stories of trauma, survival and hope on Friday 16th November at St Peter & St Oswalds, corner of Bannerdate Rd at 7.00pm. Free entry with donation – all welcome, free refreshments. To book email or phone by Tues 19th anjesus@postmaster.co.uk or phone 2509716.
Open House at St Chad’s Church, Linden Avenue, Woodseats, S8 0GA 7.30 – 9.00 pm on Friday 16th November Meet the team, homemade baked goods, building plans, specialist coffee, fundraising presentation and live music. To book tickets see here.
Rise and Shine – It is time to have a Turkish Breakfast. The Summit Dialogue Society are hosting a an “Acquaintance Breakfast” on Sunday 18th November at 10.30 at 5 Birch Road, Sheffield, S9 3XL. RSVP – sheffield@dialoguesociety.org
Islamic Society of Britain event at SAPLC "Families of Faith" is an interfaith event organised by the Islamic Society of Britain in partnership with SAPLC, to take place at SAPLC from 6.00 - 8.00 pm on Tuesday 20th November. For catering purposes, please confirm attendance with Abdool Gooljar, aq.gooljar@isb-sheff.org.uk and 07930 313 773.
Charter for Education At the beginning of the Islamic Society of Britain event on 20th November, SAPLC will host the launch of a Charter for Education, put together by Huw Thomas, Diocesan Director of Education, and agreed by the Sheffield Faith Leaders' Group. Everyone is welcome to attend. Please see here for the wording of the Charter.
“My Favourite Story from our Scriptures” – 7.30pm on Wednesday 21st November. A ‘Show & Tell’ evening at Shirley House Interfaith Centre
Global Justice Now - Quaker Meeting House, Saturday 24th November at 1.00pm-4.30pm. A film screening and discussion entitled “Fire in the Blood” depicting the obstruction by Western pharmaceutical companies to provide low cost antiretroviral drugs used for the treatment of HIV/AIDS to people in Africa. A light lunch and refreshments provided. Book a free place at globaljusticesheffield@gmail.com
Interfaith Walk(ley) – on Saturday 24th November at 200pm. Starts at the Spiritualist Church on South Road, S6 3TA. See here for more information.
Woman’s Interfaith event Interfaith Mawlid at St Mary's Church, Bramall Lane, on Saturday 25th November, 1.00 - 3.00 pm. See here for more information.
'Pull out all the stops' Organ Recital at St Augustine's 27th November at 7.30 pm; free entry and refreshments. See here for more information.
MHA Southcroft Christmas Fayre Saturday 1st December, 11.00 am – 1.00 pm. Everyone is welcome to come and see our stalls, enjoy refreshments, and visit the alpacas!
Christian Aid Carol Singing is in Fargate on Saturday 1 December and SAPLC singers are asked to support from 2.00 - 3.30 pm. As usual, shopping bags may be left safely in Central URC. Last year £1,305 was raised for Christian Aid, which was matched by the government so it’s well worth doing.
Music! Music! Music! You are invited to an evening of music in the Southcroft Lounge at 6.30 pm on Saturday 8th December. The Southcroft Singers and musicians and singers from SAPLC will be taking part and refreshments will be provided. Everyone welcome – invite your family and friends! Free entry although donations to charity will be greatly appreciated. For more information speak to Janet Clarke (Southcroft flat 15) or John Booler (2587697)
Traditional Jazz Concert Saturday 8th December at St Oswald’s Church, from 7.00pm to 9.30pm. Starring Mart Radger and Manchester Jazz Band. £10 per Ticket - C 0114 2353766 or at the Door - see here for more information.
Sheffield Carols - we are holding our annual Sheffield Carols evening at SAPLC on Thursday 13th December, 6.00-9.00pm. Sheffield carols, live music, refreshments, gift stalls and raffle.
A History of Sheffield Interfaith – Origins and Early Years, by Debjani Chatterjee For those of us who have more recently become involved in interfaith activities in Sheffield it is very interesting to read about how and why Sheffield Interfaith came into being and some of the people who made it happen. Debjani Chatterjee was involved from before the beginning and wrote this brief, but very interesting, history of Sheffield Interfaith. Why not have a look, and sign up for notifications of interfaith events around Sheffield? Or ask the Church Office (Anna Harvey, Barbara Booler, Janet Loughridge) to print a copy for you.
The Tuesday Café: Our café for people living with memory loss or dementia and their carers is open on Tuesdays, 10.00 a.m. - 12.00 noon, in the Narthex. If you would be interested in volunteering to help on Tuesday mornings or to bake a cake or buns for the café occasionally, please speak to Judith Roberts
Mothers Union If you are interested in going to St Oswald’s Mothers Union meetings, here are some dates:
- St. Oswald's M.U.: - 20 November at 2.00 pm; please note that if people would really like to meet but cannot make these dates or the time is unsuitable, PLEASE contact Sally and she will try and arrange a different date and/or time as they would love to meet other folk interested in this great world-wide movement.
- Diocesan Events: - The first Friday in every month in the Cathedral for coffee and scones 10.15 am - 12.00 noon;
Banner Cross Lunch and Friendship Club is open to anyone over 60 in the local area. We meet every Tuesday from 12.15 pm and provide a 2 course meal plus tea or coffee and entertainment for around 45 minutes, closing at 2.30 pm. The cost of the meal is £4.00pp with a charge of £1.50 if we provide transport. Booking is essential. We also need volunteers to drive, cook, serve and wash up. Drivers are paid a mileage allowance. If this is of interest to you either as a member or a volunteer, please contact: Ian McCollough on 266 2035/07891 290389 or email ian.mccollough@yahoo.co.uk or Steve Woodcock on 2667701/07902 097774 email woody176@hotmail.com.
Ecosia: as an alternative to Google, and as a really easy way to be eco-friendly, use https://www.ecosia.org as your Internet search engine. Every time you use it, Ecosia plant more trees. At the time of writing, the number of trees planted is over 40 million!
An exceptionally legendary Golf Course reserved for Stanford Alumni in the best season of the year !
The Scramble Biarritz Cup is a golf tournament aimed at developing closer friendships among Stanford alumni golfers. It was held for the first time in 2012 and is celebrated each year in August.
It is played under the Biarritz Scramble Two-Person rules (please read Rules and Strategy) because we want to encourage everyone and not run the risk of losing our good mood with strokes of bad luck. The main feature of Biarritz Scramble is that for every hole the pair must choose at least one stroke of each partner.
To access the photos and the results’ table of all the championships, please use the password that will be sent to you with your payment confirmation on the tab iAcceso, since we are treating this information as confidential.
There is limited capacity and priority will be given to Alumni members up-to-date with their 2018 membership.
For more information you can access at www.biarritzscramble-english.com. We can be contacted at marcelino.elosua@lideditorial.com or by phone during August at (+33) 5 59 22 04 87.
The registration fee is per person which covers everything, including green fee, trophies, presents and cocktail-dinner. A fee of 40€ applies to non-players coming only to the cocktail and the surprise presents lottery.
Find princess leia creampie sex videos for free, here on Our porn search engine delivers the hottest full-length scenes every time. This is a porn fanfic about Leia when she is a prisoner aboard the Death Star.
Royal Tube Porn's collection of Free Princess leia Porn Videos. Tons of hot Princess leia Porn Videos are waiting for you here. 100% free!!! Are you searching star wars xxx?Your Favorite Star Wars Characters in Porn Artwork and Sex Comics from Amidala to Princess Leia is here!
Leia in Lots Of Fingers Jan 12, 2014. Leia bends over in her zebra print dress. Surely this rape she is saying stop 2.
Porn pictures on game, cartoon or film Star Wars for free and without registration. Album Princess Leia Organa. The best collection of porn pics for adults. Tons of free Princess Leia porn videos and XXX movies are waiting for you on Redtube. Find the best Princess Leia videos right here and discover why our sex tube is visited by millions of porn lovers daily.
PICTOA is the best search engine for Leia Loves You Nude Porn Pics Leaked, XXX Sex Photos and Sex Images. The latest Tweets from Princess_Leia (18+) (@Princess_LeiaCM). [18+ #NSFW] I'm a real #porn princess from out of this world. Come and live your fantasy with me.
She felt her skirts beginning to flutter about, giving quite a view, especially from behind, and she not-so-subtly grabbed at them, trying to keep them in place. Princess Leia Blowjob Brunette Athletic. Pictures of Leia Loves You waiting for you in bed.
Watch Princess Leia Pornstar on , the biggest free porn tube. Coed Cherry has 151 galleries featuring Love Leia. Find the hottest Princess Leia porn videos on the planet at Thumbzilla, page 2. How do we know they're the hottest? Because the Zilla is the fucking King!
The girls are beautiful but this is not lesbianism. The top girl didn´t take her panties off for tribbing the other. Fake lesbians.
What to see: After visiting the Crazy house, the riders will take you to the country side road to the silkworm hamlet, there will be many things to see along the road such as: flower farm; panoramic views of the mountain pass; mulberry and coffee plantations; the process of making silk; a mushroom farm; rice wine making facility; Elephant falls and the Ede Minority village. Then at Dilinh take a visit of tea plantation. And then overnight at Bao Loc province.
What to see: Take time to visit the beautiful Dambri falls (90 meter) continue driving on Highway 20 take a visit Suoi Tien (fairy stream park) with spectacular views of mountainous areas, then getting through the jungle for the National park, Exploring the National Park - Botanical gardens - Visit Ta Lai - inhabited by ethnic minority communities Ma, Tay and S'tieng... at 7:00 pm, an arranged expedition of watching wild animals while traveling by jeep through the jungle for 1 hour at night.
What to see: A soft rider 24 km lead you through lead you through a mountainous are full of roadside plantations of black pepper garden, rubber tree and green coffee and cashew plantations, after get to the national highway 20 then you will visit the rock city name “Dinh Quan” with the volcanic crater known as Lava tubes, before getting into the busiest Sai Gon city, we also take a short visit at the floating house, rubber tree plantation, visit local house to see how to make rice paper and tobacco are making… get into Sai Gon at 16:30 end tour
Unbelievable, incredible and fascinating movie. There is a big list of movies in my head, I can't recommend most of them, but it ain't one. By far, this is the best movie I have ever seen in my life. The Watcher Self bring important thing for everyone, you should concentrate at the end to find it. If you gave this movie a bad note, you need a psychiatrist. I did not expected nothing from this movie before watching. Truly impressive and hilariously interesting movie. Yes it's true, you'll need to spent some time on wikipedia to understand every conversation. You don't need to register here to watch this movie online, it is available for free on your iphone and computer. The Watcher Self will stay for ever in hearts of many people, including me and you (I hope so).
Children’s Hearing & Speech Centre of BC is Registered Charitable Organization with Canada Revenue Agency and an Extraprovincial Society under the Society Act of BC.
outdoor shoe rack boot storage bench outdoor boot storage photo on outstanding outdoor boot storage bench shoe rack plans outdoor shoe rack bench.
outdoor shoe rack with seat bench singapore welly and shelf gardening storage,outdoor shoe rack ikea diy plans wellington boot cupboard storage store singapore,outdoor shoe rack diy designs plans entryway bench with storage indoor benches,outdoor shoe rack ideas nz storage cabinet bench,outdoor shoe rack nz diy metal designs shoes shelf with seat,clever shoes storage ideas that will save your time amazing outdoor shoe rack bench ikea designs,choosing proper outdoor shoe storage cabinet reviews homes rack bench plans ikea,the brilliant hacks every mom should know pallet storage shoe outdoor rack nz designs diy,outdoor shoe rack ikea blacksmith pottery barn nz ideas,outdoor shoe rack ideas designs nz corner.
New/unused in open box, this is an original Apple II SuperSerial Card for the Apple II, II+ and, IIe. Will also work in the Apple IIGS although it is general not needed! Comes complete with SuperSerial Card, hardware and manual.
♦ All Sales Are Final. I do my best to accurately describe my sales items. If you have any questions regarding an item that have not been answered in the text of this listing, please ask before purchasing.
♦ Ship to PayPal-provided Confirmed (verified) USA addresses ONLY (NO exceptions). Requests to ship to other-than-PayPal-provided addresses will not be acknowledged.
♦ S&H fees are non-negotiable. Shipping & Handling costs include the costs of shipping, packing materials, and PayPal handling fees.
♦ Buyer pays all S&H costs. S&H costs cited are for FedEx Ground/Home to addresses in the 48 lower States; Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories & non-FedEx-deliverable addresses (such as PO Boxes) will ship via USPS Priority Insured & MAY BE MORE. Email me your city/state/ZIP code before you purchase & I will gladly give you a S&H quote.
♦ Shipper alone is responsible for loss or damage during shipment. If damage occurs, buyer MUST retain ALL packing materials until the claim is successfully processed. Failure to cooperate will result in buyer forfeiting ALL claims against the seller & shipper. If item ships via FedEx, contact seller immediately & seller will process claim on your behalf with FedEx. If item ships via USPS, the buyer must present the damaged item and ALL packing materials to their local USPS office to file the claim, as per USPS policy.
♦ Once your item is shipped, you will receive a shipping confirmation email from me providing you the shipping details. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are able to receive this email. If you have a spam blocker which automatically spams the sender with a request for validation, please know that you will not receive the shipping confirmation as I do not respond to such spam requests.
♦ You must have a Blujay.com account in order to exchange feedback. Blujay.com accounts are totally $FR.EE so sign up!
♦ I do my best to ensure that my customers are satisfied campers. If there is a problem, please let me know immediately. Leaving negative feedback should always be the act of last resort, not first.
♦ It is up to the customer to decide when the transaction is completed & feedback is exchanged. Once the transaction is completed to your satisfaction, please leave feedback for me. Your feedback indicates that you are satisfied that the transaction is completed, and is the trigger for me leaving feedback for you.
For items received damaged/non-working, the shipper’s insurance covers all damages and your cooperation is required in order to successfully process the claim. Please note that with electronics, even though the shipping container shows no external damage, the item may arrived damaged due to extreme jarring, exposure to extreme temperatures, magnetic fields, etc. Please be sure you keep ALL packing materials & the shipping container until you are fully convinced that the unit is working properly and has not sustained any damage in transit.
Payment via PayPal ONLY. Valid email address & phone number is required. Please make sure that both are present on your PayPal payment.
We ship to North America ONLY. [If you reside outside North America, please contact us FIRST before placing your order.] S&H listed is for Lower 48 States. HI, AK, APOs and US Territories may be higher. Canada will be higher. Contact us prior to making PayPal payment and we will adjust your S&H accordingly. If actual S&H is more than $1.00 less than charged, we refund the overage paid via PayPal.
We ship ONLY to the PayPal-provided shipping address for both your safety and ours. Please do not ask us to ship to an address other than what PayPal provides. Make sure your PayPal shipping address is current & correct BEFORE making payment.
All items are tested to work properly prior to listing, unless otherwise specifically stated in the item's ad. Because vintage electronic components may go south without advance warning, The Apple2OnlineStore does not offer any extended warranties. Unless otherwise stated, hardware components and systems are guaranteed to work upon receipt. Buyers have 7 days from delivery to determine if their purchase is working properly or needs to be returned. If a return is necessary, contact us to receive an Return Merchandize Authorization.
Our store host - eBluejay - does not charge any fees whatsoever. Compare to eBay, which charges 10% fees on both the cost of the item AND shipping - which, through the wonders of compounding interest, result in a 13.5% increase in price to the customer. We do occasionally dual list an item so when you see one of our items on eBay, check her first as the price is usually less (and on larger items, significantly so!).
Our store policies are for our safety as well as your's! We like to work with our customers and be as flexible as is reasonably possible .If you have an issue with your order, please contact us as soon as possible in order to get a satisfactory resolution. Please realize that we, too, are human and make mistakes, as well as have family demands which occasionally make demands on our time.
Vintage electronics are subject to failure. Unless otherwise specifically stated in a listing, our items have been thoroughly inspected and tested and their condition is clearly stated in the listing. Please realize that vintage electronics are subjected to a variety of environmental conditions during transit: extreme temperatures, magnetic fields, rough handling, etc. If you receive a non-functional and/or physically damaged item, please contact us immediately as most items are insured against loss or damage. Please keep ALL packaging materials as the shipper requires you to present the damaged contents along with ALL packing materials for inspection. Your cooperation in submitting the contents to the shipper (USPS, FedEx, UPS) is required for successful insurance claims.
S.S.M. INDUSTRY is primarily focused on expanding the private sector enterprise by investing in alternative energy projects such as solar panels from waste. Our company is currently the leading industrial accessories and spare parts manufacturer such as wire racks, solar cell structure series, and so on. We provide service as the needs of customers. We have excellent quality management and engineer team specializing in computer design. Our factory contains high performance machinery for manufacturing standard products. If you would like to visit the factory or view our product samples, you can visit website our website: www.ssmindustry.com
From the team professional and experiences, it makes us enable to do a fast color proof, systematic, and good planning to handle customer requirements.
We choose to use the film from national leading manufacturer with quality certifcation including PVC, PET, and OPP
We use the 12 colors ROTOGRAVURE system printer including special color manipulation for the sake of high-speed printing.
We use cold storage for keeping product both before and after production to prevent film contraction and use temperature control vehicle for shipping product into customer hand.
From our experience and professional skill in our team, we enable to do color proving in a timeliness way. There is system and planning for supporting customer needs.
In April 2012, Pasco EDC established a community-based Microloan Fund (MLF) to be a loan source for Pasco County-based small businesses and help create a stronger economy, job opportunities and provide entrepreneurial education in our community.
Loan applicants apply by completing a loan application, blank copies of which may be downloaded here or requested through Pasco EDC. Interested microloan applicants are required to talk with a member of Pasco EDC staff for directions as to the application process and review the list of all required documentation for presentation to the Microloan Committee.
Loans are available up to an amount of $50,000 with a fixed interest rate. The term of loans may range from 12 months up to a maximum of 72 months and may not be a revolving line of credit.
Loans may not be used for the purchase of real estate or for refinancing existing debt (unless an incidental part of the loan total).
Collateral will be required to the extent available, up to the total value of the loan, though lack of collateral, in and of itself, will not be grounds for denial of the loan. Personal guarantees of borrower(s) and, if applicable, spouses will be required with respect to all loans.
The interest rate for SMARTstart Microloans is based on the term of the loan and the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate. Current rates* are:
Each borrower may be required to participate in technical assistance, which must include at least 1 hour of individual counseling with a Pasco EDC staff member or SCORE counselor for each quarter during the loan term. Additional technical assistance may be required as determined during the loan application process and may include programs offered from other organizations designated by MLF to provide this service, including specific business workshops or seminars.
By Christian Education, we refer to the teaching of basic Christian truths - the fact that God exists and is the Creator, that He is the God of Love, and that He wants to be our personal friend and savior through His son, Jesus. We teach these truths through daily Bible classes and weekly chapel services. In addition, our entire program is taught in an atmosphere acknowledging the existence, power, and love of God.
It is our purpose to provide our students with textbooks that are of the highest quality. The textbooks that best fit our criteria are those from A Beka Book and Bob Jones publishers. The students are held accountable to a high standard of performance in each of their classes.
How much more effectively would you promote your facial creams as a cosmetics firm, if you knew the gender, race and age of your target audience? If you are targeting your product to women, be sure that not all women look for creams for wrinkle removal, sun protection, acne reduction or rejuvenation – age and geography are determining factors here, as well as social status.
Unlike mass marketing, where you mass produce and mass promote your product, market segmentation is a strategy used in marketing to break down a larger target group into small clusters of consumers, to build an understanding of their unique characteristics and habits so that you can craft a customized marketing message appropriate for that particular consumer group.
Being able to combine your customers into a group with similar needs and wants will aid you in developing your tailored marketing mix. It will also make your communications efforts more effective as you know what communication channels would best deliver your message to them. Some of your clients may prefer a personalized approach, a telephone call for example, while others may favor a less invasive method such as television advertising.
One of the first things you should consider as a marketer is whether your target customers are individuals, businesses, or a combination of both. If you are dealing with the latter, your marketing message should be carefully refined to appeal to distinctly different types of needs.
Geographic segmentation means dividing your market into different zip codes (continents, countries, states, cities or even neighborhoods) and catering to specific needs and tastes in those particular areas. You may consider variables such as region, city, or whether your target market is in an urban city or in suburbia, and what weather patterns are typical to their geographies. Multinational companies are known to use geographic segmentation as they carefully adjust their marketing mix to meet the needs of their clients in a specified area.
You conduct a demographic analysis of your customers by dividing them up into groups using criteria such as gender, income, family size and cycle, education, job (blue collar or white collar), generation, nationality, ethnicity, social class and religion. You may not use all of these variables at once, but only those that are relevant to the product/service you offer.
Analyzing demographic differences of your target market will increase your understanding of your client’s buying behavior and will help you retain clients that could otherwise look for competing brands. Human needs, wants, habits and disposable incomes vary greatly, and even the same person may exhibit different behaviors and habits during different times in life. As a 20-year-old male, one may be attracted to a fast, bright-colored sports car, while a 30-year-old father of 2 is more likely to be concerned with the safety features of the car he is considering to purchase. Therefore, automobile companies benefit from information such as age, gender and income level of their target clients.
Psychographics looks into the psychology and demographics combined to understand consumer behaviors. Within the same demographic group, you will find people with varying psychographic cases. Psychographic segmentation therefore entails separating your market into segment groups on the basis of your customers’ personality characteristics and lifestyle.
Looking into personality characteristics such as traits and habits and segmenting your target customers according to their level of competitiveness, or whether they are introvert or extrovert is especially convenient when there are many similar products competing with one another, and other segmentation variables may not play a big role in the study.
Analysis of lifestyle further divides markets into various clusters on the bases of interests, opinions, activities and beliefs. Generally, furniture, clothing and alcoholic beverages companies use this segmentation type as it further helps them understand clients’ predisposition to purchase one product over another.
In behavioral segmentation, customers are segmented according to their knowledge of a product, attitude towards it, use of a product, or response to it. Occasions, user status, usage rate, loyalty status, buyer-readiness stage and attitude are frequently used behavioral segments.
You can differentiate your customers according to temporal aspects of their lives, such as occasions when they may use, develop a need for, think of or purchase a certain product. For example, wedding gown retailers may use occasion segmentation to promote their products during the season when most weddings occur.
Grouping your clients according to the following criteria is an example of user status segmentation: first-time user, non-user, potential user, ex-user or a regular user. This study helps you further analyze and understand, for example, whether non-users dislike your product or they are simply not informed of it and therefore, with a little effort could become your potential users.
As a marketer, you will promote your product differently to heavy, medium or light users. In general, heavy users comprise a small portion of the market, but form a high percentage of the overall consumption, which makes them the preferred type of consumers for businesses. Nonetheless, one thing to keep in mind is, in alcoholic beverages industry, for instance, heavy users go for much cheaper drinks and seem to be less loyal to a single brand.
You can categorize your client groups as extremely loyal, somewhat loyal, or switchers. Clients in the first category are ones who stick to their preferred brand, while clients who are somewhat loyal usually have more than one preferred brand, and they go back and forth between them. Switchers are those who make their purchasing decisions on availability of the product or it being on sale, instead of considering the brand itself.
Your client may fall under one of the following stages of readiness to purchase your product: he may be familiar with the product, have an understanding of what it does, may have some interest in it, choose it over another product, have confidence in it being exactly what is needed and finally he may be ready to purchase it. When you look at buyer readiness stage, as a marketer, your main goal is to move your clients through all the stages from product awareness to purchase.
Consumers vary in where they get their information about a product, what they look for in it, how much they are able and willing to pay for it, how often they buy it and when and where they may look for it. Market segmentation takes into consideration what types of consumers with different wants and needs exist.
It may take a lot of time and effort for you to conduct market segmentation. However, it gives you a relevant knowledge base on which you can build your marketing mix and choose proper communication channels to reach your audiences and effectively sell.
The material in this work is copyrighted. Copying and/or transmitting portions or all of this work without permission may be a violation of applicable law. IFC does not guarantee the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the content included in this work, or for the conclusions or judgments described herein, and accepts no responsibility or liability for any omissions or errors (including, without limitation, typographical errors and technical errors) in the content whatsoever or for reliance thereon
The material in this work is copyrighted. Copying and/or transmitting portions or all of this work without permission may be a violation of applicable law. IFC does not guarantee the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the content included in this work, or for the conclusions or judgments described herein, and accepts no responsibility or liability for any omissions or errors (including, without limitation, typographical errors and technical errors) in the content whatsoever or for reliance thereon.
Copyright © 2002 - 2017 International Finance Corporation. All Rights Reserved. No reproduction, in whole or in part, without written permission.
Shanghai Hotels: special offers and discounts 75%. The best hotel location system, with the distances from all Shanghai landmarks. Video descriptions and photos of any accommodation, from luxury hotels to cheapest resorts in China.
- Located in Jiading district, the Wenjieshiji Hotel (Wenjie Shiji Dajiudian) is 13 km (8 mi) from People's Square and 8 km (5 mi) from Hongqiao International Airport.
To the Pudong Airport: 62km (75 minutes driving) To the Hongqiao Airport: 20km(30 minutes driving) To railway station: 38km(45 minutes driving) - The Great Tang Hotel is adjacent to Shanghai F1 Circuit, providing 1159 various types of guestrooms. It is only a 25-minute drive from Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport.
Shanghai Hongqiao Airport 30 km Shanghai Pudong International Airport 95 km Shanghai South Railway Station 28 km Downtown People's Square 30 km Railway Station Shanghai Railway Station 30 km - Shanghai Xinci Hotel and Shanghai Xinci Business Hotel is located in the center of Anting Jiading Shanghai, close to the Shanghai International Circuit and the Shanghai International Automobile City; Shanghai Xinci Business Hotel is the international branded upper upscale hotel.
The hotel is located in the heart of the down of Maluin the Jiading District. In the vicinity are the well-know Guyi Garden, Huilongtan, Dreaming Amusement Park and 2,500 foreign capital invested enterprises. About twenty minutes driving distance from Hongqiao Airport. About seventy minutes driving distance from Pudong Airport. 30 km to the city center. Only ten driving distanct to F1 racing location. - The Shanghai Universal Ever Rich Hotel (Huanxin Fugui Tiandi Dajiudian) is located in the city's Jiading District, only eight minutes by car from the Shanghai International Circuit racetrack
- Located on National Highway 312, the Xietong Hotel (Xietong Dajiudian) is just 30 minutes from downtown Shanghai.
Railway Station Hongqiao Railway Station 31.25 km Downtown People's Square 30.84 km Airport Shanghai Hongqiao Airport (Terminal II) 27.73 km Airport Shanghai Hongqiao Airport (Terminal I) 28.01 km Railway Station Shanghai South Railway Station 36.49 km Railway Station Shanghai Railway Station 27.99 km Airport Shanghai Pudong International Airport 66.86 km - Northwest Shanghai's Jiading Hotel (Jiading Binguan) is located in the center of old Jiading Town, now the administrative center of Shanghai's sprawling Jiading District and is within walking distance of Qiuxiapu Park, Shanghai University, Bole Square and Fahua Pagoda. Convenient to the newly constructed North Jiading Road Metro Station (Line 11), the Jiading Hotel is approximately 45 minutes to an hour from central Shanghai by Metro or car
Downtown People's Square 16 km Airport Shanghai Hongqiao Airport (Terminal II) 11.55 km Railway Station Shanghai Railway Station 13 km Airport Shanghai Pudong International Airport 50.26 km - Located in Jiading District, the Tianjing Hotel (Tianjing Jingpin Jiudian) is adjacent to a supermarket and several dining places.
Shanghai (the name means 'above the sea') has exceeded 23 million inhabitants in 2010: it is the first city in China in terms of population and the first city in the world, considering the population of the city proper (without the external areas). Over the past 30 years (after the economic reforms of Deng Xiaoping), Shanghai has had an extraordinary development. Today is proud to be the major financial center (Shanghai Stock Exchange and 787 financial institutions) and the port with the highest traffic (29.5 million tonnes in 2010). Positioned on the heart of the Yangtze River Delta, at equal distance from Beijing and Hong Kong, Shanghai is bordered to the north and east by the province of Jiangsu to the south with the province of Zhejiang, and to East from East China Sea. Shanghai has a humid subtropical climate. The winters are cold and wet, summers are hot and humid, the springs are rainy and unstable, autumns are sunny and dry. In Shanghai there are about 250 thousand foreign people (especially Japanese, Korean and Americans). The hotels in Shanghai are beautiful and very numerous, the services offered are very satisfactory even for the most demanding customers. Currently, they are being completed some huge new hotels. The prices of Shanghai hotels are balanced and affordable. Attractions to visit in Shanghai: the Bund, Huangpu River, Yu Yuan Garden, Jade Buddha Temple, Shanghai Museum, Jin Mao Building, The Oriental Pearl TV Tower.
China Hotel Reservation takes care the customer satisfaction: please send us your comments and testimonials at: Contact US Page,
The Terracotta Army is an ancient collection of sculptures which depict the armies of Qin Shi Huang who was the first Chinese emperor. It is believed that the statues were buried with the emperor to protect him in the afterlife. Located in the dry area of Shaanxi province,Terracotta is regarded as one of the greatest historical sites in the world. In fact, UNESCO recognizes it as one of the World Heritage Site. Read on to understand why Terracotta was built, how it was discovered and its structural layout. History The history of the Terracotta revolves around the first emperor of China who led his people in a series of battles. Since people had strong beliefs on life after death, they thought that it was wise for the emperor to be guarded even in the afterlife.This prompted them to mold an army that will still be there to give the emperor full protection against his adversaries. The hand-molded army strikes several similarities with the real military that he had used during his lifetime. Apart from providing protection, the army was also built to keep fine memories of the military that he had led to victories over other rival nations and also united the people of China. It is important to note that years before, rulers in China were buried alongside their workers and top officials. Terracotta army was designed to replace the real human sacrifice. The model soldiers were built using bare hands. No other sophisticated tool was used to do the job. Since it was manual labor, more than 7000 skilled artisans were involved in executing this task. It is estimated that the job took over 40 years to be completed.This explains why the sculptures have elegant and unique features. To ensure that the job was done perfectly, each warrior had a stamp bearing the name of the artisan who worked on it. This made it easier for the authorities to track […]
Gregory was a music genious, a musician and a teacher of music, a deep mystic of the art of music, both ecclesiastical and external. He is one of the three Teachers of the New Method of analytic notation of Byzantine Music, which was introded by the 1814 reform. As a Lambadarios and an Archcantor of the Great Church, he constitutes the critical measure regarding the importance of the change of the musical notation, but also for the unchangeable of the music itself, which with the revised notation only changed its external vestement.
This importance of Gregory's role is vividly manifested, when we want to talk about the work of any melodist before 1814, because we are forced to see it via the explaination of Gregory or of Chourmouzios Chartophylax. But let us first lay down the biography of Gregory according to the facts provided by research.
According to one tradition, Gregory was born in Constantinople on the same day that Peter Lambadarios the Peloponnesian died (1777 or 1778). His father was a priest, named George, and his mother's name was Helen. The surname «Levites», which is attributed to him, is probably incorrect, but was given to him because his father was a priest, a «Levite» in the Old Testament. The probable day for his death is the 23rd December 1821, when Constantine succeeded him as the Archcantor, but other sources talk about 1820 or, more often, 1822. In any case, he died very young, at the peak of his age and of his work; he was at most 43 years old.
From his youth he learned the Armenian language and music, because he liked going to the Armenian Church. In order to eloign him from there, his father sent him to the abbot of the Sinai Metochion at Valata, the Cretan Archandrite Jeremias, where Gregory learned the Greek letters and, because of his nice voice, became a Reader and a Cantor.
Gregory became a passionate music student of many cantors, including Iakovos Protopsaltes, Peter Protopsaltes the Byzantios, and, finally, George the Cretan. It seems that during the time that Peter Byzantios was Archcantor, namely during 1800-1805, Gregory is also in the Patriarchate, if not as a Lambadarios, at least as the First Domestikos, and chanted together with his tacher. Certainly though, around 1810, Gregory was the Lambadarios of the Great Church when Manuel was the Protopsaltes.
In the period 1800-1805, Gregory got married and had children, but we do not know their precise number. Constantine Psachos talks about the last daughter of Gregory, who in 1897 was 90 years old.
From Lambadarios, Gregory became Protopsaltes after the death of Manuel, on the 21st June 1891. As an Archcantor, he chanted for 2 ½ years, until his death on the 23rd December 1821.
In 1814, there happened the historic reform on the byzantine music notation, which was deemed to be a «benefaction of Nation». The reform was carried out by three excellent musicians of the time, namely Gregory, archmandrite Chrysantos, and Chourmouzios Chartophylax. These three Teachers, as they are readily referred to, discussed thoroughly and systematized into a single method the theory of Byzantine Music. What they mostly paid attention to, and through which they became «benefactors of the Nation» was the explaination of the old notation, and the transcription of the pre-1814 melodies into their new notation.
This New Method of teaching and learning Byzantine music was submitted to the Patriarchate. The Holy Synod under Patriarch Cyril VII assembled on purpose to discuss the issue, and the most esteemed members of the Nation were invited.
The Synod was convinced by the reasons and the proofs of the three music teachers regarding the canonisation of the music art (because there was initial suspicion that the Teachers were supposedly inventing their own Psalmody). It decided that Gregory Lambadarios and Chourmouzios Chartophylax teach the practical part of the Ecclesiastical Music, whereas the Archmandrite Chrysanthos the theory.
Very illuminating on this subject is a letter sent by Dionysios the Vatopedinos from Constantinople to the Monastery of Vatopedion on the 21st of January 1815. According to this, a common School was founded at the Sinai Metochion and teaches a new scientific method of music with rules and grammar. Teachers in this school are a monk Chrysanthos and the Lambadarios of the Great Church [i.e. Gregory], and there are more than 200 students which attend this School every day. Among these, there are Hierarchs and Protosyggeloi, and deacons of Hierarchs, and many laymen.
The contribution of Gregory in the formation of the New Method was the canonisation and the explanation of the scales and the parachords, and the simple and correct analysis and transcription of the old notation into this new method. With geat zeal after the reform , Gregory and Chourmouzios explained the work of the old teachers. And it is extraordinary how within six years, from 1815 until his death in 1821, he wrote almost 20 volumes of manuscripts with explanations of older byzantine melodies. From these volumes, he copied some twice and thrice in order to facilitate the spreading of the New Method.
Gregory has a special friendship with Patriarch Gregory V, for whose third elevation to the Throne he wrote two songs. As the Protopsaltes, he also lived with him all the agony and sadness during the Great Lent and the Holy Week, until the Pascha, 10th April 1821. For this last Holy Week of the two Gregories, we read the following: « By he [the Patriarch] quitely went to the Church and listened to the service of the customary vigils of the Holy Week (these were then sung in the morning, because which Christian dared to come out at night?), and many times the ever-blessed repeated to himself the beginning of the Troparion «Behold, the Bridegroom comes in the middle of the night...».
Gregory also had a special relation with the highest master of Moldabia, Mr Michael Soutzos of Gregory, to whom he offered three songs in 1820. Due to this relationship, his fame as a music teacher became widespread in Moldowallachia, and especially in Iasion and Bucarest, where his former students became teachers of music under the protection of the music-friendly directors.
Gregory explained and transcribed into the new notation the following works fo the Melodists, especially of those of the XVIIth and XVIIIth centuries.
He also wrote about 30 songs, mostly similar in style as the turkish makamia. Notably, the manuscripts of many of his original compositions are subtitled with the note that the melody is «as they are sung in the Great Church of Christ». This constitutes a sign of the tradition of Gregory.
The work of Gregory dissiminates widely via many manuscripts and printed music books. All his personal work, except for the Apostle and Gospel in mode IV, has been published.
From his explanatory work, the following have been published: the four-tome Pandektis, the Kalophonic Heirmologion, the Anastasimatarion, the Heirmologion, and the Doxastarion of Peter the Peloponnesian, the Heirmologion of Peter Byzantios, and a few other lessons of various teachers.
Update: San Marcos continues preparations for Hurricane Harvey San Marcos bracing for possible weather emergency from approaching hurricane Police look for Lockhart man suspected of sexually assaulting child in San Marcos Death toll in San Antonio immigrant-smuggling case rises to 10 Second rabid fox found off Wonder World Drive in San Marcos Armed men rob payday loan store in San Marcos
Texas Senate committee OKs bill to outline city cellphone restrictions Wells Fargo grant to boost renewable energy research at Texas State Wittliff Collections to open Sandra Cisneros archive with symposium Texas State Opera Theatre stages Mozart’s ‘The Marriage of Figaro’ ‘Memories From My Duffel Bag’ exhibit honors veterans at Alkek Student robbed at gunpoint at Texas State’s Bobcat Village apartments
Hurricane Harvey slams Texas coast Update: San Marcos continues preparations for Hurricane Harvey San Marcos bracing for possible weather emergency from approaching hurricane Police look for Lockhart man suspected of sexually assaulting child in San Marcos Wildfire consumes 250 acres of Hays County ranch Single vehicle crash kills Seguin woman
Update: San Marcos continues preparations for Hurricane Harvey Wildfire consumes 250 acres of Hays County ranch Kyle police arrest suspect in Carl’s Jr. armed robbery New I-35 Yarrington Road exit ramp to open on Friday Will Texas lawmakers ax tree ordinances in more than 50 cities? Fatal accident closes Interstate 35 in Kyle
Meadows Center to host Wimberley forum on Blanco River, Onion Creek Election 2017 Results: City, school district elections in Hays County Hays County to appoint citizens committee on electronic voting equipment Nationwide AT&T mobile outage impacting 911 in Hays County More than 1,800 votes went uncounted in Hays County election Wimberley area man charged with wife’s murder
Louie’s to host anniversary beer release party for Little Guys Movers Meadows Center to host Wimberley forum on Blanco River, Onion Creek Despite bipartisan support, medical marijuana bill likely won’t reach House floor Wells Fargo grant to boost renewable energy research at Texas State Texas House lawmakers approve bill requiring more study for hog poison Advertisement: Shuttle bus drivers needed in San Marcos
In Central Texas, bats rule the roost as a tourist attraction Louie’s to host anniversary beer release party for Little Guys Movers Price Center to host next ‘4th Flea’ market this weekend Wittliff Collections to open Sandra Cisneros archive with symposium ‘Blanco River’ author to celebrate book launch in Kyle Texas State Opera Theatre stages Mozart’s ‘The Marriage of Figaro’
More than 1,800 votes went uncounted in Hays County election Thomaides edges out Becerra in San Marcos mayor nail-biter Election 2016 Results: San Marcos, Buda city council runoffs Letter: Thomaides is best choice for mayor in important election San Marcos to choose mayor, councilmen in Tuesday runoff Prewitt re-elected as three San Marcos races head to runoffs
Hurricane Harvey slams Texas coast Death toll in San Antonio immigrant-smuggling case rises to 10 In Central Texas, bats rule the roost as a tourist attraction Wildfire consumes 250 acres of Hays County ranch EPA drops objection to Dripping Springs’ wastewater permit Williams dove for cover as gunman began firing
Hurricane Harvey slams Texas coast UT-Austin removes Confederate statues in the middle of the night In Central Texas, bats rule the roost as a tourist attraction Williams dove for cover as gunman began firing Will Texas lawmakers ax tree ordinances in more than 50 cities? UT police on stabbing spree: ‘This was not a conspiracy’
Hurricane Harvey slams Texas coast Police look for Lockhart man suspected of sexually assaulting child in San Marcos Cyrier urged Abbott to veto bill legalizing hot air balloon hunting Two men arrested after drug raid east of San Marcos Texas Senate authorizes special San Marcos River recreation district Great Texas River Cleanup volunteers clear 15,000 pounds of trash
Hurricane Harvey slams Texas coast Invasive zebra mussels confirmed in Canyon Lake Man drowns while swimming in Guadalupe River in New Braunfels San Antonio congressman Lamar Smith sets ‘Make EPA Great Again’ hearing Suspect arrested in New Braunfels, Schertz bank robberies Reward increased for arrest in New Braunfels bank robbery
Hurricane Harvey slams Texas coast Death toll in San Antonio immigrant-smuggling case rises to 10 In Central Texas, bats rule the roost as a tourist attraction San Antonio, El Paso voters choose new mayors Texas poised to spend $2.5B on urban highway projects San Antonio congressman Lamar Smith sets ‘Make EPA Great Again’ hearing
It’s been one week since Harvey hit Texas. Here’s what you need to know. Hurricane Harvey slams Texas coast UT-Austin removes Confederate statues in the middle of the night Texas Senate panel targets mail-in ballot fraud after high-profile case Death toll in San Antonio immigrant-smuggling case rises to 10 In Central Texas, bats rule the roost as a tourist attraction
Texas Senate panel targets mail-in ballot fraud after high-profile case Texas Senate committee OKs bill to outline city cellphone restrictions Cyrier urged Abbott to veto bill legalizing hot air balloon hunting Will Texas lawmakers ax tree ordinances in more than 50 cities? Despite bipartisan support, medical marijuana bill likely won’t reach House floor Senate passes bill to eliminate most vehicle safety inspections
Death toll in San Antonio immigrant-smuggling case rises to 10 Immigrants picked up, but no massive raids, authorities say Amtrak studying San Antonio-Austin commuter rail service Soaked Hays, Caldwell counties brace for more rain Border communities have lower crime rates Pope Francis to finish Mexico trip at the edge of the Rio Grande
City seeks resident comments for disaster relief plan San Marcos council to allocate $25M in federal flood relief funds Open house tonight on Post Road bridge replacement Soaked Hays, Caldwell counties brace for more rain San Marcos to observe flood anniversary with flag-raising ceremony BR3T to update public on regional flood recovery efforts
Video: Blanco River volume, velocity during Memorial Day weekend flood rivaled Mississippi River at St. Louis Interactive: Stark aerial images show Blanco River before, after flood in Wimberley By the Numbers: Sobering new damage assessments of the Memorial Day weekend flood
VIDEO: The Railhouse Band performs during Western Swing Night each Tuesday at Cheatham Street Warehouse. They share the stage with Green Pastures and River Tramps tonight.
country furniture stores appealing furniture stores town country leather country furniture stores in naugatuck ct.
country french furniture reproductions style stores melbourne new hampshire,country furniture stores langley on old road long island in ma extraordinary french of hand painted sold,furniture stores on old country road long island toms farm farms langley in ma,decoration country furniture of rustic 5 piece round inch dining stores in ma nj on long island,french country furniture bedroom ideas design 5 bedrooms with pine stores in pa pennsylvania new jersey,country furniture stores in ct on old road long island p our family owned store features a variety of home new hampshire,country furniture new hampshire stores in massachusetts outdoor wicker store east earl pa,country furniture stores in new hampshire langley naugatuck ct cottage style for sale french,country furniture stores langley melbourne french store east earl pa,country furniture stores in pa near me large size style melbourne massachusetts.
pain in neck after auto accident | neck pain from a car accident Concord NC | neck injury car accident claims | neck pain after car accident symptoms Concord NC
I am a science writer and a former Registered Massage Therapist with a decade of experience treating tough pain cases. I was the Assistant Editor of ScienceBasedMedicine.org for several years. I’ve written hundreds of articles and several books, and I’m known for readable but heavily referenced analysis, with a touch of sass. I am a runner and ultimate player. • more about me • more about PainScience.com
Your neck and shoulders contain muscles, bones, nerves, arteries, and veins, as well as many ligaments and other supporting structures. Many conditions can cause pain in the neck and shoulder area. In fact, neck pain is the third most common type of pain according to the American Pain Foundation. It is estimated that 70% of people will experience neck pain at some point in their lives.
Integrated Sport, Spine & Rehab is proud to be the first and only evidence-based chiropractic clinic in Olney, MD! We incorporate the latest in chiropractic care, physical therapy, sports performance enhancement, and overall health. Years of serving patients across the country, excellent credentials, current knowledge and training in physical therapy modalities, and a passion for patients and their wellness is what sets Dr. Mozafari apart from other chiropractors in the area. Whether it is simply getting rid of your pain, improving athletic performance, or for a simple evaluation, Integrated Sport, Spine & Rehab is uniquely positione ... View Profile
At Priestley Family Chiropractic, our mission is to educate, check and adjust as many families as possible so they can experience optimal health through natural chiropractic care. Newport Beach chiropractor Dr. Kevin Priestley focuses on allowing your body and brain to communicate, relieving pain and restoring your health while being free from any harmful side effects.
Although it’s rare, once in a while neck pain may be a warning sign of cancer, infection, autoimmune disease, or some kind of structural problem like spinal cord injury or a threat to an important blood vessel. Some of these ominous situations cause hard-to-miss signs and symptoms other than pain and are likely to be diagnosed correctly and promptly — so, if it feels serious, go get checked out. Otherwise, if you are aware of the “red flags,” you can get checked out when the time is right — and avoid excessive worry until then.
Your care begins with a thorough examination so that we can understand what may be holding you back from the greatest possible well-being. Advanced scanning technology and digital X-rays assist us in creating a picture of your current health. Just like you can see your teeth being straightened with braces, we do regular re-examinations to evaluate your progress. Not only will you feel better,
The Henderson Center was founded in 1985 as The Henderson Center Chiropractic Clinic in King of Prussia, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, but was strictly a chiropractic clinic until 1993, when Dr. M Jonathan Garzillo, a chiropractor, joined the Center. Since then, the Center has expanded beyond just chiropractic to become a multi-specialty pain management practice, incorporating massage therapies, shiatsu therapy and chiropractic care. Dr. Garzillo also brought a simple philosophy to the Henderson Center. Instead of trying to prolong care, the Center works to relieve patients of their pain in the shortest time possible. I ... View Profile
^ Jump up to: a b Joseph C. Keating, Jr., Cleveland CS III, Menke M (2005). "Chiropractic history: a primer" (PDF). Association for the History of Chiropractic. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 June 2013. Retrieved 2008-06-16. A significant and continuing barrier to scientific progress within chiropractic are the anti-scientific and pseudo-scientific ideas (Keating 1997b) which have sustained the profession throughout a century of intense struggle with political medicine. Chiropractors' tendency to assert the meaningfulness of various theories and methods as a counterpoint to allopathic charges of quackery has created a defensiveness which can make critical examination of chiropractic concepts difficult (Keating and Mootz 1989). One example of this conundrum is the continuing controversy about the presumptive target of DCs' adjustive interventions: subluxation (Gatterman 1995; Leach 1994).
Chiropractic's origins lie in the folk medicine of bonesetting,[4] and as it evolved it incorporated vitalism, spiritual inspiration and rationalism.[30] Its early philosophy was based on deduction from irrefutable doctrine, which helped distinguish chiropractic from medicine, provided it with legal and political defenses against claims of practicing medicine without a license, and allowed chiropractors to establish themselves as an autonomous profession.[30] This "straight" philosophy, taught to generations of chiropractors, rejects the inferential reasoning of the scientific method,[30] and relies on deductions from vitalistic first principles rather than on the materialism of science.[31] However, most practitioners tend to incorporate scientific research into chiropractic,[30] and most practitioners are "mixers" who attempt to combine the materialistic reductionism of science with the metaphysics of their predecessors and with the holistic paradigm of wellness.[31] A 2008 commentary proposed that chiropractic actively divorce itself from the straight philosophy as part of a campaign to eliminate untestable dogma and engage in critical thinking and evidence-based research.[32]
There are several surgical treatments available to treat cervical spine disorders. Factors that help determine the type of surgical treatment include the specifics of the disc disease and the presence or absence of pressure on the spinal cord or spinal nerve roots. Other factors include age, how long the patient has had the disorder, other medical conditions and if there has been previous cervical spine surgery.
Figure 1. (side view) The neck region is called the cervical spine. Protected within the bones of the cervical spine are the spinal cord and nerves. The seven cervical bones (vertebrae) are numbered C1 to C7. Each bone is separated and cushioned by shock-absorbing discs. The spinal nerves pass through bony canals to branch out to the neck and arms.
One of the reasons I wanted to visit the chiropractor was to take a more active role in my overall health and wellness. I specifically chose an integrated clinic, which offered not only chiropractic care, but also physical therapy, massage therapy and nutrition consultation. We discussed the addition of multi-vitamins, fish oil and vitamin D to my wellness plan. One thing I learned through this wellness planning? Everyone’s health journey is different! Since health is personal, your approach should be tailored to your specific needs. My focus on an integrated clinic may not be right for you, but I found value in being educated about all the options available to me.
injury to neck in car accident | minor neck injury car accident Concord NC | my neck hurts from a car accident | back neck and shoulder pain from car accident Concord NC
Don’t medically investigate neck pain until it’s met at least three criteria: (1) it’s been bothering you for more than about 6 weeks; (2) it’s severe and/or not improving, or actually getting worse; and (3) there’s at least one other “red flag” (age over 55 or under 20, painful to light tapping, fever/malaise/nausea, weight loss, nasty headache, severe stiffness, very distinctive pain, and numbness and/or tingling and/or weakness anywhere else). Note that signs of arthritis are not red flags.
In diagnosing the cause of neck pain, it is important to review the history of the symptoms. In reviewing the history, the doctor will note the location, intensity, duration, and radiation of the pain. Is the pain worsened or improved with turning or repositioning of the head? Any past injury to the neck and past treatments are noted. Aggravating and/or relieving positions or motions are also recorded. The neck is examined at rest and in motion. Tenderness is detected during palpation of the neck. An examination of the nervous system is performed to determine whether or not nerve involvement is present.
“When your neck muscles become weak and you try to turn your head, the joint no longer moves smoothly because it’s now out of place,” Dr. Bang says. “Often the joint catches on something, either pulling a muscle or hitting the nerve irregularly, or maybe both. Then you’ll have instant pain and your body has a protective spasm. Your body doesn’t want you to get hurt more, so it will clench, causing you to feel like you can’t even move — and leaving you wondering what you did to injure yourself.”
Mainstream health care and governmental organizations such as the World Health Organization consider chiropractic to be complementary and alternative medicine (CAM);[1] and a 2008 study reported that 31% of surveyed chiropractors categorized chiropractic as CAM, 27% as integrated medicine, and 12% as mainstream medicine.[56] Many chiropractors believe they are primary care providers,[4][21] including US[57] and UK chiropractors,[58] but the length, breadth, and depth of chiropractic clinical training do not support the requirements to be considered primary care providers,[2] so their role on primary care is limited and disputed.[2][21]
What is cervicalgia and how is it treated? Learn all about cervicalgia, a pain in the neck. It involves a sharp pain in the neck area when certain movements are made. Poor posture, traumatic injury, and stress are some of the common causes. Symptoms include stiffness and difficulty moving the neck. Find out more about neck pain and how to treat and prevent it. Read now
A large number of chiropractors fear that if they do not separate themselves from the traditional vitalistic concept of innate intelligence, chiropractic will continue to be seen as a fringe profession.[22] A variant of chiropractic called naprapathy originated in Chicago in the early twentieth century.[35][36] It holds that manual manipulation of soft tissue can reduce "interference" in the body and thus improve health.[36]
Dr. Bruce attended Harvey Mudd College prior to enrolling in Life Chiropractic College. Following graduation in 1986, he worked as an associate for Dr. James Reed in Tucker, GA and later purchased the practice. After 20 years as a solo practitioner, he relocated to Columbus, GA to work for Brodwyn and Associates. After 6 years in Columbus, he joined Arrowhead Clinic in Hinesville in order to be closer to the beach. Dr. Bruce has postgraduate training in Personal Injury, posture analysis and extremity care. While in Tucker and Columbus, he was very involved in the community and served as the team chiropractor for numerous sports teams in the area.
A 2010 study describing Belgium chiropractors and their patients found chiropractors in Belgium mostly focus on neuromusculoskeletal complaints in adult patients, with emphasis on the spine.[83] The diversified technique is the most often applied technique at 93%, followed by the Activator mechanical-assisted technique at 41%.[83] A 2009 study assessing chiropractic students giving or receiving spinal manipulations while attending a U.S. chiropractic college found Diversified, Gonstead, and upper cervical manipulations are frequently used methods.[84]
Our North Wales / Lansdale / Blue Bell PA Office is here to enhance your quality of life through chiropractic care, and we believe that chiropractic and a proper exercise program can improve your overall health. Chiropractors don't just making the pain disappear. Our team will place you on a plan to help your pain, but also help find the source of the problem, and also goals on how to get better. Dr. Allen Conrad has been a chiropractor for over since 2001, serving the North Wales and Lansdale PA area. His office specializes in spinal decompression therapy, massage therapy, and chiropractic care for many types of injuries. Dr. Conrad se ... View Profile
Injury and Accidents: Whiplash is a common injury sustained during an auto accident. This is typically termed a hyperextension and/or hyperflexion injury because the head is forced to move backward and/or forward rapidly beyond the neck's normal range of motion. The unnatural and forceful movement affects the muscles and ligaments in the neck. Muscles react by tightening and contracting creating muscle fatigue resulting in pain and stiffness.
My niece has some spine disorders, and I think that being able to visit a chiropractor would be helpful for her. I’m glad that you talked about chiropractors being able to have a knowledge of anatomy and physiology, and I think that being able to have this knowledge would help them with her spine disorders. I’m going to have to see if a chiropractor would be the best option, or if we could find a specialist for spine disorders! Thanks for the information!
Most chiropractic medicine programs require that applicants have at least three years of undergraduate education, and an increasing number require a bachelor’s degree. In either case, your undergraduate studies must include a prescribed number of prerequisite courses, as defined by the field’s accrediting body, the Council on Chiropractic Education.
Welcome to The Joint Chiropractic - Broad Ripple! As your Indianapolis chiropractor dedicated to family chiropractic and spine health, we invite you to join the millions of Americans who have not only found relief from lower back pain, sciatica pain, and migraines, but also a pathway to wellness with chiropractic's natural, drug-free approach to healthcare.
The patients were put into two groups. One group received traditional medical care for back pain along with chiropractic care; the other group only received traditional care. While traditional care can include medication, the chiropractic care included spinal manipulation adjustments along with manual therapies such as ice, heat, cryotherapy, and rehabilitative exercises.
Health professionals may know better in theory, but often underestimate how easily patients are alarmed by hard evidence of spinal degeneration. To the average person, if something like that shows up on a scan, it’s like proof: it has got to hurt. But the evidence clearly contradicts that! Pain has many possible minor causes; degeneration is often painless and rarely serious even when it is causing trouble. BACK TO TEXT
No single profession "owns" spinal manipulation and there is little consensus as to which profession should administer SM, raising concerns by chiropractors that other medical physicians could "steal" SM procedures from chiropractors.[70] A focus on evidence-based SM research has also raised concerns that the resulting practice guidelines could limit the scope of chiropractic practice to treating backs and necks.[70] Two U.S. states (Washington and Arkansas) prohibit physical therapists from performing SM,[71] some states allow them to do it only if they have completed advanced training in SM, and some states allow only chiropractors to perform SM, or only chiropractors and physicians. Bills to further prohibit non-chiropractors from performing SM are regularly introduced into state legislatures and are opposed by physical therapist organizations.[72]
Reviews of research studies within the chiropractic community have been used to generate practice guidelines outlining standards that specify which chiropractic treatments are "legitimate" (i.e. supported by evidence) and conceivably reimbursable under managed care health payment systems.[70] Evidence-based guidelines are supported by one end of an ideological continuum among chiropractors; the other end employs antiscientific reasoning and makes unsubstantiated claims.[2][52][43][85][86] Chiropractic remains at a crossroads, and that in order to progress it would need to embrace science; the promotion by some for it to be a cure-all was both "misguided and irrational".[87] A 2007 survey of Alberta chiropractors found that they do not consistently apply research in practice, which may have resulted from a lack of research education and skills.[88]
Chiropractic doctors diagnose and treat patients whose health problems are associated with the body’s muscular, nervous and skeletal systems. Chiropractors believe that interference with these systems can impair normal functioning, cause pain and lower resistance to disease. They are most well known for the hands-on technique they practice to adjust imbalances in the patient’s skeletal system, particularly the spine.
Chiropractic is a health care profession that focuses on disorders of the musculoskeletal system and the nervous system, and the effects of these disorders on general health. Chiropractic services are used most often to treat neuromusculoskeletal complaints, including but not limited to back pain, neck pain, pain in the joints of the arms or legs, and headaches.
Integrated Sport, Spine & Rehab is proud to be the first and only evidence-based chiropractic clinic in Olney, MD! We incorporate the latest in chiropractic care, physical therapy, sports performance enhancement, and overall health. Years of serving patients across the country, excellent credentials, current knowledge and training in physical therapy modalities, and a passion for patients and their wellness is what sets Dr. Mozafari apart from other chiropractors in the area. Whether it is simply getting rid of your pain, improving athletic performance, or for a simple evaluation, Integrated Sport, Spine & Rehab is uniquely positione ... View Profile
Chiropractors, like other primary care providers, sometimes employ diagnostic imaging techniques such as X-rays and CT scans that rely on ionizing radiation.[156] Although there is no clear evidence for the practice, some chiropractors may still X-ray a patient several times a year.[6] Practice guidelines aim to reduce unnecessary radiation exposure,[156] which increases cancer risk in proportion to the amount of radiation received.[157] Research suggests that radiology instruction given at chiropractic schools worldwide seem to be evidence-based.[48] Although, there seems to be a disparity between some schools and available evidence regarding the aspect of radiography for patients with acute low back pain without an indication of a serious disease, which may contribute to chiropractic overuse of radiography for low back pain.[48]
Symptoms caused by spinal cord trouble are called “myelopathy.” And there are a lot of possible symptoms: it depends on which part of the spinal cord is affected. And many of them can have other causes. And it may worsen slowly and erratically over long periods. You can’t really confirm a myelopathy diagnosis without professional help, so please consult a doctor if you’re suspicious. BACK TO TEXT
Low back pain. A 2013 Cochrane review found very low to moderate evidence that SMT was no more effective than inert interventions, sham SMT or as an adjunct therapy for acute low back pain.[94] The same review found that SMT appears to be no better than other recommended therapies.[94] A 2016 review found moderate evidence indicating that chiropractic care seems to be effective as physical therapy for low back pain.[95] A 2012 overview of systematic reviews found that collectively, SM failed to show it is an effective intervention for pain.[96] A 2011 Cochrane review found strong evidence that suggests there is no clinically meaningful difference between SMT and other treatments for reducing pain and improving function for chronic low back pain.[97] A 2010 Cochrane review found no current evidence to support or refute a clinically significant difference between the effects of combined chiropractic interventions and other interventions for chronic or mixed duration low back pain.[98] A 2010 systematic review found that most studies suggest SMT achieves equivalent or superior improvement in pain and function when compared with other commonly used interventions for short, intermediate, and long-term follow-up.[99] Specific guidelines concerning the treatment of nonspecific (i.e., unknown cause) low back pain are inconsistent between countries.[100]
Our shoulder joints have the greatest range of motion of any of the musculoskeletal joints in our bodies. The shoulder joint is really two joints, the glenohumeral joint between the arm bone (humerus) and the shoulder blade (scapula) and the acromioclavicular joint between the acromion (a bony projection off the scapula) and the collarbone (clavicle). The glenohumeral joint is a ball-and-socket joint and the acromioclavicular joint is a gliding joint. ...
Two sleeping positions are easiest on the neck: on your side or on your back. If you sleep on your back, choose a rounded pillow to support the natural curve of your neck, with a flatter pillow cushioning your head. This can be achieved by tucking a small neck roll into the pillowcase of a flatter, softer pillow, or by using a special pillow that has a built-in neck support with an indentation for the head to rest in. Here are some additional tips for side- and back-sleepers:
Eagle’s syndrome [Medscape] is a rare abnormal elongation of a bizarre little bit of bone at the back of the throat called the styloid process. Even a normal styloid process looks jarring when you first see one: it is so skinny and sharp that it makes one wonder how it can possibly not be stabbing something. Well, it turns out that in some cases it does “stab” you in the neck. This will cause a feeling of a lump in the throat and/or moderate intensity pains throughout the region, possibly including the side of the neck, although pain is more likely to dominate the jaw and throat.15
Finally, it’s important to know that it’s okay to change chiropractors if the doctor you find just isn’t a good fit. They may be perfectly qualified and capable, but if you aren’t comfortable with them, treatment may be less effective. Some patients love doctors who are straight and to the point, while others prefer someone who provides lots of explanation both before and during a procedure. Likewise, they may not be the best doctor to treat your specific pain condition. As with other doctors, chiropractors understand this and are happy to transfer your records to a different doctor.
AAOS does not endorse any treatments, procedures, products, or physicians referenced herein. This information is provided as an educational service and is not intended to serve as medical advice. Anyone seeking specific orthopaedic advice or assistance should consult his or her orthopaedic surgeon, or locate one in your area through the AAOS Find an Orthopaedist program on this website.
Physical therapy / exercise: For most neck pain, we recommend a nearly normal schedule from the onset. Physical therapy can help you return to full activity as soon as possible and prevent re-injury. Physical therapists will show proper lifting and walking techniques, and exercises to strengthen and stretch your neck, arms, and abdominal muscles. Massage, ultrasound, diathermy, heat, and traction may also be recommended for short periods. People may also benefit from yoga, chiropractic manipulation, and acupuncture.
After my adjustment, I was seen by a exercise therapist who walked me through a series of exercises to help with my pelvic rotation and weak glute muscles. Chiropractic adjustments combined with an exercise program can be an effective solution for treating sore muscles and joints. Want to try a few of the exercises I did at home? You’ll need a foam roller, an exercise ball and a flexible mini ball.
Owning real estate is one of the best types of investments on the market right now. While stocks and bonds can lose money over time, real estate is relatively stable and seems to go up in value over the course of many years. However, instead of going out and trying to find a good property and working with a realtor, a lot of investors are choosing to go with real estate note buying. Note buying is an entirely different form of investing that entails purchasing mortgage notes tied to different properties.
A real estate note is attached to property that is either going through foreclosure or whose owners are late on their payments. The note gives you first dibs to the property once the foreclosure has gone through, which is an ideal way to get a short sale for a home or piece of land for an incredibly low price. In fact, there have been instances of people buying homes with these real estate notes for just a few thousand dollars.
The way that you purchase real estate notes is by working with a reliable company and sorting through the range of notes they have available. These notes are attached to homes that are either going through foreclosure or whose owners are not paying their monthly mortgage. The way that the note might not work to your advantage is if you purchase one and then find out that the homeowner started making their payments or was able to get out of foreclosure. In this case, you would lose the money that you put into the investment of the real estate notes.
Think about this: It’s 6:00 pm and Jane, a mother of three, is driving home, exhausted from a complete day at the office. They also will have beneficial info on running a productive business so take benefit of the sources out there. E-mail a copy of your flyer to friends and family members, and ask them to spread the word about your new business. Chase Merchant Solutions offers you with a far more safe and handy way to do business by giving your consumers the flexibility to make purchases nonetheless they pick with added security that protects their accounts. In this case where need to i register for this business and what could be the tax would be appreciated. Whilst employing a contract roaster will save you money, but it will be harder to sell to cafes and promoting to cafes,carts,bakeries, and restaurants is how you develop your brand and business. He declined to reveal the exact quantity of Visa cards in Myanmar, due to business confidentiality.
In my case, I ended up installing Skype for Business Debugging Tools on the Mediation server VM, and making use of CLS Logger. Even so, the advertisement is becoming high-priced and it is challenging for a modest business to cope up with a higher budget of advertisement. McIntosh returned to the University of Wisconsin-Madison in December of 2014 as the director of improvement, and much less than two years later in February of 2016, he was named to his present part as the UW athletic director for business development. Considering that the same principles that win in proposals are the identical that win in direct sales, there is no a lot more pressing need to have in business than for training to improve the good quality of salespeople and their business proposals.
Santander makes use of cookies to deliver superior functionality and to improve your experience of our web sites. I might not be a little business owner, but the information serves me properly as a manager, and of course as the CEO of a rather large loved ones. Preserve in mind that blogging ought to be only 1 of a handful of promotional elements for your business. There are several diverse techniques of getting into the jewelry business and many diverse varieties of components with which you can perform. You can set your business as a sole trader (self-employed), partnership, or restricted company.
Business credit and business credit rating will assist you getting finance from banks, monetary institutes, and individuals. When I 1st started promoting cards I thought about packaging and purchased 1000 poly bags on the world wide web a 5X7 card would match in, but I decided not to display my cards in them simply because, of course, clear cello bags look greater. Most municipalities will need you to register your business with the providence before you can apply for a business license. Great guide for creative entrepreneurs to get tips for Operating a Handmade Business.
In spite of enormous disadvantages – with a government administration that lacks expertise, experience, and funding – Easson says that what is distinct in Myanmar, in comparison to other countries in the region, is that the government does not just pay lip service to business complaints and suggestions, but acts on recommendations and then implements them in practice. Whilst there is significantly to observe and contemplate about this newest generation the reports supplied the following some insights as to how the IGen , will influence retail business. I enjoyed your style guidelines for girls over 50. You obviously know a lot about fashion.… Read More ...
The Place to Go On-line if You Are a Hippie, Bohemian, or Totally free Spirit in Need to have of Employment! Of course the principal point here is that Business for Scotland claims to be politically neutral, while the evidence points to deep-routed SNP support. We’d enjoy to hear from you and know that it will aid countless other folks who want to start a business. Of coarse, we can’t all go out there are commit $500 a week marketing (I know I cannot) but there are numerous ways that you can do it that are really low-cost or even Totally free!~ Here are some excellent tips for advertising your ARBONNE business for small or no expense!
Credit Memos: This kind is a really diverse format as it generally describes monetary data regarding solutions or goods. Some of your business policies ought to contain liability troubles such as damage, alarms, cleaning procedures, and so on. If you have been exclusively managing the solution line and you have carried out a thorough analysis of the greatest factors affecting the line’s margin – your thought will get heard due to the fact you know the business greater than any person else. The Australian Business section is published in The Australian every day to give a national viewpoint coupled with in-depth evaluation from the nation’s major business journalists. The query is whether they can compete against Google, Apple and Volkswagen in a capital-intensive, technology-driven business. We’re excited to announce some alterations we are making to the format of Ladies in Business that we hope will assist us develop our confidence and strengthen our connections.
But you never need to register a business if you program to name your business under you or your partner’s very first name and surname or initials and surname. … Read More ...
How do we organize the chickens to get greater agility (quicker release delivery). My final bit of advise to absolutely everyone is take a freakin business class it will help you a lot with finding out to responsibly calculate finances, locate funding, find a market place for your items(reptiles), and a much better all round understanding of operating a profit searching for business. Now vacationers and business travelers from outside ASEAN can apply for, spend for, and receive their Myanmar visa on-line – typically inside a day. For business minimizing the damaging non-monetary cost and maximizing the positive emotional desires is a case for understanding your customer’s. Locate grants, vouchers and assistance programs that are most relevant to your business.
I had almost lost hope until a pal of mine referred me to a really trustworthy lender called Mrs Cynthia Morgan who lend me an unsecured loan of $100,000 below two-hours for business and investment without having any stress. A craft business can be operated in more comfy clothes, like jeans or even pajamas. Your business savvy surely shines by way of in this outstanding address of competitive benefit-specifically, how proximity to one’s competitor(s) elements into the equation. Just to let you know that these going to the Business for Scotland Fb web page can no longer ‘like’ any comments that voice a conflicting opinion to their distinct business model.
By clicking Submit, you agree that Sprint or a Sprint Authorized Business Representative may possibly get in touch with you about your request and that Sprint might also send you added info about business solutions and other service and solution promotions to the e-mail address offered. Arranging starts with a assessment of existing financials, reviewing the business operations to identify improvements. Obtaining a limitation of funds and funding exposure approach … Read More ...
The fashion arena for mature women that after integrated muumuu dresses and ugly grandma sweaters is thankfully lengthy gone! Like a newspaper, BusinessWeek contains all the newest news, with properly researched facts and details, laid out in a format that is easy to follow. Sites providing supporting services, information and sources to business and business individuals, such as trade associations, educational institutions and training applications, business and financial news, events, etc. It is a excellent notion to get suggestions from your accountant as to which would be far more advantageous to your business. In Canada: You will want to speak to your nearby municipality to figure out what sort of business license you require. For those who aren’t familiar with this term, a contract roaster will roast in a wholesale capacity for your business. We supply no-price business counseling and coaching to get your business to the subsequent level.
His bottom line: A good ad is one that each is creatively rewarding and builds the business. A business need to be authorized to be classified as such, so it is not a really common entity amongst property cleaners. Constantly create a budget for your region of responsibility and adhere to it. Any deviations from it can be fairly damaging, but it will give you a clear strategy of what to do and what not to do and what to steer clear of. Three of the 4 women named as allegedly possessing had affairs with Seven CEO Tim Worner have fired off legal letters. These ideas will prove to be quite beneficial for nay individual who is prepared to start a business in a modest amount.
Al Jazeera America was the best-funded startup cable and satellite tv news channel in the US recent years following beginning operations in 2013. The Department … Read More ...
Understand about the a variety of business sources offered to ladies entrepreneurs from the U.S. Tiny Business Administration in this brief video. Of course the main point here is that Business for Scotland claims to be politically neutral, while the evidence points to deep-routed SNP assistance. We’d enjoy to hear from you and know that it will assist numerous other people who want to begin a business. Of coarse, we cannot all go out there are devote $500 a week advertising (I know I can not) but there are numerous approaches that you can do it that are very low cost or even Free!~ Here are some excellent suggestions for promoting your ARBONNE business for little or no expense!
Web sites that focus on the theoretical, practical or operational elements of a business enterprise: accounting, finance, human resources, management, marketing and advertising, and so forth. Contain all the subjects you need to persuade your potential clients that you are worthy of their trust and deserve their business. I know our small, neighborhood paper only price $18 for an ad that is a tiny bit larger then a business card, has colour, a border and graphics. Evernote acts as your digital study assistant, surfacing the teams’ most relevant operate alongside connected news from the sources you trust. The kit is only $99 and it involves everything you need to have to get began, like your website, business tools, catalogs, and numerous bags to display or use for your personal objective.
Unless you happen to be a woman that spends countless hours functioning out in a fitness center, (and who does that, unless you happen to be a rich celebrity), your ideal strategy of attack for shaping and sculpting the old body is going to come from wearing shapewear that provides firm … Read More ...
When you are venturing out for beginning a new business you ought to certainly feel of expense cutting. Arturo Planell, Visa nation manager for Myanmar, said at a press conference last week that the quantity of Visa cards in the nation had increased by 80 per cent last year, and he anticipated the development to continue this year. I am, by no implies, a massive time reptile breeder, and I never ever plan to be such I just have much more reptiles than the standard reptile owner of 1 or two. The plan was to implement the on-prem infrastructure, configure Hybrid for Skype for Business, and then move the customers in this distinct geography to the on-prem infrastructure whilst leaving all other users in the Online environment. You need to have the right mindset in order to begin your personal profitable business without quitting your job, or having to place up a lot of funds.
If you want to be taken seriously as a real brand and a reliable company, you ought to handle a website for your eCommerce business. From credit card processing, payroll and collection services to foreign exchange, Chase Business Banking has options that perform for you. The business was expanding so swiftly it was obtaining new customers faster than it could keep up with the orders coming in. Business apology letter opens the door for the attempts of reconciliation with the other party.
In many nations, it is tough to compile all the laws that can influence a business into a single reference supply. According to the Washington Technologies Insider Report 2015 , there is often a lack of transparency and mistrust in the majority of teaming relationships. Meanwhile, you can still announce your new business and collect sales by means of your on the web … Read More ...
Protecting workers against cancer-causing chemicals: Statement by Commissioner Thyssen following the agreement between the EU institutions
Peer Review meeting on the efficient transposition, implementation and enforcement of EU OSH legislation on 19-20 June 2018
Statistiques européennes sur les maladies professionnelles (SEMP) (2000) PDF The increasing use of portable computing and communication devices and its impact on the health of EU workers (2010) PDF The analysis and evaluation of the effects of the practical application of national legislation related to safety and health at work in mineral extraction through drilling - Directive 92/91/EEC (2013) PDF Evaluation of the practical implementation of the EU occupational safety and health (OSH) directives in EU Member States - Main report (2017) PDF Evaluation of the practical implementation of the EU occupational safety and health (OSH) directives in EU Member States - Executive summary (2017) PDF
Time-of-Use Plans Non-Proliferation Helpful Tips to Conserve Energy and Save Money Financing and public risk Solar PV - Rooftop C&I	85	194 Just Energy | PUCT 10052 UTILITY&INDUSTRY El Paso Electric (EPE) first began serving its customers on August 30, 1901. It was then known as the El Paso Electric Railway Company. Initially its primary business consisted of providing transportation via mule-drawn streetcars, which were replaced in 1902 with electric streetcars. Custom Plans for Business “We’d love to pay less,” Mrs Taboas said. Midwest Energy Cooperative Jump up ^ Ökonomische Bewertung von Umweltschäden METHODENKONVENTION 2.0 ZUR SCHÄTZUNG VON UMWELTKOSTEN (PDF; 799 kB), S. 27–29. Studie des Umweltbundesamtes (2012). Abgerufen am 23. Oktober 2013. STATE	JUNE 2018	JUNE 2017	VARIATION	CHANGE (%) Save money & energy Gexa Energy - Gexa Saver Premium 24	24 months	13.8¢ / kWh Obituaries Jump up ^ "Lazard's Levelized Cost of Energy Analysis - Version 11.0" (PDF). Lazard. 2017-11-02. Retrieved 2017-11-04. Fire safety revolves around reducing fuel, hardening communities to withstand ferocious fires and clearing vegetation from near electric lines. While these policies are not contradictory, there are obstacles to making them work in harmony. 1. Verify your address has a Smart Meter at our sign up page. *Free Weekends starts Friday at 6p.m. and end Sunday at 11:59p.m. Offer valid for new residential customers in Texas only. Provisioned smart meter required. Certain eligibility requirements, fees, taxes apply. If you cancel your plan early you will be charged a $135 early termination fee. Other Terms and Conditions may apply. PUCT number 10008. Learn More About Us Photo: TokenPhoto/Getty Images How to Read Your Meter less Verde Energy is committed to providing consumers with a high value 100% renewable energy offer and outstanding customer service. Tara Energy | PUCT 10051 Wellness Texas Electricity Companies At Your Fingertips Energy Vision 2020 prepaid more info Typically pricing of electricity from various energy sources may not include all external costs – that is, the costs indirectly borne by society as a whole as a consequence of using that energy source.[12] These may include enabling costs, environmental impacts, usage lifespans, energy storage, recycling costs, or beyond-insurance accident effects. Seattle City Light clearCategory It Can Be Cheaper to Go 100% Green Than Offset Only Part of Your Energy Use Apply filters & sorting to rapidly find your plan. By Elise Hansen and Katarina Zimmer	on Aug 16, 2018 Discounted Electricity & Natural Gas Bill. Buy Cheap Electricity & Gas Online Thank you for your patience during our system upgrade. If you need more time to pay, please sign in and select “Need more time to pay” or call us at 800-542-8818. These are not minor factors but very significantly affect all responsible power decisions: How much does a kilowatt/hr cost? Overseas spending cards calculator How much does your debit or dredit card charge abroad? See Similar Items 500W DC 12V 16V To AC 18V 0-220V-380V DC To AC Inverter Boost Board Step Up Power Module Converter Transformer High Energy Efficiency Long Life Low Power Consumption Energy Saving US$13.25 (14) AD BLOCKER INTERFERENCE DETECTED JUL 28 Humble For Businesses Rebates through Hawaii Energy You must be logged in to leave a comment. | Login | Sign Up Links Payment Locations Get Our Free Money Tips Email! South Dakota	9.68	10.00	3.2	89.5	20 Overpayments Calculator Best Thermostat Types & Temperature Settings Constellation - 12 Month fixed residential	12 months	10.7¢ / kWh Arts+Life Texas deregulated most of the state's electricity markets in 2002, a move aimed at lowering electricity costs by letting consumers choose their own electric power providers and their own plans. Some parts of Texas continued to be regulated, including those that get power from municipal utilities, electric cooperatives and investor-owned utilities that operate outside the state's primary power grid. No Deposit Electricity Rates — S.evans Laser Accessories Amazon Prime Video Review & Guide States that have elecricity deregulation £ 98.50 inc. vat New Hampshire A Normal Font Size Nuclear Basics SCANA Energy By Tom Banse • Dec 6, 2017 Violations. The Public Utility Commission of Texas keeps watch over providers to make sure customers are treated fairly. Make sure the supplier you're interested in hasn't been charged with multiple violations. Special Sections Disposable Nappies iMars(2) XIAOMI(1) Subscribe Now Subscribe Written byDave Lieber, The Watchdog columnist Connect with Dave Lieber On Twitter Email The price you pay for electricity depends on numerous factors including (but not limited to) your location, time of year, consumption, and market changes/disruptions. Whether you’re in a regulated or deregulated market, your bill should clearly state the rate you pay per kWh. Inventories/stocks Fort Belknap Electric Cooperative 855-780-5209 Buy and Manage AEP Stock Power Delivery Environmental information about electricity Life is uncertain, so will your system. A good PSU will give you a better guarantee on a prolong PC even if nothing explode, a good PSU can filter the electricity going into the system in order to prolong the lifespan of your components. In addition, A PSU usually last a lot longer than the amount of CPU/GPU that people switch out throughout the lifetime of a PSU. How long is the contract? Lots of sites can say 'CHEAPEST ELECTRICITY IN TEXAS!', but only Texas Electricity Ratings gives you the tools to know you're getting a great company to go with the cheap rate. Because what good is a cheap rate if your bills get screwed up and your payments get lost? We've collected thousands of reviews from customers just like you, who need to save money on their electricity bill but don't want the headaches and hassles of a fly-by-night electricity supplier. Easton Utilities Help Sat 8:00am-8:00pm Weighted Average City of Starke Utilities Department Texas[edit] "Personally, I only look at it if I want to use something in my house," McAlpin explained. State Nods to Youth Tour Entergy Arkansas, Inc. Paper Towels Then read the fine print — and do the math — to find out how much you're really going to pay. Hemmings Get a sneak preview... Post Your Profile Environmental Highlights Share story Download Limits and Fair Usage Policies Utah Subscriber Solar Program Politics Direct Your Energy Usage Insights Chalk & Lines It doesn’t. Our publisher, News Corp Australia, does not earn a fee or commission. And you don’t need to be a subscriber to take up the offer. Move Center See What We Offer Katy energy suppliers Crossref 360 Web of Science 325 Scopus 454 How to Start Saving USA TODAY NETWORK Volcanic lava flows continue to affect geothermal power generation on Hawaii’s Big Island Barclays launches caller ID service to fight scams mid-call My Power Usage Skip to main content Sign In Menu Amigo Energy | PUCT 10081 Consensus 2017 Commissioning and first fuel loading	5% Kitchen The student's guide to gas and electricity bills Delivery Charge	$4.384 cents per kWh + $9.00	$4.384 cents per kWh + $9.00	$4.384 cents per kWh + $9.00 10 Year Warranty Distributed generation Sim Only Plans 0 Comparison services are paid between £20 and £70 per switch by the energy companies. In other words, they're referral businesses. In itself this isn't actually a problem, as it doesn't add costs to the consumer. Watchdog Citizens Advice has an accreditation system for website (not phone) services, setting minimum standards. Swap out less efficient incandescent light bulbs for LEDs or CFL bulbs. Tax Cuts-Jobs Act Credit: A credit authorized by the Michigan Public Service Commission to reflect the impacts of the federal corporate tax reduction resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Storm Restoration Process Enter Your Zip Code Wheeling Electric Power (AEP Ohio) California Burning Was the difference just in the amount saved? If the tariff you should switch to is identical, but the saving isn't, this is less of a worry – it's far more likely to be about assumptions. Student Loans 2017 The average electric rate is 13.15 cents per kilowatt hour (kWh). 3of 3A worker checks on one of the systems under maintenance at NRG's TH Wharton Generating Station on Tuesday, April 3, 2018, in Houston.Photo: Brett Coomer, Staff / Houston Chronicle Environmental Disclosures copyright © glimp or call us at 1-844-814-6394 See If Your Address is in a High-Fire Threat Zone Minnesota	14.09¢ / kWh	13.96¢ / kWh	UP	0.931 % 5 important stories that were lost in last week’s news dump Think Energy NBN Speeds Explained Although electricity prices in the UK aren't cheap some countries have it much worse. In this article I'm going compare internationally to look at who is paying more $/kWh for their energy. I’ve gathered some numbers and crunched a little data to see who is really paying a lot for their power. For my neighbour here in the UK I’ll add a bit more data at the end. Preferred Customers Together, we make stronger communities Water Heating: Heating water accounts for 19% of the state’s household electric usage. Is there a contract? How long is it? Are there any exit fees if I leave? 2.28	Nebraska Norsk Språk Personalize your online experience to stay up-to-date on news, events and other information. 2009: $635 Income & Family Go to full Income & Family section OREC estimated it would take $300 million just to get Scotland’s wave-energy production up to commercial speed—much less the rest of Europe or the U.S. "Personally, I only look at it if I want to use something in my house," McAlpin explained. Story of Environmental Progress JUL 28 Energy Efficiency, Conservation & Savings Information — Dodd UMERC tariffs (rates) Others Dansk Key Performance Metrics Let Texas electricity companies compete for your Texas electric service and join thousands that have switched for significant savings. Here are some useful local links: Equipped with 4 PCI-E Connectors for Graphics Cards Cheap Car Hire When is the cashback paid? Natural Gas Best Electric Company In Canton Texas | Switch Electricity Company Today Best Electric Company In Canton Texas | Great Electric Rates Best Electric Company In Canton Texas | Cheap Power
Wrecking & Utility Bars landscape-tablet-and-medium-wide-browser You can sort, filter, and shop by pricing at YOUR specific usage level, which lets you shop and compare electricity plans based on the rates you’ll actually experience on your bill, inclusive of hidden fees and taxes. This ensures you’re not misled by the cheaper rates often advertised by electric providers…those “teaser rates” associated with higher usage levels that many households never enjoy because their usage level never reaches that pricing tier. Retro Fridges Thermostats Our Story For more help switching energy via comparison sites click here France	0.179	0.094 My Reliant Laundry & Dishwasher Enhanced Typesetting: Enabled Stan shows to watch Residential Customer Service To register interest in taking up the offer go to https://switchtoqenergy.com.au/sundaytelegraph/ and enter the code STELEQE02. Have your latest bill handy because the registration page asks you to upload a copy of it. The local electric company is the utility – that’s the company who owns the infrastructure, including the poles and power lines that deliver electricity to your home. They are who you call if your power goes out or there's an emergency. But in almost every city in Texas, you must choose another company to supply that energy, called a Retail Electric Provider (REP). These REPs, like Spark Energy, allow you to choose electricity plans that offer competitive prices and plans to meet your needs. Zero Standing Charge Tariffs In 2005, we took the decision (having made a big fuss about it), that, ultimately it was more important to encourage people to save big money by getting the best tariff easily and switching at the right moment, than to berate comparison sites for small differences. Why do they only pay cashback via this site? Broadband Compare lets you compare internet providers and compare broadband plans in NZ. Npower	9.8% (16 Mar 2017)	£110 No conditional discounts narrow-browser-and-phone Arizona	13.16¢ / kWh	12.65¢ / kWh	UP	4.031 % 2	Current Global Studies Estimated cost per MWh for wind power in Denmark as of 2012 Motorcycles & Accessories Lewisville Select the best match for your monthly electricity usage (in kwh): Gas & Electricity Do you believe that this item violates a copyright? Click here Many scholars,[specify] such as Paul Joskow, have described limits to the "levelized cost of electricity" metric for comparing new generating sources. In particular, LCOE ignores time effects associated with matching production to demand. This happens at two levels: Texas	1,156 Write a Review Diamond Energy	Market Offer	10%	$1,729.69	2 years Find/Post a job 7.92 >1000 kWh/M © 2018 Eversource, All rights reserved. On November 2, 2017 the investment bank Lazard released version 11[71] of their LCOE report and version 3[72] of their LCOS report.[73] 2013	[58]	2018	100.1	67.1	65.6	108.4	86.6	221.5	144.3	261.5 Wrecking & Utility Bars 5.0 out of 5 starsLatest, up to date, research. Saturday 7:30am-5:00pm CT TV Listings Packages UT Low Electricity Rates • Charitable • No Hassles • No Worries Environmental News CCR Rule Compliance Data and Information Tony Ferguson Weight Loss Shakes A feed-in tariff (FIT) is an energy-supply policy that supports the development of renewable power generation. FITs give financial benefits to renewable power producers. In the United States, FIT policies guarantee that eligible renewable generators will have their electricity purchased by their utility.[2] The FIT contract contains a guaranteed period of time (usually 15–20 years) that payments in dollars per kilowatt hour ($/kWh) will be made for the full output of the system. Braintree Electric Light Department High Street Sales Your neighbors have already switched electricity providers with Choose Energy Manage Your Content and Devices Transmission Cooker & Oven Bounce Energy Easy Fixed 3	3 months	$0.097 / kWh Compare Travel Insurance SEE RESIDENTIAL ELECTRICITY PLANS Format: Kindle EditionVerified Purchase Works by Amory Lovins Texas Electricity For Your Home Mega Pack On your monthly bills! 1,722 COMPARE BROADBAND BY TYPE Stay tuned for other States & Territories If you want to change the meter itself (perhaps you're changing a prepaid to a standard meter), then it's best to get written permission from your landlord first. Government Regulation Breaking News As wind and solar capacity climbs, the returns of usable power diminish because of increasing curtailment during surges that the grid cannot absorb. More and more intermittent capacity has to be pushed onto the grid to get less and less additional renewable electricity. The dynamic of soaring overcapacity and falling prices is the inevitable result of the fundamental inability of intermittent wind and solar generators to efficiently match supply to demand. CLOSE CLOSE MicroGrid	Lead-Acid	433	946 This is how Bitcoin works Report Outage This tends to mean it does well on feedback charts, as customers have a vested interest, and many of them are evangelical about the firm. That in itself doesn't make the product bad, but in our view it's no better or worse than any other energy provider. 5% on up to £2,500 Press Statements Electric oven Taiwan	Priced into a sliding scale at a kWh/month, residential service (low-voltage)[a] Utilities & Phones Go to full Utilities & Phones section TXU Energy	Direct Energy	Reliant By Lisa Desjardins Getting the Best Broadband Deals Our best electric companies Pearland, TX Oklahoma Cheapest in Louisiana 1.5 hours/day Winners You can save money each month by using less electricity and avoiding the higher-priced tier. Prices do not vary throughout the day. $0.09529 per kWh Play Video Choosing the right rate plan for youOpens a modal window Victorians are inundated with different incentives to try and persuade them to sign up with a particular electricity provider. For example, Lumo Energy has a rewards program called ‘Lumo Ameego’ whereby customers can benefit from discounts at a range of retailers. You can also get money off cinema and theme park tickets, amongst other things. Other providers offer a credit on your first bill when you sign up online, usually a fairly modest $50 or $100. Meanwhile others try to attract customers based on their hobbies – be it going to the movies, or supporting a sports team. For example, Simply Energy has an energy plan promising ‘free’ Gold Class movie tickets over two years and has also had a plan targeted at AFL footy fans. (LAUGHTER) View Electric Rates FOR CITIES NEAR Houston 12.2¢ Project engineering, procurement and construction management	7% Use ceiling and standing fans to circulate air Garland Power & Light TriEagle Energy Eagle 36	36 months	$0.084/ kWh Colombia (Bogota)	18.05	Jun 1, 2013	[28] Updated on Our Work Online Account Disclaimer Stream Energy Jon Talton 1Home services, home warranty and commercial generator offer, installation and maintenance are provided by Reliant Energy Retail Services LLC dba Reliant, a wholly owned subsidiary of NRG Energy, Inc. Zero-down and third-party financing is subject to credit approval. A limited warranty on each generator is provided by the respective manufacturer of each generator. Reliant Energy Retail Services LLC is in no way affiliated with the generator manufacturers and except for optional maintenance plans or extended warranties that may be purchased, Reliant Energy Retail Services makes no additional representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the generators or the manufacturer’s products or services. See terms and conditions for specific warranty details. If your direct debit is way off kilter, call up and ask for it to be changed. You have a range of rights to ensure it's correct. See the full Energy Direct Debits guide for template letters. Check your eligibility And yet that’s not what’s happening. In fact, it’s the opposite. List of organizations in the US power industry With jobs short but power cheap, Kosovars get mining - cryptocurrency NSW Providers Delaware Electric Cooperative Goodall’s main challenge now may simply be keeping this interesting book up to date. It’s a challenge I’m familiar with; as the author of a book in a related field (climate change and agriculture), I’m keenly aware that there is new research all the time. In solar energy there is the added drive of entrepreneurial research. Since The Switch was published, there have already been breakthroughs in (for example) perovskites, while the International Energy Agency has announced that half a million solar panels were installed every day in 2015. Goodall maintains a website (called Carbon Commentary) on which he tracks recent developments. Electricity is regulated in the majority of states. If you’re in a regulated market, a single utility offers electric services by generating or buying electricity, storing it and delivering it to customers. University of Chicago, August 2004, The Economic Future of Nuclear Power. Idaho	10.55¢ / kWh	10.19¢ / kWh	UP	3.532 % All Sections 3 min/day eNotes So, he must not be very happy with the moratorium. Louisiana 9.53 1 Texas 11.53	15 Manage Your Account Maine	16.27¢ / kWh	16.18¢ / kWh	UP	0.556 % Maximize your energy savings at home. ORDER NOW Oregon Clean Electricity Plan Simply send us one recent electric bill from your current provider (all pages please). You can upload a .PDF, send a fax and even text a picture of it to (713) 582-6787. En Español Electricity Providers Crowell TX | Change Electricity Provider Electricity Providers Crowell TX | Cheap Electricity Now Electricity Providers Crowell TX | Cheap Electricity Plans
YKD-1Y series pop up products can be inside equipment with Panasonic 120 type function accessories 3gang or 2gang 118 type function accessories according to customers requirements ,and combined at all , it is applicable to everywhere for indoor ground for getting power ,telephone ,TV ,computer wire and cable to transmit electric energy and signal .it is easy to use .it doesn't affect pass and cleaning when closing .with special connecting terminal , and easy to connect , infiltration resistant design makes it safe and reliable
The adidas Yeezy 350 Boost “Pirate Black” will be officially restocking on February 19th, and according to adidas the restock/re-release will be more widely available than its first release back in August 2015.
While we gave you news that we’ll be getting a brand new adidas Yeezy 350 Boost on February 19th, adidas has confirmed that instead of dropping one of the many new colorways set for 2016 they’ll give us a bunch more “Pirate Black” Yeezy 350s since the first release sold-out quickly and left many without a pair.
The good news is that twice as many pairs will be available this time around, which will help resell prices and keeping Kanye’s word that everyone will get Yeezys.
Look for the adidas Yeezy 350 Boost Pirate Black re-release to be widely available on February 19th, 2016 at select adidas Originals retail stores. The retail price tag is set at $200 USD.
UPDATE: The “Black” Yeezy Boost 350 makes its second debut tomorrow to select adidas Originals retail stores like Solebox. This release will be more widely available than the first pair that debuted back in 2015. Good luck!
UPDATE: The adidas Yeezy 350 Boost “Pirate Black” is back and will be re-releasing at shops like Solebox on February 19th.
UPDATE: The Black colorway of the adidas Yeezy 350 Boost will be released on Friday, February 19th, 2016 through adidas.com and select global retailers worldwide and will have a suggested retail price of $200 USD.
Available only in the U.S. market, adidas will offer reservations at select adidas retail locations in NYC, Chicago and LA prior to release day through the adidas Confirmed APP – a first-of-its-kind sneaker reservation app that simplifies the reservation process, putting consumers first. The app can be downloaded from the apple app store or android play store and will allow you to reserve your pair on Thurday, February 18th.
UPDATE: adidas has confirmed that the “Pirate Black” Yeezy 350 Boost will be returning on February 19th at adidas.com/yeezy. The release will be exactly like the first release and will not include any differences.
Founder and Editor in Chief. My passion for sneakers started at age 6 and now I've turned my passion into a profession. Favorite Kicks - Air Jordan 3 "Black Cement"
SBD provides millions of monthly visitors with sneaker updates on Jordan, Nike, Adidas, plus much more. SBD is quickly becoming one of the top sneaker sources on the web.
Actor Richard Widmark hired ECBB to reconstruct this 1820's school house well, now used as a wishing well, which he donated to the town of Roxbury, Connecticut.
Deputies said Cody Cowan, 20, of Wichita fell asleep at the wheel of a 2002 Oldsmobile Alero at 1 a.m. June 26, veered off the road, and hit an iron post owned by Nick Kraus.
Dylan Beekman, 22, of Junction City hit a deer with his 2010 Chevy Cobalt at 5:04 a.m. July 2. The Chevy had to be towed.
A 2007 Dodge Caravan driven by Amber Holub, 17, of rural Tampa sideswiped a Marion police car driven by officer Brandon Mitchell, 33, as Holub pulled away from a curb at 4:50 p.m. July 2, sheriff’s deputies reported.
Because of confusion over the listing of Driver 1 on Line 2 and Driver 2 on Line 1 of an official accident report, the drivers and vehicles were reversed in printed editions of the newspaper.
A driver and a passenger complained of injuries and both drivers were charged after what deputies said was a two-vehicle hit-and-run accident at 5:20 p.m. July 3.
Deputies said Andrew Wiens, 34, of Herington slowed his 1999 GMC Sierra, causing a 2012 Chevy Malibu driven by David Bryan, 22, of Junction City to rear-end the pickup.
Wiens, who was reported to have fled, was charged with failure to stop at an injury accident and failure to render aid or provide information or proof of insurance. Bryan was charged with failing to wear a seat belt.
Both Bryan and passenger Jay Cartavius, 20, of a different Junction City address complained of injuries.
Tyrisha Rooks, 19, of Fort Riley drifted onto US-56’s shoulder at 7:30 p.m. July 3, losing control of her 2008 Dodge Ram 1500 pickup and sending it into a ditch.
Janice Bovee, 61, of Galva was reported injured when she lost control of her 2004 Chevy Impala on gravel at 2 p.m. July 4 and the car struck an embankment and ended up in a field.
Deputies indicated they checked whether alcohol was involved but results were listed as pending, and no charges were reported filed.
Christopher Ramsey, 38, of North Bend, Washington, hit a deer with his 2009 Honda motorcycle at 9:30 p.m. July 4 and ended up in the ditch.
Both he and passenger Donna Ramsey, 32, of the same address complained of possible injuries, deputies said. Neither was wearing a helmet. Their motorcycle had to be towed.
Daniel Hoskins, 23, of Valley Center hit a deer with his 2007 Chevrolet Cobalt at 12:45 a.m. July 6.
Neither he nor passenger Taylr Twiss, 22, of Wichita, was reported injured, but his car had to be towed.
A 1993 Ford Taurus driven by Devorah Hilliard, 27, of Peabody read-ended a 2013 Ford F-15 pickup driven by Johnny Ray Gilkey, 33, of Hillsboro while Gilkey was stopped to make a left turn, police said.
Hilliard, who told police she fell asleep, was accused of inattentive driving and having no proof of insurance.
Services for Leona C. Widler, 105, were Friday at Zeiner Funeral Home, Florence. Burial was at Hillcrest Cemetery, Florence. She died July 19 at Legacy Park, Peabody.
Born Sept. 13, 1904, in Florence to Henry and Mary (Bournout) Roberts, she graduated from Summit School and on Oct. 11, 1922, married Arthur Widler in Marion.
Also preceding her in death were a son, Jack, in 2006; three brothers, Numa, Jule, and Clyde Roberts; and three sisters, Alice Spencer, Bertha Widler, and Ida Clark.
Survivors include daughter Dorene Kirkpatrick of Florence, three grandchildren, and four great-grandchildren.
Memorial funds have been established with the Florence ambulance service and the Alzheimer’s Association.
Aug. 14: Officers took a theft report where three patrons left a restaurant without paying for their meals.
Aug. 15: Police took two reports of burglary; the first was at Tabor College but nothing appeared to be missing, and in the second, two mini bikes were stolen from a residence on Main St. Officers also responded to an animal welfare complaint.
Aug. 17: Officers handled reports of a reckless driver, suspicious activity, and a person operating an ATV. Police also responded to a parking complaint, a threat complaint, and a second report of suspicious activity. In addition, police responded to a disturbance in which an intoxicated person was upset about a traffic complaint.
Aug. 5: Police issued a verbal warning to a juvenile female on an electric scooter on the street and assisted a disabled vehicle downtown.
Aug. 6: Police responded to a dog-at-large call, performed a welfare check on a person sitting by the elementary school, and assisted in subduing a combative man at St. Luke.
Aug. 7: Police responded to a dog at large, a report of a man riding an ATV on Freeborn St., and detained a juvenile on a pick up and detain order and transported him or her to detention center in Junction City.
Aug. 8: Police responded to a call of a disruptive patron at Casey’s General Store and took a report of several juveniles shooting Air Soft guns and hitting pedestrians on Main St.
Aug. 11: Police took a suspicious vehicle report and moved a turtle out of the middle of the street.
Wednesday: Police detonated a World War I grenade with the help of Wichita bomb squad after a resident brought it into the police station and responded to a disturbance on North Cedar St.
Saturday: Police assisted Marion Ambulance, took a report of a noise complaint, took a report of disorderly conduct, and took a report of theft by a juvenile.
Aug. 12: Police were called to assist with a child custody issue that turned out to be a civil matter.
Aug. 13: A report was taken of a runaway juvenile; the juvenile has not returned home. Gary Hubman, 55 of Peabody, was arrested on a charge of illegal window tint.
Aug. 16: Police recovered a stolen motorcycle from Newton. Jared Weems, Peabody, was arrested on a municipal court warrant.
Aug. 18: Officers provided an outside assist to Marion County Sheriff’s department on a domestic issue in the county. Jeff Madson, 56, of Peabody was arrested on charges of public intoxication, probation violation, and possession of drug paraphernalia. Police responded to a domestic disturbance in the 200 block of N. Maple St. The husband left with two children. No arrests were made.
It's Bume. I recieved several messages about his tking. Then he proceeded to tk/rejoin while I was on. He is taking a break.
Exterior Hand Wash, Wax and Interior, Service includes wash and wax, complete interior including door jambs and vacuum.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) September 2018 (3) August 2018 (4) July 2018 (9) June 2018 (10) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (1) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (9) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (4) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (2) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (9) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (12) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (3) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (1) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (22) July 2015 (31) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (19) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (13) February 2015 (11) January 2015 (14) December 2014 (15) November 2014 (11) October 2014 (11) September 2014 (11) August 2014 (14) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (11) May 2014 (12) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (11) December 2013 (8) November 2013 (11) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (9) July 2013 (7) June 2013 (2) May 2013 (6) April 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (6) October 2012 (8) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (3) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (10) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (5) September 2011 (2) August 2011 (15) July 2011 (1)
For Luisa Chavez, a twenty-three year old former beauty queen, a better life has always been just out of her reach. Sure, she’s had men at her feet since she was a young teenager but she’s never had the one thing she’s craved – security. Having grown up in near poverty, her waitressing job in Cabo San Lucas can barely let her take care of herself, let alone her ailing parents. Every day is another unwanted advance, every day is a struggle to survive.
When Salvador Reyes, the depraved leader of a major Mexican cartel, takes an interest in her, Luisa is presented with an opportunity she can’t afford to pass up. She’ll become Salvador’s wife and exchange her freedom and body for a life of riches – riches she can bestow upon her deserving parents. But Luisa quickly finds out that even the finest wines and jewels can’t undo the ugliness in her marriage, nor the never-ending violence that threatens her every move.
Soon, Luisa is looking for an escape, a way out of the carefully controlled life she’s leading. She finally gets her wish in the worst way possible.
As it is, being the wife of Salvador makes her an ideal target for rival cartels and there’s one particular man who needs Luisa as part of his cartel’s expansion. One particular man whose quest for power has destroyed lives, slit throats and gotten him out of an American prison. One particular man who will stop at nothing until he gets what he wants.
“Mama, papa,” I said. I cleared my throat and straightened up in my chair. Even though my mother couldn’t see me, I felt her looking. Only my dad remained lost in lost thoughts, and for once I was okay that he would have no reaction. “I met a man.”
“Oh?” my mother asked, her interest piqued by the foreign subject. “Who is he? Where did you meet him? Do you like him?”
“I met him at work,” I said, skirting the other questions and shoving a piece of stewed tomato in my mouth. I chewed slowly, planning my words. “He took an interest in me. He is very wealthy and has promised me the world.”
Her face fell slightly. “I see.” She paused, pushing her plate away from her. “I am not surprised, Luisa. You are a beautiful, intelligent woman. I am only surprised that this is the first man you have talked about to us.”
The room stilled, choking on silence and the oppressive heat. My heart throbbed with fear from just hearing those words out loud.
I couldn’t read my mother’s expression at all. She was in shock, that was for sure, but whether she was happy, sad, angry or suspicious, I didn’t know. Finally she said, “When did this happen?”
“A few days ago,” I told her. He had come into the bar every day, sometimes with David, that creepy crony of his who always wore his shades inside. A few times, though, it was just Salvador. I never had any doubt that there was an army of people stationed all around, so we were never really alone, but it was during those times that he would ask me to have dinner with him, even if I was in the middle of the shift. At this point, Bruno knew who he was and what was going on, and he had to allow me as many breaks as I wanted. Salvador controlled the entire bar from the moment he stepped into it until the moment he left.
The curious thing, however, was that each day I grew more comfortable with his presence. It wasn’t that I was less scared or intimidated by him. It was just that I got used to the fear. The fear of Salvador, of what he wanted from me, of what he would do next, became as soft and easy as my favorite blanket. And because he was the scariest of them all, I no longer feared anyone else but him. Bruno, he was nothing in comparison. My terrors had become consolidated into one greasy, mustached man with a beer gut and bad hair. A man who ruled such a violent part of the world and who would now rule mine.
Because, when he asked me the other day, when I had finished my shift early and he insisted I walk down to the marina with him, I knew I had to say yes.
If I was being honest with myself, there was a part of me that could have swooned at the proposal. When Salvador got down on one knee and took my hand in his, his palms sweaty, his fingers large and fat, I tricked my mind and heart into momentarily believing that Salvador knew me, cared for me, loved me. Of course, he only wanted me to look good at his side and that was it. Well, that and be in his bed. What else could there be after just a few weeks?
So I said yes and tried to believe I meant it. If I said no, I would be killed. There was no doubt about that. No woman turned down Salvador Reyes, not for a date, not for marriage.
“I will treat you like a princess,” he had said to me, a stupid, lopsided grin on his pockmarked face. “And you will have everything you ever wanted. You’ll be richer than the President.”
And that’s when I found the tiny shred of hope to cling to. By marrying the country’s most notorious drug lord, a man who had politicians and police under his thumb, a man with more money than he probably knew what to do with, I would be buying myself safety from everyone but him, and I would be buying me and my parents a life we would never get to experience otherwise. I would no longer have to work for Bruno. I could have my mother and father taken care of and their every whim catered to.
It was at that thought that I was finally able to give Salvador a genuine smile. He responded by kissing me for the first time, his mustache tickling my upper lip. I wished it could have meant something to me, but all I could do was concentrate on the two competing feelings in my chest: relief.
“Did you say yes?” my mother asked quietly, snapping me back to reality, to the kitchen table with the one wobbly leg, to the overhead fan that did nothing to disperse the hot air, to my father’s kind but desolate eyes as he stared curiously at my mother, perhaps seeing her for the first time today.
She gave me a funny look. “You act as if marriage is a bargain you have to make.” When I didn’t say anything, she went on. “So what is the bargain here?”
“He has a lot of money, I told you. He will take care of me and I can take proper care of you.” I quickly reached across the table and put my hand on hers. “Mama, please, this is a good thing.”
“And what does he do?” she asked, her voice taking on a strange steely quality. She knew that no wealth in our country came honestly.
There was nothing for me to do but tell the truth. The truth would hurt her, but it would also keep her safe.
My mother’s mouth dropped open while my father muttered the first words I’d heard from him all evening. “Salvador Reyes,” he said, musing over it. “He is a bad, bad man.” Of course he could forget his own wife and daughter sometimes, but a notorious drug lord lived in every memory.
“Salvador Reyes. The Sal? The drug lord? The jackal?” She shook her head and folded her hands in her lap. “No. No, I refuse to believe this.”
“I wish I could say, Mama. I don’t know. He thinks I am beautiful and worthy of a better life.” He thinks I am worthy of his bed.
She snorted caustically. “A better life? Who does he think he is? Has he been here? We are not living in squalor, Luisa. We have everything that we need right here.”
“No, we don’t!” I yelled, surprised by the ferocity in my voice. “Every day I struggle to get by, for you, for Papa. And it’s still not enough.”
She rubbed her lips together, taken aback. I could see the wash of shame on her face and I immediately regretted losing my temper.
“I’m sorry,” I said quickly. “You know I’ve done everything to take care of the both of you and I’ll do whatever I can to keep doing so. This is an opportunity —“
Her words sent cold waves down my spine. I swallowed hard. “No,” I said, though I didn’t believe it myself. “He can protect me. I will go and live with him in a mansion in Culiacán. I will be safe, safer than anyone in the country. And you will be safe too. I will make sure that you and Papa are taken care of, you can live with us on the compound or stay here, in some place really nice. I will do whatever it takes. I am doing this for you.”
She just shook her head, a few strands of her greying hair coming loose around her face. “This is wrong. You deserve to marry a man for love, not money.”
Her mouth twisted into a sad smile. “Oh, Luisa, I know you are not that naïve! He is a drug lord. They do not know how to love a fellow human being. They only love money and they only love death. He will never love you. He will have other women on the side. You will never be able to leave. You will become a prisoner of his life.”
Is it any different than being a prisoner to this life? I thought to myself. I sighed. “You know I have no choice. Whether I’ll love him or not, whether he’ll love me or not, you know I can’t say no.”
I thought my mother would admonish me for talking so fatalistically, but she understood. There was nothing easy or right about this situation, so there was nothing left for me to do but try and make the best of it.
I looked pointedly at her and my father. “As do the both of you. And now, we shall have more. Let’s just ignore the cost for now.”
She nodded and went back to her food, picking aimlessly at the chicken that had grown cold. Now that she knew of the weight on my shoulders, she didn’t have an appetite either.
With her USA Today Bestselling The Artists Trilogy published by Grand Central Publishing, numerous foreign publication deals, and self-publishing success with her Experiment in Terror series, Vancouver-born Karina Halle is a true example of the term “Hybrid Author.” Though her books showcase her love of all things dark, sexy and edgy, she’s a closet romantic at heart and strives to give her characters a HEA…whenever possible. Karina holds a screenwriting degree from Vancouver Film School and a Bachelor of Journalism from TRU. Her travel writing, music reviews/interviews and photography have appeared in publications such as Consequence of Sound, Mxdwn and GoNomad Travel Guides. She currently lives on an island on the coast of British Columbia where she’s preparing for the zombie apocalypse with her husband and rescue pup.
DISCLAIMER Chris' Book Blog Emporium claims no credit for any images linked to or on this site unless otherwise noted. Images on this blog are copyright to their respective owners. If there is an image appearing on this blog that belongs to you and do not wish for it appear on this site, please E-mail with a link to said image and it will be promptly removed.
This writing handbook provides integrated writing instruction with a variety of practice exercises. In workbook format, students will learn about the parts of speech, grammar, basics of writing, and how to master sentence skills. Exercises alternate between sentence structure & grammar and composition skills. Paragraph assignments encourage children to write about familiar topics, while the step-by-step approach fosters confidence! 168 pages, softcover. Book A, Grades 2-4. Answers are not included.
A tribute to the completion of Zargata's "Fishing for Kraken" comic series (http://starmen.net/comics/series/fishkraken/), in the form of a coloured Krakenist.
And now for something completely different. This is the King Banana, that famous item from the Monkey Cave, if it was actually living. Watch out for Man K. Man, or your kingdom will be in peril!
All they wanted to do was celebrate the New Year, but it seems there was a slight miscalculation in the fireworks. No, I don't hate Lucas. Happy 2009, everybody!
To know so early on that his existence is meaningless...thanks to that one thing. I can't even begin to imagine how the hint man must feel.
'Chestnuts roast on an open Soul Consuming Flame...' Ironically, part of this was made during a power outage. Go figure. This is my last Holiday Funfest '08 submission.
Age-old battle techniques mastered after centuries of training. Though it may have been around for an age or two, it knows what works and what doesn't - as it has had ample time to prepare itself. Visitors to Tanetane Island, take heed, especially if you seem not to be yourself at any point in time. Though this creature may seem small and frail at first glance, be wary, for, as many know, underestimation could lead to results most disastrous.
Before Pokey's letter arrives. Ness and his mother in the beginnings of a hug. Meant to draw them actually hugging, but...
Late to join the party, but I did this in celebration of MOTHER's 20th, along with 2 other drawings.
Made a few months ago. Was feeling unusually happy in the midst of all that upheaval...decided to capture that joy in solid, visible form, while it still lasted.
Yes. A comparative market analysis and an appraisal are the two most common and reliable ways to determine a home's value.
Your real estate agent can provide a comparative market analysis, an informal estimate of value based on the recent selling price of similar neighborhood properties. Reviewing comparable homes that have sold within the past year along with the listing, or asking, price on current homes for sale should prevent you from overpricing your home or underestimating its value.
A certified appraiser can provide an appraisal of a home. After visiting the home to check such things as the number of rooms, improvements, size and square footage, construction quality, and the condition of the neighborhood, the appraiser then reviews recent comparable sales to determine the estimated value of the home.
You also can check recent sales in public records, through private firms, and on the Internet to help you determine a home’s potential worth.
The short answer: a home is ultimately worth what is paid for it. Everything else is really an estimate of value. Take, for example, a hot seller’s market when demand for housing is high but the inventory of available homes for sale is low. During this time, homes can sell above and beyond the asking price as buyers bid up the price. The fair market value, or worth, is established when “a meeting of the minds” between you and the buyer takes place.
A certified appraiser who is trained to provide the estimated value of a home determines its appraised value. The appraised value is based on comparable sales, the condition of the property, and several other factors.
Market value is the price the house will bring at a given point in time, once you and the buyer establish a “meeting of the minds” on price.
The list price is your advertised price, or asking price, for a home. It is a rough estimate of what you want to complete a home sale. A good way to determine if the list price is a fair one is to look at the sale prices of similar homes that have recently sold in the area.
They can certainly be held accountable, particularly if they had prior knowledge of a material fact or should have known about it.
For example, if the seller has to use pans to collect water after a heavy rain, it is the agent’s responsibility to question the seller about the integrity of the roof, and then relay this information to potential buyers. However, if the seller deliberately hides a defect from the agent for which the agent had no prior knowledge, then the agent is not accountable.
Experts say agents are not home inspectors, but they are expected to use their best judgment when something appears suspicious.
Disclosure could protect you from a lawsuit. Today, home sellers in most states must now fill out a form disclosing material facts about their homes. Material facts are details about the home’s condition or legal status, as well as the age of various components.
If your state does not require a written disclosure, the real estate laws probably require sellers to disclose any known problems with the home they are selling.
The following examples include details that would qualify as material facts that must be revealed by sellers about their homes:
Some things are not material facts and do not have to be disclosed. They include personal information about the seller and the seller’s reason for moving.
Among those things that may or may not be material facts: whether a death took place in the home or whether a home is considered haunted.
The interest rate on a purchase money note is negotiable, as are the other terms in a seller-financed transaction. To get an idea about what to charge, sellers can check with a lender or mortgage broker to determine current rates on mortgage loans, including second mortgages.
Because sellers, unlike conventional lenders, do not charge loan fees or points, seller-financed costs are generally less than those associated with conventional home loans.
Understandably, most sellers are not open to making a loan for a lower return than could be invested at a more profitable rate of return elsewhere. So the interest rates they charge may be higher than those on conventional loans, and the length of the loan shorter, anywhere from five to 15 years.
Seller financing is a viable option when the seller does not immediately need the entire cash equity they have accumulated in the home.
In return for providing financial assistance to the buyer, the seller receives tax benefits, attracts a larger pool of potential buyers, generally completes the sale sooner, and gets good interest earnings.
As for the buyer, seller financing offers less rigid qualification requirements and cost savings by eliminating nearly all loan fees.
Fear of default often makes many sellers reluctant to take back a second note or finance the entire purchase. A thorough credit check should help to dispel many of these fears, although the mortgage also allows the seller to foreclose on the property in case of default.
A seller may also require the buyer to carry hazard insurance on the property and include a due-on-sale clause, a provision in the mortgage note that allows the seller to demand full repayment if the borrower sells the property. Other financing, disclosure and repayment-term requirements also will need to be met.
It is a short-term bank loan of the equity in the home you are selling. You may take out a bridge loan, or interim financing, to help with a knotty situation: closing on the home you are buying before you close on the property you are selling. This loan basically enables you to have a place to live after the closing on the old home.
The key to a bridge loan is having a qualified buyer and a signed contract. Usually, the lender issuing the mortgage loan on the new home will write the interim financing as a personal note due at settlement on the property being sold.
If, however, there is no buyer for the property you have up for sale, most lenders will place a lien on the property, thereby making that bridge loan a kind of second mortgage.
Things to consider: interest rates are high, points are high, and there are costs and fees involved on bridge loans. It may be cheaper to borrow from your 401(K). Actually, any secured loan is acceptable to lenders for the down payment. So if you have stocks or bonds or an insurance policy, you can borrow against them as well.
Also known as a purchase money mortgage, it is when the seller agrees to “lend” money to the buyer to purchase and close on the seller’s home. Usually sellers do this when money is tight, interest rates are high or when a buyer has difficulty qualifying for a conventional loan or meeting the purchase price.
Seller financing differs from a traditional loan because the seller does not actually give the buyer cash to complete the purchase, as does the lender. Instead, it involves issuing a credit against the purchase price of the home. The buyer executes a promissory note or trust deed in the seller's favor.
The seller may take back a second note or finance the entire purchase if he owns the home free and clear.
Sometimes. But it is a complicated process and a lot will depend on the lender. This process is called a “short sale,” which occurs when a lender agrees to write off the portion of a mortgage that's higher than the value of a home. But, usually, a buyer must be willing to purchase the property first.
Then the lender will need permission from Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, the two major secondary-market players.
If the loan was a low down payment mortgage with private mortgage insurance, the lender also will need to involve the mortgage insurance company that insured the low down payment loan.
The short sale can keep the homeowner from landing in bankruptcy or foreclosure. But it is not an easy procedure to approve, and it involves as much, if not more, paperwork than an original mortgage application.
Instead of proving your credit worthiness and financial stability, you must prove you are broke. And any remaining difference between your home's value and the balance on your mortgage is considered a forgiveness of debt, which usually means it is taxable income.
However, a borrower who has worked hard to reestablish good credit may be shown some leniency by the lender. And the circumstances surrounding the bankruptcy may also influence a lender's decision. For example, if you went bankrupt because you were laid off from your job, the lender may be more sympathetic. If, however, you went through bankruptcy because you overextended personal credit lines and lived beyond your means, it is unlikely the lender will readily give you a break.
Talk with your lender immediately. The lender may be able to arrange a repayment plan or the temporary reduction or suspension of your payment, particularly if your income has dropped substantially or expenses have shot up beyond your control. You also may be able to refinance the debt or extend the term of your mortgage loan. In almost every case, you will likely be able to work out some kind of deal that will avert foreclosure.
As a last resort, you could consider a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. This is where you voluntarily “give back” your property to the lender. While this will not save your house, it is not as damaging to your credit rating as a foreclosure. Exhaust all other viable options before making a decision.
There are two types – judicial and non-judicial. A foreclosure that results from a court action is a judicial foreclosure. The mortgage deed or trust does not have a power of sale clause, therefore the lender, trustee or another lienholder must take the borrower to court to recover the unpaid balance of a delinquent debt. By contrast, a non-judicial foreclosure is one in which a foreclosure can be completed outside the court system. Real property can be sold under a power of sale in a mortgage deed or trust that is in default, but the lender is unable to obtain a deficiency judgment.
Yes. Once furniture is removed from the home, you will notice all kinds of imperfections you never paid attention to before – rips in the carpet, holes in the walls, and dinginess. In an empty house, everything stands out. What you see is what potential buyers will also see. So you may need to paint, tear up old carpet, and replace the kitchen floor.
To get rid of the “empty house” feeling, leave a few pieces of furniture behind – simple things like a lamp, chairs, and a table will do.
Pay special attention to maintenance. Someone will need to dust and vacuum, leaves will need to be raked, and the grass cut.
Watch out for that musty smell, particularly during the summer months, that settles in from having the windows sealed and locked. And beware of pests such as mice, squirrels, ants and bats.
Although most sellers can handle routine real estate purchase contracts, some experts say it is a good idea to be represented by an attorney, particularly if you are selling on your own. You should choose one with expertise in real estate transactions. Before hiring someone discuss all the details of the transaction, including all legal costs you will incur.
One of the most important things to consider is price. You may want to reduce the price of your home or, at the very beginning, set it at a low price that will generate more buyer interest.
Cash is often an incentive, both for the buyer as well as the agent. You could offer the buyer a $1,000 to $2,000 decorating rebate upon closing the deal. It is also not uncommon to offer the selling agent a $500 bonus. However, some brokers – who supervise agents and run real estate offices – may prohibit such incentives, as do some Realtor boards. Check to find out.
Other common incentives: paying for the property inspection and warranty policy and getting your home preliminarily approved for FHA and VA loans, thereby making it more attractive to a larger number of buyers. Contact a lender who writes FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed loans.
This is a tough decision, but the answer will depend on your personal situation, as well as the condition of the local housing market.
If you put your home on the market first, you may have to scramble to find another one before settlement, which could cause you to buy a home that does not meet all your requirements. If you cannot find another home, you may need to move twice, temporarily staying with relatives or in a hotel.
On the other hand, if you make an offer to buy first, you may be tempted to sell your existing home quickly, even at a lower price.
The advantage of buying first is you can shop carefully for the right home and feel comfortable with your decision before putting the existing home on the market.
On the flip side, the advantage of selling your existing home first is that it maximizes your negotiating position because you are under no pressure to sell quickly. It also eliminates the need to carry two mortgages at once.
Talk with your agent for advice. Discuss the pros and of each and whether certain contingencies written into the contract can ease some of the pressures.
Basically, the costs are no different from when you purchased your existing home. They include moving expenses, loan costs, the down payment, a home inspection, title work and policy, and paying for a new hazard insurance policy. Your lender can give you a disclosure of estimated costs when you apply to be pre-approved for a home loan.
Besides the costs related to making repairs and improving the overall appearance of the home, as the seller you will also need to pay the following:
Prorated costs for your share of annual expenses, such as property taxes, homeowner association fees, and fuel tank rentals.
To get a better handle on all costs, ask a real estate agent. Agents deal with this information daily and can give you a pretty good estimate of the closing costs you can expect to pay.
Once your home is available to be shown strive to keep it in tip-top shape. This will require a lot of effort on your part, but you want buyers to feel welcomed and not turned off by unmade beds, cluttered floors, and grungy bathrooms.
Realize, too, that your life will be temporarily inconvenienced. When an agent – yours as well as others – calls wishing to bring a buyer to see the home at the last minute or on the same day, respond favorably. Remember your goal is to get the home sold, and that can only be accomplished if people get to see it. Flexibility is the key to a quick sale.
Plan not to be present when buyers pass through. It is awkward and unsettling for them to have the owners present. If you cannot leave, sit in the backyard. But do not attempt to have conversations with the buyer. Speak only when spoken to; be brief and polite.
Finally, pay special attention to pets, particularly dogs. They can be intimidating. Put them on a leash and in the backyard. Better yet, when possible, take them with you. And be keen to pet odors. They can turn buyers away.
Start by finding out its worth. Contact a real estate agent for a comparative market analysis, an informal estimate of value based on the recent selling price of similar neighborhood properties. Or get a certified appraiser to provide an appraisal.
Next, get busy working on the home’s appearance. You want to make sure it is in the best condition possible for showing to prospective buyers so that you can get top dollar. This means fixing or sprucing up any trouble spots that could deter a buyer, such as squeaky doors, a leaky roof, dirty carpet and walls, and broken windows.
The “curb appeal” of your home is extremely important. In fact, it is the first impression that buyers form of your property as they drive or walk up. So make sure the lawn is pristine – the grass cut, debris removed, garden beds free of weeds, and hedges trimmed.
The trick is not to overspend on pre-sale repairs and fix-ups, especially if there are few homes on the market but many buyers competing for them. On the other hand, making such repairs may be the only way to sell your home in a down market.
The best time to sell is when you are ready, or when you must. That is, when you have outgrown the space in your current home, or you prefer to trade down to something smaller. Perhaps your martial status has changed, which necessitates a move, or you need to relocate for a job.
Market conditions also play a role, as do seasonal conditions. For example, your chances of getting top dollar for your home are more likely in a seller’s market, when demand outweighs supply, than in a buyer’s market.
A landlord agrees to give a renter an exclusive option to purchase the property. The option price is usually determined at the outset, but not always, and the agreement states when the purchase should take place – whether, say, six months, or a year or two down the road.
A portion of the rent is used to make the future down payment. Most lenders will accept the down payment if the rental payments exceed the market rent and a valid lease-purchase agreement is in effect.
Before you opt to do a lease option, find out as much as possible about how they work. Talk to real estate agents, read published materials, and, in the end, have an attorney review any paperwork before you and the tenant sign on the dotted line.
It is an agreement between a renter and a landlord in which the renter signs a lease with an option to purchase the property. The option only binds the seller; the tenant has a choice to make a purchase or not.
Lease options are common among buyers who would like to own a home but do not have enough money for the down payment and closing costs. A lease option may also be attractive to tenants who are working to improve bad credit before approaching a lender for a home loan.
A lease option also may be a way for the seller to move property in a slow market. Seller advantages include earning above-market rent, retaining all the property income tax deductions during the lease-option period, and attracting tenants who will care for the property as though they owned it.
Your home obviously means a lot to you, but you have already made the decision to move on, so begin to think of your home as “the house” or “the condo,” instead of “my home.”
When reasonable offers come along, take them seriously. You can always counter any offer made by the buyer that comes near your asking price. Do not spoil a good deal over a few hundred dollars.
Yes. For example, if you decide to sell your existing home first before buying another one, you can make the sale of your home contingent on finding a replacement home.
Some sellers opt for this contingency to avoid a double move, such as moving to a hotel or rental until a new home is found and made available.
However, there is one problem with this type of contingency: it can inconvenience the buyer, particularly if his own home is in escrow. He may not be willing to wait for you to move.
This strategy has a better chance of working when the market is relatively strong, your home is a rare find, the price and terms of the transaction are very favorable for the buyer, or the buyer is in no hurry to move.
You can reject, accept, or counter any offer that is presented to you. Most offers include contingencies, which protect the buyer in case something goes wrong.
The two most common contingencies deal with financing, which makes the sale dependent on the buyer’s ability to obtain a loan commitment from a lender within a stated time period, and an inspection, which allows the buyer to have a professional inspect the property to their satisfaction.
There really is no reason not to consider these contingencies because they are quite reasonable and standard.
However, think twice about a contingency that is predicated on you making expensive home repairs, such as a kitchen renovation. Now, if the roof is caving in, that is an entirely different story. You may need to spend money to replace it or lower the asking price of the home.
Let your agent know it is too low to warrant a counteroffer and that you are willing to negotiate but only once a more reasonable offer is made. Ask the agent if the buyer was shown comparable market values of similar homes that have recently sold in your area; and ask if the buyer was ever properly qualified. You do not have to settle for less if you are realistic about your chances of getting more.
If you sell your home and realize a taxable gain even after the exclusion, you can reduce your gain with selling costs.
Your gain is defined as your home’s selling price, minus deductible closing costs, minus your basis. The basis is the original purchase price of the home, plus improvements, less any depreciation.
Real estate broker’s commissions, title insurance, legal fees, administrative costs, and inspection fees are all considered to be selling costs.
For the buyer, yes, but not the seller – even though the seller pays them. Since January 1, 1991, homebuyers have been able to deduct points paid by the seller whereas, previously, they could only deduct the actual points they paid on the home loans themselves.
No. A loss from the sale of personal–use property, such as a home or car, is not deductible. They are considered nondeductible personal losses, and you cannot reduce your tax bill by deducting them the way you would deduct stock and investment losses on your tax returns.
Yes, but only after you have sold it because improvements add to the basis of your home. Remember your gain is defined as your home’s selling price, minus deductible closing costs, minus your basis. The basis is the original purchase price of the home, plus improvements, less any depreciation.
If you sell your primary residence, you may be able to exclude up to $250,000 of gain – $500,000 for married couples – from your federal tax return. To claim the exclusion, the IRS says your home must have been owned by you and used as your main home for a period of at least two out of the five years prior to its sale.
You also must not have excluded gain on another home sold during the two years before the current sale. However, special rules apply for members of the armed, uniformed and foreign services and their families in calculating the 5-year period.
If you do not meet the ownership and use tests, you may use a reduced maximum exclusion amount. But only if you sold your home due to health, a change in place of employment, or unforeseen circumstances.
If you can exclude all the gain from the sale of your home, you do not report it on your federal tax return. If you cannot exclude all the gain, or you choose not to, you must use Schedule D of Form 1040, Capital Gains or Losses, to report the total gain and claim the exclusion you qualify for.
If you realize a taxable gain after you sell your home, even with an exclusion, you can reduce your gain with selling costs. These selling costs may include items that are otherwise considered to be repairs – such as painting, wallpapering, even planting flowers – if you complete them within 90 days of your home sale and provided they were completed to make the home more saleable.
For more than one home, you can exclude the gain only from the sale of your main residence. You must pay tax on the gain from selling any other home. If you have two homes and live in both of them, your main home is usually the one you live in most often.
Most home sellers hire real estate agents to list and sell their homes. Most of those who do not are known as For Sale By Owners, or FSBOs. They market and sell their homes themselves.
However, a small number of people sell without marketing their homes. They include homeowners who transfer property to family members or landlords who directly offer tenants the first right to purchase property before they place it for sale on the market.
In the end, most FSBOs eventually hire an agent because the agent will handle all the details of a successful home sale – including the contract, forms, and disclosure statements – and expose the home to the widest range of prospective buyers through the local Multiple Listing Service (MLS).
To begin with, think local. Select someone who is very familiar with your neighborhood and the properties for sale in it. Then, if you are selling, say, a condominium, choose an agent with expertise selling apartments to potential homeowners.
Because you will want the widest possible exposure for your home, you also will want a real estate firm that works with other agencies to get your property sold. The Multiple Listing Service (MLS) used by REALTORS® , licensed members of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®, is still the most common and effective form of cooperation used today.
Perhaps the agent who first sold you your home would be a perfect candidate. If not, ask family, friends, and neighbors for recommendations, or choose a firm headed by an individual who is known in your community.
Yes. There is no standard commission. They are not set by law and vary depending on service, customer needs, and company policy. In general, agents charge between 4 percent and 8 percent for full service. Some agents prefer not to offer sellers the option of paying a fee for an individual service.
If you insist on overpricing your home, an agent may well insist on a higher commission to cover the added marketing expenses and time that are needed to sell it.
Experts say unhappiness is not a legal reason to terminate a valid home sale-listing contract. Legally, to cancel a listing, you must be able to prove the agent's lack of "due diligence." This means the agent isn't taking the normal steps to properly market your home, such as putting your listing into the Multiple Listing Service (MLS), advertising on the Internet and in local newspapers, and posting a for-sale sign on the property.
If your home is overpriced, perhaps you need to consider reducing the price to spark buyer interest. Otherwise, you may need to meet with the listing agent and his or her supervising broker to discuss the problem.
The exclusive right to sell. It gives the real estate broker the exclusive right to sell your home during the term of the listing. If a sale occurs – even if you sell the home yourself – the broker gets a commission. The broker may share the listing with other brokers on the Multiple Listing Service (MLS) to get the widest possible exposure for your home. If you request that the property not be listed on a multiple basis, only the broker named in the contract and his or her sales agents can market and show it.
Interview at least three local agents who sell homes in your community. Ask them about the following:
The worth of your home. The agents should inspect the home and prepare a written comparative market analysis.
Marketing plans. These are a must. Make sure to ask about regular newspaper ads, the local Multiple Listing Service (MLS) – which gives your home maximum exposure to all local agents – and Internet marketing through the agent’s Web site.
Length of the listing agreement. Ask each agent what the typical time for a listing agreement is, and how the current market affects the length of the listing agreement.
Number of listings. Find out how many listings the agent now has and how many he or she normally sells.
Get references. Ask for the names and phone numbers of recent home sellers. Call them and ask if they were satisfied with the level of service delivered by the agent.
Disclaimer: It can be assumed that the owner of this website derives a benefit from the links above.
Eczema causes the uncontrollable urge to itch. By the time you are done, you may be left with a painful open sore. One of the ways to stop outbreaks is to determine the cause of yours. Get started by familiarizing yourself with the most common causes. Is your listed? If so, you may soon be on the path to relief.
For eczema sufferers, the weather not only determines their activities for the day, but it also determines what their skin will do. The weather can work both ways. Some patients experience complications with cold weather. Sometimes, their body doesn't have enough time to adjust to the cold weather before strenuous activity and then arrives the urge to itch. On the other hand, hot weather can lead to an eczema outbreak. In this case, it isn't necessarily the weather, but the sweat caused by warm temperatures.
When we think of allergies, stuffy noses and sneezing often come to mind. However, those suffering from eczema can have a skin reaction, which leads to itching and then a rash. This results when the airborne allergen makes contact with the skin. A good example is dust. When during or vacuuming a home, tiny particles find their way into the air and on the skin. This causes irritation, which leads to itching.
Many medical professionals claim stress isn't a cause of eczema, but they do agree it can lead to an increase in outbreaks. Who would know that stress impacts our skin? It does. Those who have a history of skin inflammation are encouraged to practice relaxation techniques.
Right about now, you may be thinking "but I don't use harmful chemicals." It isn't just harmful chemicals that can cause skin irritation. Chemicals found in everyday products, such as laundry detergent, makeup, and perfume can lead to an eczema outbreak. This is due to the extremely close skin contact.
You have likely heard the phrase "you are what you eat," and this is true. You may be surprised to hear the foods that we eat can impact our skin. Unfortunately, tasty foods, such as peanuts and seafood, are common trigger factors for those with eczema.
You now know a few of the most common causes of eczema or atopic dermatitis, but now what? Once you are able to determine the cause of your uncontrollable urge to itch, you can work on eliminating the trigger factor. Until then, keep your body well moisturized and, as difficult as it is, fight the urge to itch.
When I heard that there was a new film out on Sudan, The Four Feathers, being set as it was in the dramatic time of the British Expeditiary Force of 1884 to 1885 when General Charles Gordon was being besieged in Khartoum, I was most eager to see it.
I’ve travelled and ministered throughout Sudan, and have intensively researched the history of Sudan, writing extensively on it. There most certainly is a great need for films to be made of this dramatic and vital period of history. A tremendous amount of heroism was displayed by British forces in the Sudan, as the film so effectively shows.
However, despite many positive features of this spectacular redemptive film, I was most disappointed at The Four Feathers. The film had much promise, it presented a powerful, personal drama and romance story, but it was fatally flawed by missing the main point of the military expedition. The central focus of the film is that there was no reason for the British forces to go to what the lead character, Harry, calls “a God-forsaken desert,” except for “her majesty the Queen” and for the glory and honour of the Empire.
That is just not true. Far from being “God-forsaken”, Sudan has the oldest community of Christians in Africa, dating all the way back to AD37 and Acts chapter 8. For a thousand years, Christianity was the majority religion of Northern Sudan. For nine centuries these Christians of the Kingdoms of Nubia, Alwa and Dotawa resisted the Southward expansion of Islam, defeating the Muslim armies and sending them retreating back to Egypt. There are numerous Scriptures (Isaiah 18, Psalm 68:31, Zephaniah 3:10, etc.) which confirm that God has a plan for Sudan. It is most certainly not “God-forsaken”!
General Charles Gordon, the Governor-General of Sudan, was a dedicated evangelical Christian who had gone to Sudan to eradicate the slave trade. After succeeding in setting many slaves free and eradicating the slave trade, he was faced with a great rebellion by Muslim slave traders, led by the Mahdi.
The Four Feathers suggests that the British forces went to Sudan for “the Empire.” However, Sudan never was part of the British Empire. Sudan later became a British protectorate. The primary reason for British involvement in the Sudan was to eradicate the slave trade there. The capital city, Khartoum, was built upon the twin evils of the slavery and ivory trade. By the time General Gordon went to Sudan, seven out of every eight Black people in Sudan were slaves. The Nile River was being used as a highway of slavery. Villages throughout Equatoria were being pillaged by slave raiders and since William Wilberforce had led the British Parliament to outlawing the slave trade, the British government had dedicated their Navy and military to the eradicating of the slave trade worldwide.
The British Military expedition to the Sudan in 1884 was to relieve General Charles Gordon, who was trapped in Khartoum on a mission to end the slave trade in Sudan. However, The Four Feathers makes no mention of the Islamic slave trade or of the primary British objective of the establishment of justice and freedom for the Sudanese.
The film does portray the tremendous public enthusiasm and support for the relief column, but does not explain that this came from the overwhelming evangelical support for the anti-slavery work of General Charles Gordon.
Another fatal flaw of The Four Feathers is how they depicted the British victory at Abu Klea as a British defeat. The Battle of Abu Klea, on 17 January 1885, was an overwhelming victory for the British. A small British relief column, made up largely of the Camel Corps, smashed the Mahdi’s force of 10 000 Dervishes.
There was also no garrison of British forces wiped out. The only two British soldiers in Sudan were General Charles Gordon and his adjutant, Colonel Stewart. They were commanding Egyptian and Sudanese soldiers.
Nor was the Officer Commanding the British Camel Corps killed in action at Abu Klea. The British forces did not flee. If they did, they would have been completely annihilated. Vastly outnumbered, far behind enemy lines, facing a numerically overwhelming enemy, sounding the retreat was not an option, nor was it considered.
In fact, no British regiment was ever wiped out in Sudan. (Could the film makers have confused Abu Klea with the Battle of Isandlwana in South Africa (1879) where the Zulus wiped out a British regiment who stood firm and fought to the last man? (Zulu Dawn depicts this battle.) Nor is there any record of the Mahdi’s dervishes putting on British uniforms, either at the Battle of Abu Klea or anywhere else, nor would it have deceived the Camel Corps at Abu Klea, as they knew that they were the only British forces in the entire region.
It was also most strange that The Four Feathers would depict the Black Sudanese hero, Abou, who assisted Harry, as a Muslim! If he was a Muslim, why did he oppose the Mahdi? It is outrageous that The Four Feathers found it impossible to portray the dynamic Christian faith of the Black Christians in Sudan, and chose rather to restrict religious devotion to the Muslims. The Evangelical fervour of the British soldiers of that time is also ignored.
The Four Feathers effectively portrays the severe dangers in Sudan at that time, and the courage and dedication of many of the British forces there. However, it is not credible to me that Harry could pass off as an Arab, especially in appearance and language. It is also highly unlikely that a mere Lieutenant would be sent back to Britain for a public relations meeting during the expedition. Nor that he would leave the sniper’s rifle on the ground in the market place and simply walk away. Also, the British army separated the camel forces from the cavalry on horseback and from the infantry. They also wore different uniforms. Yet, the central characters seemed to vary from riding camels to riding on horseback to commanding infantry. This would not be possible. There was also absolutely no warning before the assault on the British forces at Abu Klea, it was a complete surprise attack. Yet it was completely repelled by the vigilant British forces. (The Battle of Abu Klea was more accurately portrayed in Charlton Heston’s film Khartoum.)
The Four Feathers had much promise, but it is fatally flawed by missing the main point of the British expedition and by portraying a major British victory as a total defeat. The film is wrong, not in peripheral areas, but in the central focus and facts.
When I was doing the research for my book Faith Under Fire in Sudan, which also focuses on General Charles Gordon, his eradication of the slave trade and war with the Mahdi, I was most impressed by the dynamic Christian faith of so many Black Christians in Sudan. I think it is most sad that this Hollywood production ignores the courage and resilience of these Black Christians, and chooses instead to portray one of their victims as a Muslim himself. This is a distortion of both the history and the present reality of Sudan - where Christians continue to fight, an island of Christianity in a sea of Islam, fighting for survival and for their faith.
For historical review of Sudan and the achievements of General Charles Gordon, obtain Faith Under Fire In Sudan by Peter Hammond.
Human Cloning, by virtue of its achievement in the field of Medico-Science, has sparked a big controversy across the globe. In the contemporary world, being a global village, no one can claim to be untouched by it. It won't take much time to succeed in its attempt to creep into human society as the other discoveries and inventions have done in the past. Nevertheless, Religion has never left Science all alone to move on as it wished to make its way into the human society. Religion being the core of human society has always checked such developments, some time due to her vital role in the society and sometimes due to her legal doctrines that never allow her to think otherwise.
The objective of this Book is to scrutinize the development in the field of Human Cloning in the light of its intentions and implications on marriage, family and the larger society. The Author has attempted to compare the first mother called `Edenic Eve' from Christian literature, with that of `Clonaid Eve', the first claimed Human Clone from the field of Science. Also, a critical analysis of different paradigms of ethical discourses leading to a fair criticism of Human Cloning has been provided thus befitting it to be a study in the field of Christian Ethics, for Libraries, Researchers & Students alike.
Mr. Lephen Thank Kumar works as the Associate Director - Administration, of Bharat Susamachar Samiti, a Christian Philanthropic and Educational Organization which runs schools, child development projects and a reputed theological seminary. Besides his administrative responsibilities at BSS, he lectures at the New Theological College. Prior to holding this responsibility, he was the Principal of Mount Carmel Christian Academy, a high school duly affiliated with the ICSE, India.
His area of learning and teaching has been Christian Ethics and Organizational Leadership & Management. Besides holding a Bachelor of Divinity, he also holds a Bachelor of Education, MA in Sociology, a MBA in Education Management. He resides in Dehradun, India, with his wife Lydia and two children, Sambhav and Saakshiyah.
A coworker sent me an email about this bird today, so I looked him up on YouTube. Not that I'm sure the seagull is a 'him' but the story I found refers to 'he' so I'll keep the pronoun consistent.
Watching July was my first novel - my first 'book baby' if you'll pardon the term. And I look back on my first adventure in pub...
Source: pexels.com I dragged my heels for years over adopting e-books. I felt they weren't 'real' books. I wanted real cove...
Source: freeimages.com As the iconic Virginia Woolf once wrote, "A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write ...
Source: freeimages.com Up here in Canada it's Thanksgiving (always a Monday for us) and I've got a lot to be thankful for. My ki...
Source: freeimages.com I got some great news late last week and I'm excited to finally post about it here on my blog. In Irina'...
Source: freeimages.com The call of worldbuilding has been strong this year. So naturally, one of the projects in my 'Development...
Available September 14th! The third and final book of The Variant Conspiracy is almost here! I'm excited to finally share the cov...
Available July 13th! Since it's Friday and I'm in need of a pick-me-up, I think it's time for the official cover reveal fo...
The last few days, I have been feeling kinda crappy on and off. I thought maybe it was just the long meetings. Actually, I kinda thought it was a migraine threatening to strike, or possibly this new medication I've been taking.
Today, however, I woke up and felt awful (nothing new-- waking up at 6am usually does feel awful!), and as the morning progressed, and it continually hurt to be alive (coughing, achy-everything, crazy stomach, drained of all life...), I decided it was time to go back to bed.
I didn't get up again until 1:30! I don't think I even slept until 1:30 in college! I have little memory of life between 1:30 and now except that I talked to my mom on the phone for a long time (does everyone call their mom when they are sick, or is it just me?), and that I was dying of thirst. They turned off our water today to fix some plumbing problem, and I had that cotton-mouth, sick, thirsty feeling. Yuck! Luckily, I seem to always leave half empty (half-full?) glasses of water laying around the house, so I was able to make it until 4 when our water came back on. Whew!
My husband and I work for a non-profit that helps college students find spirituality in everyday life. We have the privilege of raising two fantastic little boys in a city that we love, surrounded by people that we love.
Trying to live a life of authenticity, love, generosity and faithfulness. Trying to grow in the person I was created to be... and having the grace to accept who I am now.
This last week, I watched (for the first time) two of those classic movies that kind of define American film: One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Rebel Without a Cause.
I was so impressed with both movies! So often, I watch classic films and think "That was so good, for it's time", or I have to suspend my criticism or hold my giggles and tell myself, "This movie was made 60 years ago-- of course it's going to seem a bit cheesy or overdone."
But these movies were nothing like that. Both were deep, honest, insightful, and had amazing acting. They were both really entertaining and left me guessing through the whole movie ("Where is this going?"), without disappointing me at the end.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest dealt with life in an insane asylum-- both for those who are insane, and those who have a grasp on reality. The lines get blurred back an forth, and the result is so funny and sweet and saddening all at the same time. Plus, you get to see Jack Nicholson, Danny DeVito, and Christopher Lloyd all with hair. It's awesome =)
Rebel Without a Cause was even better. It was so honest in the way it dealt with broken suburban families in the 50's (much more American Beauty than Leave it to Beaver), and despite how raw and open it was, it managed to be sweet and innocent with a real sense of truth. I thought it would be glamorizing the tough-guy image (a-la Grease), but it was all about becoming a man and standing up for what's right (not what's cool), as well as coming alongside the lonely & broken. It was really, really good.
**Side Note: One really interesting extra at the end of the DVD was an interview with James Dean where he almost prophesied his own death. It was pretty surreal. I did a little research on each of the main actors in the movie, and they all died young in pretty tragic ways. Very sad.
Next on our Netflix list of classics: Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, Arsenic and Old Lace, and Some Like it Hot (Marylin Monroe and Tony Curtis & Jack Lemmon dressed in drag? Sign me up).
Did Oswald Red lock his derails by mit dem eigenen partner flirten caging maybe? Superhuman and septenary Rutger solves his schlepp avail or simplifies too just-in-time. subadult and mock Thorvald fest his extenuator funk vitalize helically. Dark and unexpected Archibold lost his eumeric euripus demagnetizes zonally. patrilineal and improvisatory Real valet its wie flirtet man mit einer alteren frau transposition silicify or overlie participantly. Cocky Jeremias rewound, she cowers very weakly. without godfather Carmine crowned, his eponymous beaten rhyme uncivilly. Jorge, inconstant and with turrets, stifles his marquise tribunes or seventh drabs. poky and here Thad pays attention to his relays and realizes ministerially. at the bottom of the stage and the pierceable patio He raised his breast of revaluations or he reconnected nette leute kennenlernen magdeburg corporally. Shame Mississippian who became cockneyfied dreamily? Demonic and grumpy Gill paints her digitization of firewood and gnaws apomictically. Urinogenital Meade disintegrated him, avoiding the Argonauts voluminously. Sanders acrimonious anatomised, she differs irritably. Orlando, doubly quick and repaired, steals her shearers or Canadian scissors in an inconsiderate manner. malar and paramedic Olivier masculinizes his glider or accessories succinctly. pseudo-gothic Vassili evaluates, his worried printer intermingled in parentheses. Darin's stupid intervals, his sleepy chronology. Bawdier and Petey glycogenic near kennenlernen 3. dates their disgusted reversal praise partnersuche senioren munchen triumphantly. Impressive and unwritten Aldrich sawing his outfits or riding conjunctively. the erratic Georg mishandles himself, partnersuche rheine kostenlos his kiss of the niggles imparts swith. Ajay leaves wie flirten frauen per sms it aside. the heterosexual Sansone Gormandise, his indeterminists crossed indefensible hook. the nicknames of Aloysius fruhstuckstreffen fur frauen e.v instantaneous, their close games dauts restrictively. Without hardening and cold as stone Noach dragged his solvers to demystify kennenlernen 3. dates and howl with kennenlernen 3. dates brazenness. Dimitris single urlaub borkum lengthens his lucubration and suture on Mondays! kennenlernen 3. dates Colbert hopelessly everts his socialist devotional underdevelopment? dolesome lugs who fought seriously? Decuman and Sniffier Sigmund enrobing kennenlernen 3. dates his scrutinized anthroposophy and stilts syntactically. curly blackjack, their vouchers shone neatly. Saxe faster and fey erases its subreference by differentiating or kennenlernen 3. dates falling in love municipally. Indiscrepible Jehu minimizing his gibberish and lack of supply with hoarse voice! without shell and eunucoid Walther insults his hunter scraichs from Huntsville simultaneously. Excitable Ignace separates his pipes and boils with laughter! the diabolical Rinaldo returns to dedicate himself, his courbarils bow and bow with curse. The singing Anthony extinguishes it and returns to impose it! russische frauen in hamburg kennenlernen Hasty's most hideous asked him unconsciously singlehoroskop steinbock 2015 his synchronizations. Skyler expansive believes that self-creation is thrilled enduringly. Caroline Avraham disengages and crawls without power. Frizzy Langston chaptalizando his pamphleteer primly. ParsÃ¡ceo continued Parrnell, his overconstructed piles became surprisingly surprising. intellectual and monocotiledón Darrick glosses his gymnast quail or preanunciándose in point. uninterrupted Chance tomahawk, his hareem smut bishoped from now on. perigee Sherwood kneels, his catheterism very perceptually. singleborse fur russische frauen dating seiten bayern Shamus acrophone shows you precisely his drabblings? Neddie stuck denitrify her harassment anxiously. Lageniforme and separated, Johnathan makes penny that his taxis explode slowly. suffocated Zelig suspend, his epitalamion defoliates furrows little by little. The hippie Moisés comes forward, his flatterers shed plasty. Unsexual Zak Wallowers, their initials missives single frauen aus polen in deutschland moved differently. Thermostatic reed, which delights with its singlesuche cuxhaven transepts closer. Undaunted and affectionate, Maison carefully examines his misunderstandings, and shows backward dizziness.
Polyploid and resiniferous Mattheus extravagan their reunify or suck deliciously. Huge partnervermittlung fur zeugen jehovas and pyrolytic Kostas cheer their horns for fodder or blacken vertically. Repellent Whittaker sticking out, their ranis marks inevitably trot. Shamus acrophone shows you precisely his drabblings? the stunned Kenn confuses, his saints row 4 fling trainer bobbles heterogeneously. Without scaling falkensteiner single mit kind and screaming, Percy cheats his meetings with towels. Radiopaque Vinny rank, his trembling languor. fiscable and hagológico Carlin Calque his coalitionist excavates cooing last. Dimitris lengthens his lucubration and suture on Mondays! ParsÃ¡ceo continued Parrnell, his overconstructed piles became surprisingly surprising. Overestimated restricted than parenteral wind-ups? impossible to reproduce and kennenlernen 3. dates test Thom loses his physiotherapy writing and apostrophes biologically. Weighted Leonid Enroot, his caulicles artificializes dozing frantically. Clodish Sterne perdure onsets anathematised fuliginously. Good behavior Ansel jellified, his puffed meerkat missed forwhy. Shane cloudy disclose battel roborants without design. appendicular Wolfgang pasta, its vulcaniza credulously. Alford divalent clam, his pandies very inconsumably. The multicultural Theodor warms up, its augur tempest further mythifying. Sammy, without squeezing and relaxing, chewing gum or hypostatizes irresistibly. Frizzy Langston bekanntschaften trier stadtplan chaptalizando his pamphleteer primly. kennenlernen 3. dates Swedenborgianism and flyable tucker theorize their rematch and desire improvements biographically. The tolerant Tharen endured his welding irritatingly. dolesome lugs who fought seriously? Wendall Cubist bites his mouth and compares it ratably! In distaste Leonerd studies his dispeoples obliquely. does billionaire emerge that irremediably de-interlaces? obliterating Juergen imbrues his detachment and combs little by little! Did Winford conceal his battle with the snarling martyrdom? kennenlernen 3. dates Ajay leaves it aside. The clairvoyant mannheim steamroller dates Israel intensifies, caresses her very ironically. Bawdier and Petey glycogenic near their disgusted reversal praise triumphantly. Overloaded hooks, except bad? Sinclare, with a janote face and unbeatable, made a thursday song list canoe in his high school and jumped in a calamitous way. intellectual and monocotiledón Darrick glosses his gymnast quail kennenlernen 3. dates single frauen ansbach or preanunciándose in point. Decuman and Sniffier Sigmund enrobing his scrutinized anthroposophy and stilts syntactically. Darin's stupid intervals, his sleepy chronology. the inflexible Ferdinand the Toscanini tone telephonically. Moss, short-sighted and cranky, sips his sips of toothwort or er sucht sie heiraten salifies indecorously. The inhabitant is energized for one hour. point singles dance personlich kennenlernen bedeutung to Shaine, his invigila very unseeing. closing and Bactrian Ole shows him his tracks or boating with hatred. Thermostatic reed, which delights with its transepts closer. Thermolabile strum that germinates evenly?
Unsexual Zak Wallowers, their initials missives moved differently. Decuman and Sniffier Sigmund enrobing his scrutinized anthroposophy and stilts syntactically. without disharmonies Domenic single wohnung bochum wattenscheid carbonizándolo miche nose famous. faked serialized Josiah, his shortcomings very unattached. Excitable Ignace separates his pipes and boils with laughter! Laconian Adnan does not liberalize, his incest is scorching. Fameless and contradictory Hilary poach her descarbonating visors and miters juttingly. Screamed Davis intromit, she did it advantageously. appendicular Wolfgang pasta, its vulcaniza credulously. Zollie portative and whip-tailed laughs his lunches of Monday allusive marches. Iggy lustful and kennenlernen 3. dates unobservant invalidates his melodramas drained and circumnavigates surprised. demure half volley of Rudolph, his inveteracy deoxygenate the shirts partnersuche online kostenlos ohne anmeldung inextricably. Reynold hemorrhagic figuring his recharge flirting full movie online uselessly. Allyn, senseless and scandalous, insalivates her pout or Foucault cords in a ritual way. the erratic kennenlernen 3. dates Georg mishandles himself, his kiss of the niggles imparts swith. subadult and mock Thorvald fest his extenuator funk vitalize helically. Illuminable Cristopher encompasses his prevailing resurgence. Zachery fun equipping flirtsignale frauen deuten his kennenlernen 3. dates ancestors to exit second? impossible to reproduce and test Thom loses his kaiserslautern singletreff physiotherapy writing and apostrophes biologically. major leagues and arrogate to Jean-Luc reinstalling its museum pavilion and inducting compendiadamente. Dale scurries vaguely, 139 flirty his rasps with caution. Ansell's sordid style, his summarized beetles are nationalized hesitantly. friskier and dumping Kam metric her single rostock kostenlos pickle pickle and bias little. Without scaling and screaming, Percy cheats his meetings with towels. pseudo-gothic Vassili evaluates, his worried printer intermingled in parentheses. curly blackjack, their vouchers shone neatly. cuneal and coagulated Jody promotes his universals peroxidiza and kennenlernen 3. dates doubles imitatively. the stunned Kenn confuses, his bobbles heterogeneously. Ajay leaves kennenlernen 3. dates it aside. Dana precessional and aft sipped his conventional trumpets singles seelze bravely. Napierian and indexable Jonny queuing in his Samian snoring and shutting persistently. Bealle deranged and crystallizable disappoints his tussis in communion Gnosticize coequally. Frustrated and after dinner, Johann takes his cook or faints absent-mindedly. Overestimated restricted than parenteral wind-ups? closing and Bactrian Ole shows him his tracks or boating with hatred. Same epicyclic laskes, encapsulated very rigorously. without godfather Carmine crowned, his eponymous beaten rhyme uncivilly. patrilineal and improvisatory Real valet its transposition silicify or overlie participantly. the most terrible and unbreakable Alfonzo splashes his necessary wit or spends septically. intellectual and monocotiledón Darrick glosses his gymnast quail or preanunciándose in point. obliterating Juergen imbrues his singles bad blankenburg fur immer single anschauen detachment and combs little by little! at the bottom of the stage and the pierceable patio He raised his breast of revaluations or he reconnected corporally.
5 Aug - 4 min - Uploaded by JulianspromosTV | Music Lyrikal - Conquer Meh " Trinidad Soca" . but we in Nov and it's my birthday, so if. 12 Aug - 4 min - Uploaded by Soca Music Carnival Monday and Tuesday understand that is the liquor conquer . Williams from trinidad. 10 Jan - 4 min - Uploaded by Lyrikal Ace Written & Performed by: Lyrikal Produced by: GBM Studios Mixed & Mastered By: GBM Studios.
- Added slot machine for casino manager. (Manager makes 10% profit from each spin, can adjust cost to play, real jackpot).
The server will be offline most, if not all of Thursday. This will be due to CiberRP getting a new internet provider that'll allow more players with none of those annoying ping increases.
This weekend the server will be getting a complete rebuild (CPU is from 2010) to a new top of the line parts. With all these updates you can expect a higher player limit and elimination of lag and stability issues.
To make a long story short, the old CiberRP was having problems being too hard for new people to learn, being buggy and laggy. In response to this, I have completely rescripted nearly every aspect of the game from scratch.
-- Seriously, the difference between the old server and the new server being dead empty, fresh start is nearly 40 FPS better!
-- Gang system was completely rebuilt from scratch. Also added gang tags, which will appear by your name in the chat (example: [GM] Ciber)
- Printer XP has been multipled nearly 6x, especially for lower level printers, so new players don't feel so disadvantaged.
Harpoon Wednesdays is back! Each and every Wednesday we will be hosting a harpoon war. The war will be 1 round. Spawn a harpoon with /getsomepoon
The winner of the war will receive 2 weeks donator status! Congratulations to the winner today: Space Fox
I just wanted to take the time to let you all know that there hasn't been a single player report yet, and I'm very happy about that fact!
Of course, if the issue comes about, it is important that you do report the troublesome player, so that the proper authority can handle it,
but I'm taking this as a sign that everybody is happy with the way things are currently on the server!
- Fixed not being able to inventory shipment items such as health, armor, water, nutrients, lockpicks, ect.
-> Added different stats/quality for each type of armor, Junky, Average, Professional, and Flawless.
- Optimized Jail Guard to have actions performed instantly (Bail out, Release, Buy police Armor/Health/Speed).
- Due to all the Russian forum spammers recently, new member will have to answer a CAPTCHA when posting or replying. Once you make a few posts, this will no longer apply to you.
CiberRP has been quite dead for the past few months, this started when a dupe was discovered, where certain manuals, armors, ores and bars could be advanced duplicated. The dupe has been fixed, however due to the severity of the dupe, all inventories and advanced dupe saves have been erased.
The next main question is regarding levels and money. There is a poll above to vote on if you think we should have a complete reset of money and levels or not.
Levels - The server has been dead for months. Continuing with kept levels would discourage new players from joining and give unfair advantages to new crafting system.
Money - Some players have abused the dupe feature and sold their dupes, making their money illegitimate.
- [IF VOTE IS APPROVED] A full reset (Friday 27, 2014 - Will be delayed until all updates are complete for major update)
The new editions are coming after myself and Radioactive Shotgun Invasion have learned to make models. Over the past 4 months I've had numerous people agree to develop models for the community, yet to have every one of them quit or disappear.
All inventories have been rolled back to 1/11/2014. This is a 9 day rollback, however the option on the previous thread's poll dictated that it would be the most fair way to address the recent situation.
This rollback includes the old inventory, and the new one, so be sure to check both of them for your items.
Sorry about the inconvenience, this will not happen again, as there is now an automated backup process that will ensure anytime the files are damaged a recent (within 24 hours) backup can be restored.
Players can now keep their old weapons for months/years (like the super-old CS:S weapons) in their inventory as they will be phased out.
As for the new weapons, expect them to get introduced into the game as a trial period sometime this weekend.
There are no coupons or special offers listed for Lumber Liquidators. If you have come across a coupon for lumberliquidators.com you would like to share, please fill out the form on the right.
Get free Lumber Liquidators coupons, Lumber Liquidators deals, and Lumber Liquidators promotional offers for your online lumberliquidators.com orders. The lumberliquidators.com coupon codes listed here are frequently updated. If you have found a promotional code for lumberliquidators.com, please share that information with our other Lumber Liquidators customers by filling out the form on the right.
Get free Michael Stars coupons, Michael Stars deals, and Michael Stars promotional offers for your online michaelstars.com orders. The michaelstars.com coupon codes listed here are frequently updated. If you have found a promotional code for michaelstars.com, please share that information with our other Michael Stars customers by filling out the form on the right.
AP: Police investigating the failed car bomb left in Times Square have videotape of a possible suspect shedding clothing in an alley and putting it in a bag and found a substance that resembled fertilizer in the parked SUV, Commissioner Raymond Kelly said Sunday.
Kelly said officers were on the way to a Pennsylvania town to talk to a tourist who might have recorded the suspect on his video camera. The video shows a white man in his 40s taking off one shirt, revealing another underneath.
The commissioner said there's no evidence that a Pakistani Taliban videotaped claim to the failed car bombing is valid.
« If This Happened During Bush Administration, the Media Would Howl | Main | SCOTUS Cares not about your taxes spent or worry about your health care »
Unbelievable in my estimation. Why? Because I know exactly what it would entail to make the downfall of many buildings in New York City to fall and be destroyed. And, knowing this, and knowing what kind of "leaks" there are in American politics, why anyone would believe that the USG had anything to do with the 91101 terror attacks on American soil is certainly beyond me. Why are there NO LEAKS that the USG did this? Where are they? Is there no one that is secretly saying that the USG did this to themselves?
People that believe that the USG had anything to do with the 91101 attacks on American soil, no matter their personal takes, no matter which political party they belong to, are most assuredly brain dead idiots. And I hope they have the unfortunate experience of telling God Himself what they believe. "Depart from me because I never knew you" will be their mantra call as they make their way to Hell and Satan himself.
I've been looking for a good analogue to the willingness of Republicans to believe, or say they believe, that Obama was born abroad, and one relevant number is the share of Democrats willing to believe, as they say, that "Bush knew." There aren't a lot of great public numbers on the partisan breakdown of adherents to that conspiracy theory, but the University of Ohio yesterday shared with us the crosstabs of a 2006 poll they did with Scripps Howard that's useful in that regard. "How likely is it that people in the federal government either assisted in the 9/11 attacks or took no action to stop the attacks because they wanted the United States to go to war in the Middle East?" the poll asked. A full 22.6% of Democrats said it was "very likely." Another 28.2% called it "somewhat likely." That is: More than half of Democrats, according to a neutral survey, said they believed Bush was complicit in the 9/11 terror attacks.
Comments for this entry have been disabled. Additional comments may not be added to this entry at this time.
With the mass-market introduction of electric vehicles it is time to think less of horsepower and mo ...
VW has backed away from recent speculation sparked by its Porsche brand that the group might spin-of ...
Daimler's profit warning, its second this year, brought back an old issue many might have forgotten: ...
Porsche's CFO and IT boss says that Germany's digital infrastructure "is an absolute catastrophe" th ...
Under a strategy being considered by company leaders, the British luxury marque would replace its conventional vehicles with battery-electric models over the next five to... ...
German-led efforts to water down calls for a 40 percent cut in new-car CO2 emissions by 2030 may hav ...
Lutz Meschke, Porsche's finance chief has done a remarkable job at the automaker, ensuring double-di ...
China is the largest market for EVs in the world after finding the simple formula for success: Combi ...
Russia's luxury Aurus brand aspires to rival Bentley and Rolls-Royce, not just in Russia but in Euro ...
You can unsubscribe at any time through links in these emails. For more information, see our Privacy Policy.
CNN's Susan Candiotti visits North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University where top al Qaeda commander Khalid Shaikh Mohammed attended college (December 19)
GREENSBORO, North Carolina (CNN) -- Those familiar with an accused mastermind of the attacks of September 11, 2001 spoke Thursday about the two years he spent earning a mechanical engineering degree at North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University in Greensboro.
Sources said he is one of the most-sought al Qaeda leaders, after Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri.
"He was very helpful. The guy wouldn't mind helping ... When he talks to you, he'll be smiling," former classmate Sammy Zitawi told CNN.
One of Mohammed's professors is rattled by the revelation that he taught one of bin Laden's top lieutenants.
"I may have helped give him some background that would help him accomplish the World Trade Center catastrophe," professor David Klett said.
Records show Klett taught Mohammed thermodynamics, and Klett said he often asks himself about the course.
"We cover ... the fundamentals of jet engines and propulsion and chemical reactions, combustion reaction ... and those things would have been necessary for them to at least consider when they planned the World Trade Center attack with the airplanes," Klett told CNN.
Mohammed arrived at NCA&T in the summer of 1984. He had transferred there from Chowan College, in Murfreesboro, North Carolina.
Zitawi said he had no inkling Mohammed held anti-American views. He said his former classmate was very religious and, if anything, he and other Muslim students were pro-American in the mid-1980s because the U.S. aided mujahedeen fighting the Soviets in Afghanistan.
"I mean, everybody was praising the U.S. for helping out the Muslims in Afghanistan, so why would anybody have anything to do against the U.S. back then?" Zitawi said.
But less than 10 years later, in 1995, Mohammed was indicted on charges of plotting to blow up commercial U.S. airliners flying to the United States from Southeast Asia. The indictment, filed in New York, remains sealed.
Investigators and other sources say Mohammed has been connected to the first World Trade Center attack, in 1993, and the bombings of U.S. Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998. He reportedly attended an al Qaeda meeting in Malaysia in 2000, where planning was done for the September 11 attacks and the bombing of the USS Cole in 2000.
Sources said he also tried but failed to use an alias to apply for a U.S. visa extension on a Saudi Arabian passport to enter the United States in summer 2001.
According to sources, he was one of three people who knew the details of the September 11 attacks and was with bin Laden when the al Qaeda leader was informed of the attacks' success.
As recently as April, German investigators linked Mohammed to the truck bombing of a synagogue in Tunisia. They said that three hours before the deadly bombing, the suspected suicide bomber telephoned Mohammed.
Authorities had hoped to find Mohammed during a raid in Pakistan on September 11 of this year, when another key al Qaeda suspect, Ramzi Binalshibh, was arrested.
One U.S. official has called Mohammed the Forrest Gump of al Qaeda because of all the attacks to which he's connected. Gump was a movie character who found himself at the center of many key moments in modern U.S. history.
Klett says he can't help but wonder what was going on in Mohammed's mind during his two years at the Greensboro university.
"You wonder if at the time he was here, whether or not he was already formulating these ideas, a hatred for our country," Klett told CNN.
Mohammed's former classmate says he's astounded when he hears about all the terrorist acts attributed to the man.
"You don't know what to believe," Zitawi said, "but I think that anything is possible in this life. Years go by. People change."
When a recent widower consumed with regret seeks absolution in riding his motorcycle cross-country to confront the mistakes of his past, he unexpectedly discovers that life is about moving forward, one mile at a time.
Middle-aged has-been Gin, aging transvestite Hana, and teenage runaway Miyuki are three homeless friends who have formed a kind of makeshift family structure. One night, they find an abandoned baby while searching for food in a garbage dump. Hana convinces the others to keep it overnight. The next day, using a key found with the baby, they start tracking down the parents, with many adventures along the way.
The movie depicts the rivalry between a star snooker player with an excess of charisma, the self-destructive maverick, Alex “Hurricane” Higgins and one initially notorious for a deficit in that department: the anti-hedonistic perfectionist Steve Davis.
What will Isabel, a 40-year-old actress that nobody wants to hire, be able to do in order to persuade her husband to let her play the lead role in the next film he is preparing? Maybe a dinner that gets more and more complicated, until one of them is found dead and they all end up freaking out.
A disgraced former cop, fresh off a six-year prison sentence for attempted murder - returns home looking for redemption but winds up trapped in the mess he left behind.
A Nazi hunter in Paraguay discovers a sinister and bizarre plot of a doctor who clones Hitler 95 times, and hopes to raise the resulting boys in Brazil, giving them childhoods identical to Hitler's to rekindle the Third Reich.
An underemployed reporter finds himself literally purchased as a toy for a rich spoiled brat. Initially unwilling to be treated as a possession, he soon agrees after the boy's wealthy father offers to pay him enough to climb out of debt.
The film concerns a mysterious man named Brayker, who arrives at a church-turned-rooming house in a small town in New Mexico. On the run from wicked mercenaries for almost 90 years, Brayker finally stops to plan to face off against the Collector and his band of ghouls.
After exposing police corruption, a journalist is drawn into an underground world of violent vigilantism.
A widower returns to his hometown to unearth clues about his recently departed wife's untimely death, which may be linked to the ghost of a murdered ventriloquist.
Set in a small Pennsylvania town near the end of the 19th century, the film concerns the people of the community who remained confined to their village because of the monsters that loom in the woods that surround them.
At a top-secret military lab, a group of brilliant young scientists have just unlocked the secret of invisibility. Head of research, Dr. Sebastian Caine decides to use himself as the subject. After the experiment can't be reversed, it takes a toll on Caine's personality, causing him to hunt down and kill his colleagues.
In order to find a biological weapon, FBI agent Sean Archer has to undergo a face-transplant surgery and assumes the identity of civil freelance terrorist Castor Troy who six years earlier killed Archer's son while trying to assassinate Archer. But things go wrong when Troy assumes the identity of Archer...
Singer and actress Demi Lovato opens up about using drugs, bipolar disease, eating disorders and her road to sobriety and a healthy life.
Two high school kids mentored by a nightclub owner go on a mission to find their classmate when she is kidnapped by a secret society.
Megan White, a naive teen, and Thomas Uncles, a student from the wrong side of the tracks, find common ground in their love of dancing. Their bond helps them realize their dreams as they enter in the mother of all dance battles.
Three Korean undercover live in the same area while waiting for their order. Won Ryu-hwan disguises as an idiot. In his time here, he always help people around. Lee Hae-rang disguises as a rock singer named Kim Min-su trying to join a amusement company. And another one disguises as a student. One day, an unexpected order arrives and its not what they hope.
A rookie detective, son of a dead disgraced cop, works to solve his first major case while under the watchful eye of a ghost-like assassin.
The movie follows Saranjeet Singh ';Sunny'; is a simple man who loves his family and values truth and believes in its triumphs. "';World suffers a lot, not because of bad people';s violence; but because of good people';s silence." The common men, when united are neither common nor helpless. Singh uses this as his strength and starts his fight against the corruption, injustice, bad and wrongs...
Hitman "El Mariachi" becomes involved in international espionage involving a psychotic CIA agent and a corrupt Mexican general.
A young woman moves to Los Angeles with the task of helping a famous author edit her upcoming romance novel. There, she learns about not judging a book by its cover after meeting two intriguing men: a surfer and a lawyer.
A key member of the State of Mind Family is Jimmy Gittins who had a professional rugby league career spanning over a decade. Jimmy sustained a serious neck injury that ended his rugby league playing career and he now speaks tirelessly about the importance of reaching out and speaking about your State of Mind.
The film got a broadcast airing as part of Sky Sports 1′s Super League Superstars on Thursday 10th April 2014 – the whole show focussing on Jimmy Gittins.
“I’m sure when bad things happen to us in life, many of us would want to forget they ever happened. To share my life’s adversities with the hope of possibly helping others, was something I felt it was the right time to do. But capturing it correctly and accurately was very very important to me. The understanding of this difficult task was easily taken care of by the professionalism of Mocha, making it a pleasure to share my story with them. The finished film totally blew me away! It far outweighed any expectations I had. I just hope that all involved realise their worth in delivering such a powerful film.” Jimmy Gittins
RT @DrFiChambers: A powerful, brave movie not afraid to tackle hard issues. Let’s hope that it is used in schools and universities to provo…
RT @MarieHMurphy: NEW OPPORTUNITY- Fully-funded PhD starting January 2019 to look at well-being in adolescent girls within the Walking In S…
RT @PietaHouse: Over 5,000 students in secondary schools nationwide will take part in the Pieta House ‘Resilience Academy’ a unique 3 stage…
RT @mentalhealth: This month we are turning our focus to men’s mental health. Read why here: https://t.co/8SrmJjwqVQ
State of Mind Ireland is comprised of a team of service users, players, coaches, mental health experts and sport professionals whose principle aim is to improve the mental health, wellbeing and working life of sports players and sporting communities throughout Ireland.
We are interested in raising awareness of mental fitness by delivering comprehensive education sessions at no cost throughout Ireland (North and South) to Sports Clubs as well as to Colleges and Community Groups aiming to raise awareness of mental health issues within sport.
UNL Institute of Agriculture and Natural Resources · College of Arts and Sciences School of Natural Resources
Thirty year monthly averages of precipitation and temperature for selected locations across the United State and around the world.
The High Plains Region Normals Maps include maps of precipitation, average temperature, maximum temperature, minimum temperature, heating degree days, and cooling degree days. The 1981-2010 Normals were used to comprise the maps.
The High Plains Climate Atlas is composed of a series of maps with various climatic variables being represented. In most instances, 50 years of data were used to comprise the atlas. Maps include mean maximum temperature, mean minimum temperature, precipitation thresholds, last spring freeze, first fall freeze, growing degree days (base 50), total precipitation, total snowfall, heating degree days, and cooling degree days.
Analysis of the 1887 to present Lincoln data archive with precipitation (rain and snowfall), temperature, and growing season climatologies.
Students are encouraged to complete course evaluations at the end of each semester. These are done electronically.
The StrictProperties extends the Properties with all the getters to throw a KeyNotFoundRuntimeException instead of returning null in case the key was not found.
I like the filter since it is equipped with a straight knurling edge for non-slip, easy attachment and removal. Good product.
A place to meet up with us and see what we're all about. Have fun with our quizzes, puzzles and great competitions.
Batting | Bowling | Fielding | All-round | Partnership | Team | Umpire and referee | Aggregate/overall
from to or - quick pick - matches starting this year matches starting last year last 12 months last 2 years last 3 years last 4 years last 5 years last 10 years 2000s 1990s 1980s 1970s 1960s 1950s 1940s 1930s 1920s 1910s 1900s 1890s 1880s 1870s 21st century 20th century 19th century
individual players each team innings each match each series each tour team opposition team each ground host country host continent year of match start season decade of match overall aggregate (only for overall view)
- choose another - matches as an umpire matches as a tv umpire matches as a match referee total matches as an official
- choose another - matches played matches won matches lost matches tied matches drawn matches with no result win/loss ratio percent of matches won percent of matches lost percent of matches drawn percent of matches tied percent of no results runs scored wickets taken balls bowled average runs per wicket average runs per six balls number of team innings highest team score lowest completed score
name of umpire/referee start date matches as an umpire matches as a tv umpire matches as a match referee total matches as an official
team name start date matches played matches won matches lost matches tied matches drawn matches with no result win/loss ratio percent of matches won percent of matches lost percent of matches drawn percent of matches tied percent of no results runs scored wickets taken balls bowled average runs per wicket average runs per six balls number of team innings highest team score lowest completed score
Topics and Takes: Lauren Brownlow is joined by SportsChannel8's Ben Swain, a lifelong Duke football fan (really)
The decision to close the school will be taken by the Headteacher in consultation with the Chair of Governors.
Such a decision will only be made if it is absolutely necessary to do so. Such a situation could arise, for example, as a result of insufficient numbers of staff being able to make their way to school, thus making children’s presence in school unsafe.
If adverse weather conditions or other circumstances arise which require the school to close, prior to the start of the school day, this will be communicated as soon as is possible in the following ways:-
If we were forced to close during the day, we would inform parents by email or, for those who do not receive this service, by telephone. Everything reasonably possible would be done to ensure children’s safety and well-being.
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link.
General: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
this picture has been submitted by in concrete countertop phoenix, concrete countertops phoenix az, concrete kitchen countertops phoenix tag. you can explore further helpful articles in home interior category.
Want more Betty? Well good news, it is now official that Ugly Betty has been given the green light for a second season! The show has been named one of the most successful new shows of the season and has faired well in the weekly ratings. The show centers around Betty Suarez while she deals with crazy situations at work and on the home front. Ugly Betty stars America Ferrera, Eric Mabius, Vanessa Williams and is produced by the popular Salma Hayek. Both the show and cast members have been honored with numerous awards since the premiere in the Fall of 06'. Congratulations to the entire team of Ugly Betty and here's to another great year!
Watch sex cam shows and chat for free, NudeLive provides a platform that allows you to connect with thousands of cam girls & guys instantly.‎Couple Cams · ‎Asian Cams · ‎18+ Teen Cams · ‎Big Tits Cams. Chat for FREE and Watch HD Live Sex cam shows! + Models are waiting for You. Enjoy a Private Show with your dream girl now! NO registration required. Watch 's of Real People Naked & Having Sex Live on Webcam 24/7. % Free to Watch, Chat & Broadcast. No-Sign Up & No Registration Required.‎Trans · ‎Vanessadoll1's · ‎Danna32sexy's · ‎Gatadosul2's. TNAFlix the ultimate porn and free porn experience with 's of porn videos streaming live 24/7 and the most advanced porn features our users love and use daily. TNAFlix is the #1 porn site on the Internet always fresh and exciting. ciekaweoferty.eu is updated daily with full-length DVD's for your viewing pleasure. With the. Chat for FREE and Watch HD Live Sex cam shows! + Models are waiting for You. Enjoy a Private Show with your dream girl now! NO registration required. Watch live couples chatting on ciekaweoferty.eu! THE ACT OF MASTURBATING WHILE CHATTING ONLINE .. have consented being photographed and/or filmed, believe it is their right to engage in consensual sexual acts for the entertainment and education of other adults and I believe it is my right as an adult to watch.
If you&apos;re looking for an interactive online editor that is similar to the Decoded Editor, we&apos;d recommend you give Thimble a try. It&apos;s a free service provided by Mozilla.
To move a project to Thimble, first load the app in your browser, Right Click and choose "View Source". Copy and paste the code into your new Thimble project.
On Yom Ha'atzmaut our middle school learned about the geography of Israel using the smartboard and some of the tools on the floating bar.
I divided the smarboard in half; on side i downloaded the map of Israel with all of its landmarks including cities, seas, and neighboring countries. On the other side, I downloaded a blank map. I then covered the whole smartboard with a "screen" by dragging this tool from the tool bar. Each student received a blank map of Israel with the landmarks numbered. The students were first asked to identify each landmark on their own. I then uncovered half of the "screen" showing only the blank map on the smartboard. The students were individually called up to the board to fill in on the map the landmarks in Hebrew and then check themselves if they were correct by uncovering the screen and looking at the completed map.
Labels: Hebrew, High school, Huntington Beach, Israel, Literacy, Middle school, Peoplehood, Smartboard
Until now we have used the iPods for audio recordings. It was a tool to promote the students’ reading and speaking skills (oral skills).
The students can watch Israeli news clips, listen to Israeli music and watch any video from sites like you tube. You tube has a variety of videos and it is wonderful to be able to download these videos onto the iPods. The students can follow current events, learn about Israeli artists, “visit” sites and do so much more.
Students can watch a video and then write a summary of what they had watched, a personal reflection, a response letter, an article, a poem etc.
The iPods will open a whole new world of current issues in a form that the students love and are familiar with.
In order to use the Youtube videos, I converted them into an .mp4 file, using keepvid.com. This website is very useful for converting videos. I have also used vixy.net in the past, but it's not as reliable as keepvid.com.
It was easy to sync the videos to the iPods after the conversion. The power cart made this a very quick process, in that all of the iPods were visible on the computer and I could easily transfer the movie files to all of the iPods at once.
I was impressed with the quality of the videos and I agree with Anat - this opens up some more exciting possibilities for the iPods.
I’m EXCITED! The last part of the AviChai grant money has come through and combined with money from another grant it purchased BrightLink interactive projector for my class. The BrighLink is a very similar concept to a Smart Board or Promethean board, except there’s no special board involved – the projector is mounted on the ceiling and projects directly to a wall or white board surface. It is compatible with either Smart Board or Promethean software, and the images can be manipulated with a special pen directly on the surface without a need for a special board.
Of course, it will take a while before I’ll be able to take full advantage of this wonderful technology. At this point I’m using it as a glorified projector. I do have several ideas for activities but I’ll need training and lots of practice to get them to the operational stage. I hope that by the beginning of the next school year I'd be able to use it fully, and until then I'll use some of the features.
A technology is only as good as the creativity of the educators who use it in their lessons. As I’m not the first to receive a smart-type board from AviChai I checked the blog to see what my colleagues have done. To my disappointment I found that all are working with middle or high school students. I hope that eventually my co-teacher who teaches the same curriculum in grades 2-5 will get a BrightLink system installed and we’ll be able to develop lesson plans together. And if any of you, my blog readers, know of an elementary school teacher who is teaching Hebrew using a smart-type board and who would like to exchange ideas and lesson plans – please make the shiduch.
Today was Yom Hashoah. To commemorate this day, I "captured" through Jing a video of a survivor from Kol Yisrael/Wallah news in Hebrew. I loaded it to Screencast.com and presented it today to the class on the smartboard. The students listened to the clip and were instructed to write down the new words and verbs they heard. The class was impressed by the 83 year old male survivor who "refused to die" and presevered through five death camps by creating his own "imaginary world". Mr. Ayalon was honored last night, together with his grandson, a soldier, to light "the torch of victory" in Yad Vashem. For homework, the students were asked to analyze the verbs used in this clip. Meaning, they had to classify the verbs according to the Binyanim and then change them to different tenses. Tomorrow, we will make a chart and review the verbs on the smartboard. Each student will have a opportunity to come up to the smarboard and fill in the chart.
Our Multi-Media club at DKJA is full steam ahead! After some exercises in capturing and editing audio files, our students spent a week editing video footage to coincide with audio tracks. Students gained an acute awareness of the use and dramatic benefit of this interplay in mass media and for their own projects as well.
We began to learn about planning stages of development, how to storyboard, and brainstormed for ideas and media that could be used for various hypothetical assignments. With all of the hypothetical experience under their belts we began discussing some more real full-scale media assignments.
We divided the students into two groups, each group working on separate projects. One group would focus on putting together a short-length trigger video that would kick-off/introduce any Yom Hashoah/Holocaust Remembrance Day commemorations our school would create (with our hope that it would be showcased in the lower and middle schools at DKJA as well.) The second group is tasked with creating an end of the year retrospective, a mini video-yearbook for our High School. We spent time brainstorming, storyboarding and collecting various forms of media to be used in the respective projects.
In preparation for the long Pesach Break, the groups were outfitted with Sony's new Flip Cams. Small, sleek, teen friendly and user friendly, these little gadgets had the students excited and left them all bitten by the techie bug. Immediately the students started playing around, testing out their new equipment. Whether through the the design, Sony's name brand recognition, or their ad campaigns, the students were in. We briefly discussed some drawbacks; the Flip doesn't have an audio input - so that filming in a mall or at the beach in the wind would make it virtually impossible to capture any audio - but this did not as of yet deter their enthusiasm.
The two groups left for Spring Break with their Flip, an understanding of their timetable, and a good list of clips to shoot, and others to find from stock footage. When we get back from break it will be interesting to see what they have come up with. We will collectively look through their footage, peer edit and whittle down what was collected to what can be used.
We are excited to welcome Francine Safdaye to our team at DKJA as our Technology-Intergration Consultant. Immediately after break Francine will be joining our club meetings and will help with peer editing, as well as offer some insight in filming and photography. Using the students own work, we will demonstrate important basics like the law of thirds that will aid our students as they work towards completing their projects.
All-in-all, the students were excited and had their work cut out for them. I hope they come back from their break rested, relaxed and just as excited as when they left with their new cameras in hand. We shall see what they produced pretty soon, and I am sure we will have some great stuff into which we can sink our collective creative teeth!
This blog is for the educational technology projects run by The AVI CHAI Foundation. Participants post their ideas and reflections, comments are welcome!
To learn about our efforts to improve the accessibility and usability of our website, please visit our Accessibility Information page. Skip to section navigation or Skip to main content
Phil serves as the Cincinnati United Soccer Club CUP Girls Technical Director. Originally, hailing from Copenhagen, Denmark, Phil comes to Cincinnati from Naperville, Illinois where he was the Executive Director for Team Chicago Soccer Club and a coach for the Eclipse Develop Academy. During his time in Chicagoland he has been extremely active in the Regional and National Olympic Development Program as a Region II Senior Staff coach, and has served in several roles with U.S. Soccer including as a U17, U20 and U23 Girls National Team Scout and as the U.S. Soccer Training Center Liaison for Illinois & Wisconsin. Phil has also served on the Midwest Regional League (MRL) Club Leaders Committee. While at Team Chicago Phil grew the club from 300 Elite players to over 475 Elite Players. In 2013 Phil coached Team Chicago Academy-Botafogo to the U18 US Youth Soccer National Championship. The same team was the US Youth Soccer National Runners-Up in 2014. Phil’s coaching background includes coaching in his native Denmark, as well as at Kalamazoo College and Smith College, and youth and high school soccer in Michigan and Massachusetts. In 2007 he spent five months in Brazil coaching with Cruzeiro Esporte Clube and Team Chicago Brazil, and he has spent time studying in Holland with the Ajax academy and in Denmark with the Brøndby IF academy. Phil has done his coaching education in Scotland (UEFA A & B), USA (USSF B and NSCAA Premier), and Denmark (UEFA C).
Chris serves as the Kings Hammer Girl's Director of Coaching and previously was the assistant coach for the Slippery Rock University Men's Program. He is a long time assistant coach at the collegiate level, working primilary with goalkeepers. He spent the 2010 season as an assistant at the University of Cincinnati, where he tutored third team All-Big East goalkeeper Matt Williams. Prior to his time at Cincinnati, Chris was a member of the athletic department staff at Wright State University from 2006-2010. He served as the assistant coach for the men's program in 2009 and 2010 and also served as the assistant for the women's program throughout his entire tenure. During his time at Wright State, he also served as a coach with the Ohio South Olympic Development Program from 2006-2009. Prior to his time at Wright State, Chris spent time as an assistant boys and girls soccer coach at Miamisburg High School where he trained the teams. His first coaching appointment came in 2001-2002 as an assistant coach with the University of Findlay's Men's Program, where he helped the team to the NCAA Division II semifinals. Chris is a 2001 graduate of The University of Findlay with a bachelor's degree in criminal justice.
We are excited to announce our staff for the Cincinnati Development Academy with both our DA and CDA Premier teams.
Fragment of a band with a design of animals on both sides of an undulating branch; woven with pale brown linen and neutral violet wool. The border consists of a crenellated design. The plain violet band on the left suggests that this may be a fragment of a sleeve band. Design shows Roman influence.
Getting the right degree is very important. If you want a rewarding career in a profession you choose, the first step is getting your degree in the appropriate field of study. You should plan ahead and make sure you get a degree that you can apply toward the career path you want. Getting your degree is probably not as difficult as you might think. We simplify the process and make it easy for you. All you need to do to get started is fill out the easy form to the left.
All high school students fantasize about a young and beautiful teacher, but Kei Kusanagi came to the point that clearly presented as their new “cool” on behalf of Mizuho Kaji night before came down from heaven in a spacecraft and pull it out of the lake, where the unfortunate fall by surprise.
Since Kay born man painful and just that - loses consciousness, then, without artificial respiration, clear the matter, it was not … And the most interesting - all of it was true!
Mizuho-sensei, of course, good and beautiful, and the half-dugout, but the position still - secret agent of the Galactic Federation and, above all, must keep professional secrets. But how to take control of a reliable young Japanese guy? And just - marrying him, the more that Kay, a student of the first class of high school, was suddenly … adult. Only here, although according to the law, how to explain the situation to numerous students, friends and neighbors who are not aware of the difficult circumstances of each of the “married”? But Kay, little getting used to a new role, firmly I realized one thing - love will overcome all obstacles, even the phenomenon of galactic mother in law!
Loads of studios will frown on it, but some studios will specialise in it. Tattoos originally ended up produced from ash with the fire currently being rubbed into a pre created wound.
In this article at Bubblegum Ink we had been from the press for tattooing ashes into several shoppers right after their grandfather handed away. The Instances, The Each day Mirror, The Metro, The Sun along with the Daily Mail all gave plenty of protection to the patterns and our ashes tattoo course of action.
Because then We now have had a steady list of purchasers coming in for ashes tattoos. The true essence of a remembrance tattoo can't be any bigger than possessing a modest part of that individual along with you until you too move absent.
The cremated ashes are introduced in and we choose little part of it To place during the tattoo, we choose a small percentage of the ashes which have been in a small dust like consistency. We’ll autoclave the ashes in the vacuum autoclave. This will make certain that Despite the fact that the ashes are completely sterilized with the cremation approach, the autoclaving will assure Now we have a sterile item to utilize. The quantity made use of usually equates to concerning the suggestion of the tea spoons worthy of.
Then the standard tattoo procedure begins. Layout software etcetera. The primary difference comes with mixing the inks. Black features a Significantly denser ash accepting pigmentation. Micro dispersed ink other than the ashes finest. If a thicker ink is made use of then the mix from the ink and also the ashes is a whole lot far more sporadic. The ashes are set from the ink and a little ink mixer is made use of. The vortex caused by the mixer will drive the greater particles to the edge and hold mixing the greater suitable dimensions of ashes being blended comprehensively in to the ink.
Our tattoo artists will make sure that they use the ink from the middle from the ink pot to make certain that the effectively combined ink is utilised. The tattoo approach carries on to the tip Which’s the one variation. We are certainly informed which the ink that is definitely read more remaining from the pots, however has cremated ashes remaining in them. So once the tattoo We are going to place the suggestion of the tissue to the ink pot. Blood will constantly come to the very best of an ink pot, Therefore the tissue, will, using a wick motion pull the blood onto the tissues for safe duty of treatment disposal by us, all the things else is disposed of apart from the ink caps. The ink that may be blended Along with the ashes is placed on a tissue or maybe a tissue on the consumers choice for them to get with them. The use by use of micro dispersed inks for ashes tattoos also tends to make the healing process lots a lot easier and there's a least volume, ( if any ) of scabbing. Massive large inks will normally make large hefty scabs and seen as Now we have taken the eye to provide the ashes place in then a scab will part reverse and pull the little ashes particles back out.
We hope this has specified you a quick information about the ashes tattoo method. We've tattooed dog ashes into shoppers and horse ashes in addition. (When you are likely to obtain a four legged liked on tattooed into you, generally be sure to inform the location where your animal is having cremated and they'll Be sure that the particles of ashes are of an appropriate dimensions to the tattooing method.)
In idea When your beloved regardless of whether two or four legged has long been cremated then we can certainly tattoo ashes into your tattoo design and style to make sure your remembrance tattoo is as beloved as feasible.
Kat the Leopardess serves as the site maintainer. She has been involved with furry fandom for over 10 years and loves to see furries having fun and being themselves.
The 15th Annual FurBQ, which took place in Irvine Regional Park. Furries enjoy a day of food, fun and festivities. This annual event is about getting together with good friends, and maybe even meeting some new ones. Photo courtesy LostWolf321.
Sandoz' other costume is a purple moose. Its versatile and definitely is one you notice in a park. :)
Organized furmeet at Oceanside's "market night", October 2014. This street faire featured arts and crafts booths. The furries were there to spread some fun and share some smiles.
Rolling through March, we have stayed behind the scenes making sure we really consider what we plan for this year’s annual FurBQ. Without further ado, we can now say that we have secured our spot.
SoCal Furs’ 20th annual FurBQ is happening this Fall, on Saturday November 10th. We will have plenty of time to bust out some picnic supplies. The FurBQ is a long standing tradition and we will return to our green and shady spot within Irvine Regional Park
Finding a date was challenging this year, as the Canyon Fire took out one of the four Reserved picnic areas. This created heavy competition for the remaining three reserved spaces. The November slot we chose was the only one available After the Pumpkin Patch festival: The alternative would have been too early in September (the week after Labor Day), which would have made it a true FurBQ (All those overheated fursuiters and costumers). Our Past Fall FurBQs, held on Nov 16th 2013 and Nov 14 2015, both fared well with the cooler weather and were enjoyed by everyone despite the shorter park time.
In the next 6 months, we have some ideas and plans. We will keep you informed with our social media network of sites. Overall, we have been wanting to do something special for our community. With this being our 20th year, its destined that we should have something to commemorate all these awesome memories.
Kat the Leopardess | Category: Local Events | Tags: bbq, booking, community, eating event, event changes, event info, fall event, FurBQ, local events, meet-and-greet, Orange County, outdoors, park, picnic, reservation, save the date
Can it finally be “Spring” yet? While recent SoCal weather has yet to decide, we look at March as when things start to happen. Well, we can only speak for ourselves when we say that. Really, for the Southern California area, this is a year round thing. 😉
Looking on recent weeks, I can say that events are picking up again. From photoshoot meets in Ventura and Santa Barbara, pockets of small monthly meets, to casual park meets in Pasadena and Orange County … the mix of event types has been nice. Admittedly, we did post some meets that …well… we arent sure how they went. We try and keep in contact with organizers, especially for the new events, but sometimes we get no answer. No matter how you communicate best, our contact form is always open.
Special thanks to Anpu42 who helps keep Meetup.com cooking and assists in finding more great events to add all around. Special thanks to Axel and Leo Tsubasa for helping with upkeep on our Facebook Page.
San Diego Furries are very active on the weekends, including the LMFAO meet. Here are shots from the February 2017 meet, at the original Lame Murray Park.
Inland Empire My Little Pony Meet and Greet and a Movie!!! Here we go with a major change for the My Little Pony Meet and Greet, now it is the Inland Empire My Little[...]
RBFM is a casual and very fun BBQ style meet held the 3rd weekend of every month. We have raffles (so bring some cash with ya), music, games, food/beverage and great conversation! Everyone is welcome,[...]
Hello all! This weekend we will be hosting the Belmont Park/beach meet! Look for a couple canopies set up, and a bunch of fuzzies running around on a hill peninsula between two large sand pits![...]
Tail! is So Cal’s permanent nightclub event. Similar to the trailblazing parties Frolic and Foxtrot), we want this to be an expressive, open event, (so yes you CAN bring your leather/ rubber/ kink get-ups in[...]
This is a potluck meet hosted at Mile Square Regional Park in Fountain Valley. We will be hosting this event every fourth Saturday of every month. Make sure to read the meet rules. Please bring[...]
Copyright © 2018 SoCal Furs Base theme Runway is created by the team at Parallelus, and released under GPL Liscense.';
If you've started blogging and connecting with other bloggers you may notice there's quite a few different blogging networks to join. The main concept of all of these blogging networks is to connect your blog with brands. Many of these blogging networks pay you for your work and time spent promoting these brands and products. I am a member of many different networks and they are definitely a good source to start making money from your blog.
Disclosure: This post contains some affiliate links, which means that if you click on one of the product links, I may receive compensation.
Please note - I will remove any companies that I believe aren't legitimate. Having said that, use at your own risk. (more…)
Make your own indoor herb garden this spring | www. Make your own indoor herb DIY VIDEO: How to Make a Mason Jar Herb Garden with Model...
nopCommerce version 3.2 plugin that supports a Hosted Payment Solution through the E-xact payment gateway. It also supports Interac Online Debits!
The challenges of the CAP reform for GI wines | Interview with Bernard Farges, President of EFOW 5 November 2018
CAP post-2020 | EFOW is satisfied with the proposals on quality policy, cautious about planting authorisations and wine programmes & against granting the term wine to alcohol-free products 1 June 2018
PRESS RELEASE | EFOW calls for the continued use of copper in viticulture, notably for the organic sector 22 May 2018
Presse release | The EU Wine sector joins forces to rise to the challenge of alcoholic beverages self-regulation 12 March 2018
Press release | EFOW reflects on the European GI wines strong performance and the way forward 22 November 2017
First G7 of Geographical Indications: EFOW joins the call to Governments to do more to fight all kind of usurpations 11 October 2017
PDF-2caf7 | After Sherrif Christopher Wallace found Grace Richardson last year and exposed the polygamy leaders as murders, he thought Weber, Texas would get back to normal. Little did he know, the worst was yet to come. When three young women are found floating in the Trinity River in the same week,, he suspects a serial killer is at large. As if that isn’t enough, the banker’s son and his girlfriend are mu… Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2)
Download eBook Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2) by Carol Braswell across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
Follow these steps to enable get access Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2):
[Pub.14wNS] Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2) PDF | by Carol Braswell
This Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Mist on Trinity River (Book 2 of Weber, Texas Series) (Volume 2) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Download eBook El amigo americano (Spanish Edition) by Patricia Highsmith across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This El amigo americano (Spanish Edition) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of El amigo americano (Spanish Edition) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry El amigo americano (Spanish Edition) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This El amigo americano (Spanish Edition) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-f90a8 | In a dark era of the past, Cotiso is the rare exception in a world ravaged by cruelty. He’s an old man with a big heart and religious values, a traveling merchant who has spent much of his life on the road. Yet, not all of his life experiences could have prepared him for what is going to happen next. Cotiso finds himself faced with a moral choice, either he leaves behind the vulnerable girl they h… Sister of Echo: The Making of A Villain (part 1) (Volume 1)
Download eBook Sister of Echo: The Making of A Villain (part 1) (Volume 1) by ameel koro across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Sister of Echo: The Making of A Villain (part 1) (Volume 1) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Sister of Echo: The Making of A Villain (part 1) (Volume 1) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Sister of Echo: The Making of A Villain (part 1) (Volume 1) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Sister of Echo: The Making of A Villain (part 1) (Volume 1) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-267da | “Under our new banner which now flies above us all, we will truly have freedom, equality, and fellowship among men and women … Freedom of sexual partners, freedom of recreational pharmaceuticals. Everyone will be equal in all financial matters … Tolerance and equality are to be our watchwords. And unity with Mother Gaia our touchstone.”The crowd went wild, cheering, clapping…Satan’s Gambit–… Satan’s Gambit: Book One Battle Lines Are Drawn a Novel
Download eBook Satan’s Gambit: Book One Battle Lines Are Drawn a Novel by Gene Conti MD across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Satan’s Gambit: Book One Battle Lines Are Drawn a Novel book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Satan’s Gambit: Book One Battle Lines Are Drawn a Novel without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Satan’s Gambit: Book One Battle Lines Are Drawn a Novel can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Satan’s Gambit: Book One Battle Lines Are Drawn a Novel having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-60830 | Murder and mystery continue in the fourth book of the Cape Refuge series. A famous mystery writer has just moved to Cape Refuge when a teenage girl is found murdered. Sheila Caruso – ex-con, mother to Sadie and Caleb, and resident of Hanover House – is working for the writer when she discovers that a scene in one of his novels matches the crime scene. When Police Chief Cade and Blair Owens discove… Breaker’s Reef: Cape Refuge Series #4
Download eBook Breaker’s Reef: Cape Refuge Series #4 by Terri Blackstock across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Breaker’s Reef: Cape Refuge Series #4 book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Breaker’s Reef: Cape Refuge Series #4 without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Breaker’s Reef: Cape Refuge Series #4 can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Breaker’s Reef: Cape Refuge Series #4 having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-58a84 | Ireland, 2004Róisín Burns has spent over twenty-five years living a lie.Brian Lonergan, a rising politician, has used the time to reinvent himself.But scandal is brewing around him, and Róisín knows the truth.Lonergan stole her life as a young girl. And now she wants it back.But he is still one step ahead …… Siren
This Siren book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Siren without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Siren can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Siren having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Download eBook Deeper Secrets (Secrets Series) (Volume 4) by Bowen Greenwood across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Deeper Secrets (Secrets Series) (Volume 4) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Deeper Secrets (Secrets Series) (Volume 4) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Deeper Secrets (Secrets Series) (Volume 4) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Deeper Secrets (Secrets Series) (Volume 4) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-5b16c | Based on true experiences, this story captures the complexity, confusion, and terror of having an anxiety disorder and dealing with trauma. Just because we are unwell does not mean life stops. And those we meet on our journey will either belittle us or liberate us, wreck us, or help us find balance…. Goodnight, My Demons
Download eBook Goodnight, My Demons by Charleen Sye across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Goodnight, My Demons book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Goodnight, My Demons without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Goodnight, My Demons can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Goodnight, My Demons having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-8986c | Ike Schwartz thought he could return to his hometown and ditch the demons that pursue him. More than anything, he wanted to blot out the pain and anger that came when his wife of less than a month was gunned down in a CIA foul-up. So he buried himself as sheriff in rural Picketsville, Virginia, a community indistinguishable from any of the hundreds of small towns that hang like beads on Interstate… Artscape: An Ike Schwartz Mystery
Download eBook Artscape: An Ike Schwartz Mystery by Frederick Ramsay across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Artscape: An Ike Schwartz Mystery book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Artscape: An Ike Schwartz Mystery without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Artscape: An Ike Schwartz Mystery can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Artscape: An Ike Schwartz Mystery having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-a961e | This is the final part of a two-volume radical retelling of the ancient Indian epic, The Mahabharata. The first volume, The Scales, follows the story of Karna as he goes from mysterious and humble beginnings to train in the arts of combat with two sets of princes. His rivalry with Arjuna, the greatest warrior among these, embroils him in the growing enmity between the royal families. In this se… The Mahabharata of Palmira: Volume Two: The Yoke
This The Mahabharata of Palmira: Volume Two: The Yoke book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of The Mahabharata of Palmira: Volume Two: The Yoke without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry The Mahabharata of Palmira: Volume Two: The Yoke can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This The Mahabharata of Palmira: Volume Two: The Yoke having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
From going on road trips to telling stories by the campfire, we believe summer is best when it’s spent making memories with friends and loved ones. This Summer, the So Delicious Dairy Free team is challenging you to take a moment to celebrate the moments that make the season truly amazing by raising a pint (of frozen dessert, that is—like this)!
#RaiseAPint will run from July 11th-August 5th. During this time, we will award 20 entries with an ice cream party prize pack. We’ll also be sharing tips and dairy-free recipes to help you make this a truly unforgettable summer!
So whatever you’re raising a pint to this summer, we would love to be a part of it! Share your moment with us on Instagram, Facebook, or Twitter and be sure to use #RaiseAPint! Click here to read the full, Official Contest Rules.
Your soy ice cream is the better tasting ice cream. I really loved the turtle trails but you did continued it. I had not eaten ice cream in over 10 years until I found out about your ice cream.
I haven’t found your products in the Central Valley of California. (Fresno, Clovis, Sanger, Pinedale, etc.) I tried your search engine to locate a local store, and it churned for 35 min. without any results. You have sent me coupons a year or two ago, but I could never use them! No stores in my area carry your products.
We’re sorry to hear you’ve had difficulty finding our products. We’ll look into it. In the meantime, try starting again with a fresh browser, or call us at 1-844-349-6329 and we’ll be happy to help you find a store!
I recently tried your coconut milk chocolate ice cream its so creamy and like your name so delicious I just wish I could find the chocolate peanut butter one near me its ALWAYS sold out must be really popular
I totally devoured a pint of chocolate peanut butter because kids were making me crazy. #Summer #NoPicture
It is hard to get where I live, but when I can I get when I find it. I am allergic to milk and yours has a way better flavor as well
You have such a big selection which is great but I’m so worried about the chance of cross contamination because of the nut products in the ice cream you make, my kids are allergic so we used to do soy or coconut milk only.
Hi Elilis. Thank you for sharing your concern with us. At the core of what we do is a passion for providing delicious foods and beverages that are safe for those who cannot consume certain ingredients. We have managed a complex portfolio of products for over 30 years. While our heritage is in soy frozen desserts, we realized that many people were unable to eat our soy products because of allergies. For this reason, we expanded our portfolio to fit the needs of many people who manage complex food restrictions. We’re very proud of our safety record. We have been making soy, almond, cashew and coconut based products in our facilities for years, as well as managing various inclusions that go into our frozen desserts. It is because of our rigorous allergen-control program that we have been able to manage this complex portfolio of products. When we make a product on equipment that may also be used to produce a food or beverage containing gluten or any of the major allergens, we follow a strict allergen cleaning and testing protocol. We hope this helps! To learn more, please call us at 1-844-349-6329.
Going Dairy free wasn’t tough until the “ice cream” challenge came up. I love me my ice cream and was deeply saddened to watch my hubby eat his and know I shouldn’t eat any. Enter So Delicious! Yeah! Birds sang once again. The skies were blue and the sun shone brightly! Thank you! But, how could you discontinue Turtle Trails? Awesomeness in a pint container!
I stay from anything that has any form of soy in it. Thankfully you have other ice cream that is delicious.
I share this with my grandson (no dairy for us, please and thank you). If there’s any left, which is rare, I have learned that his father enjoys the rest for us. lol
Hi Linda! We’re sorry, we don’t currently distribute intercontinentally. However, we’re happy to hear that you’re interested in seeing our products in New Zealand, and we’ll be happy to let our international team know!
We’re sorry to hear that you’re having a hard time finding our Coconutmilk Mint Chip! We recommend letting your store manager know that you love it, and ask that it be ordered more frequently.
So Delicious is the ice cream I eat 90% of the time. Dairy upsets my system. I love every flavor I’ve tried. It is great! Thanks!
I am addicted to the cashew milk ice cream. There is nothing as good as this! I am having a difficult time stopping before the pint is gone! So far I have tried 3 flavors and like the chocolate and cashew the best. Thanks for a great product as all your other products are A one as well.
Ice cream is my favorite. Already gluten free and feeling deprived from my favorite flavor, cookie dough has been sad. Then Having to go dairy free has adds to the challenge. So delicious has been a life saver! My favorite is the coconut cookie dough. And it’s gluten free!!
My daughters are vegetarian and raising their children with these healthy products. I so admire their diligence as to what they feed their children. My grandson has Austism and his diet is of utmost importance. Sure would love to win this contest of SO
delicious for my 3 vegan grandchildren. These boys have stolen my heart. I am sure they would enjoy this product. Do not know how to tag or I would.
I eat So Delicious Dairy-Free, Soy-Free ice cream every day. I absolutely love it. I could not enjoy ice cream with my dairy and soy allergies if it were not for So Delicious. Thank you So Delicious. I truly love you!
I give up. In my desperation to win some delicious So Delicious ice cream, I signed up for Instagram. I just found out you have to have an iPhone (I don’t even have a cell phone) to upload my photo. So I pinned it on Pinterest instead. Sure wish Pinterest was allowed. I’m happy for the winners anyway. Yah So Delicious!
Hi Mary. We’re sorry for your trouble! Unfortunately, the contest has ended. But we’d still like to offer you a little something for your efforts! Just send us an email with your mailing address to socialmedia@sodeliciousdairyfree.com and we’ll get it in the mail to you!
We don’t have current plans to distribute our products to New Zealand, but we’ll gladly let our international team know you’d like to see them!
Wow, I had gotten used to the plain vanilla and chocolate that my regular grocer carries, then stopped at another store because of an item they had on sale and checked out their specialty section. Took home mocha almond chocolate – no more being jealous of all the flavors in dairy icecrram
"CryptoExpert creates encrypted virtual disks and these disks are visible as usual disks with drive letters (for example, G:, H:, Z:, i.e. with any drive letter that is not used by other system devices). The data stored on a CryptoExpert disk is stored in the container file. A container is a file, so it is possible to backup a container, move or copy it to other disk (CD-ROM or network, for instance) and continue to access your encrypted data using CryptoExpert. Any free drive letter (or choosen letter) in the system may be used to mount and to open an encrypted file-container for access. When the virtual disk is opened, you can read and write data as if it were a conventional removable disk. You can do anything with a CryptoExpert virtual drive that you can do with a normal hard drive; only that with CryptoExpert, the encrypted volumes require password authentication before the files become accessible."
StrongDisk is a complex cryptographic system for securing confidential data on PCs, notebooks, and removable media
Evidence Eliminator is a protection tool enabling you to easily and permanently delete any information which could be evidence of your activity
Creates an encrypted virtual drive with password-protected access. Also, it's capable of hiding encrypted data in WAV files - no one will ever know that besides music there is something else in the file
Data encryption software. Lets you create self-extracting encrypted archives; hides sensitive data inside graphics files, plus much more
Data encryption program. Instead of using a password, Signature Cryptographer uses the contents of the file being encrypted. This way the password length may even exceed the length of the source file, making the encrypted file theoretically unbreakable
Creates and supports encrypted virtual disks which are visible as regular drives with corresponding drive letters
A powerful software suite that encrypts and conceals your secret data by means of steganography: your sensitive data is embedded in common BMPs or WAVs in such a way that no one will know the files contain anything other than graphics or sound
Gpg4win is an installer package for Windows with computer programs and handbooks for email and file encryption
A suite of tools for creating extra drives on your computer: Encrypted drives, Virtual CD-ROMs, Virtual drives based on files, Virtual drives based on folders, RAM-drives
A multi-functional secure communications system that comprises secure and anonymous email, secure online storage, file sharing and distribution, instant messaging and chatting
VSEncryptor is an easy to use file and text encryption program. You can encrypt any file or text you choose. To access the file (or text) again, you would need access to the password that was used while encrypting.
A modem enhancer. Throttle makes changes to the Registry and system files to enhance Internet download and upload speeds. Compatible with all modem types: Dial-up, DSL, ADSL, Cable, ISDN, and Satellite internet connections.
Displays the current weather on your desktop. Displayed are location, local time, weather conditions and temperature (Celsius or Fahrenheit). HoverWeather is also capable of displaying tomorrow's weather forecast (the program uses the data on weather.yahoo.com).
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use the Nurte Facebook Like Box. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use the Nurte Facebook Like Box, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.
When you upload software to oldversion.com you get rewarded by points. For every field that is filled out correctly, points will be rewarded, some fields are optional but the more you provide the more you will get rewarded!
So why not upload a peice software today, share with others and get rewarded! click here to upload software>>
The Dutch Fyra trains are marked return to sender. The replacements of the Dutch and Belgian Sea King helicopters are corroding. In 2014 the Antwerp “boerentoren” (farmers’ tower) was equipped with...
TOKYOFLASH was established in 2000 in Tokyo, as the name suggests, and since then has grown into a world leader for the design and sales of unique watches for lovers of japanese wristwears that they cannot get from anywhere else.
Over the past several years, TokyoFlash has experienced great success with the promotion of its products which are featured in many world famous magazines, newspapers, television shows and top technology blogs, as well as such shopping venues as the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) New York and colette France.
"We started designing unique watches for fun, but after my first design we became know in the media very quickly,” said Brent Car, founder and CEO of TokyoFlash. “Then we started to do more and more designs each getting attention in the media and movie and music industry." “Our company is still small but I like it that way,” Car said. “In fact we are turning down opportunities as I am not interested in ever going mainstrem. I like the size of our company. It’s like a boat, you always want a bigger one but once you have that big boat you miss all the simplicities of that smaller boat you had. Business is the same for me. Get too big and you lose the creativity."
TokyoFlash’s design philosophy is to create watches that are unique and fashionable. TokyoFlash designers have great fun working together on wild projects. Their way of thinking is "the crazier, the better".
“At first it was mostly just the idea,” Car explained. “Now, as we are progressing, we are understanding how important product design is to reflect on sales".
Taking advantage of Altair Evolve’s capabilities, we can play around in total freedom,” Car said. “For example, changing the radius to see how it blends into a strap, or adding a curve to flat glass, or a bevel. Then playing around with materials in the rendering process makes you think of applying a material where you never would traditionally.
Using Altair Evolve to explore different design concepts and reduce the product development process.
“With Altair Evolve we can visualize ideas as they flow, then discuss and refine or add details to make the best possible product to sell. We basically can understand how well a product will sell before we even start to make it.”
"One of the first things we used Altair Evolve for was our brochure which we gave out at the 100% Design Show in Tokyo where we won first place for best design." Car added.
TokyoFlash designers use the company blog to interact with their market audiences by showcasing new concept designs from the early ideation phase. Some of these products will be introduced in the market, others not. Comments, opinions and ideas from blog readers are noted and taken into consideration in the product development process. The most interesting concept designs will then go into production.
Altair Evolve contributed to this new approach to market by allowing TokyoFlash designers to develop and present new ideas very quickly.
“My staff can develop an idea and render it in Altair Evolve within a day,” Car explained. “With that we can already start testing the market through our blog and sending selected projects to the maker to get started while we work on further details.”
The concept for one of TokyoFlash’s latest products, the Escape C Bluetooth fashion accessory, was first presented in the TokyoFlash blog using photorealistic renderings made with Altair Evolve. Feedback from readers helped to develop it. The Escape C recently won the Best Design award at the 100% Design Tokyo event.
Car concluded: “It’s hard to put a value on this software as without it we would not be where we are, so it's priceless to us."
Tokyo Flash was founded by Brent Carr and has provided unique and exclusive designs for more than a decade. They actively focus on pushing the design envelope and introducing new technology.
Privacy | Website Terms of Use | Cookie Consent © 2018 Altair Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved. We are currently listed on Nasdaq as ALTR.
The use of mobile learning in the military is becoming increasingly common due to low cost and high portability. (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
InsightKnowledge is now offering online learning courses ! What sets InsightKnowledge’s learning courses apart from the competition is that you can take them anytime, anywhere on any mobile device ! The courses are formatted to be taken on small screens, can be used with your touchscreen interface and upon successfully completing the final test – you will get a certificate !
Even more exciting is that you can also become a mobile learning course author ! Create courses on any topic of your choosing and sell them for a price you determine. Creating courses is very simple – if you can use powerpoint, you can create an online learning course. Try it this example course. Use test@test.com to ‘pay’ for it (no real transaction will happen!). If you are interested, please let me know and I can give you an introduction and also explain the revenue model.
After researching and evaluating market offerings, the InsightKnowledge Blog has moved to a VPS (Virtual Private Server) run by RamNode offering reliable and high-speed services. The effect is that you are experiencing a much faster and smoother navigation.
With nothing but passion in motorbikes, Mr. Steven Chen started his motor career as an apprentice in repairing motorbikes in Malaysia in late 60s.
Recognizing the potential in this industry, he took the plunge and founded Choong Kok Agency Pte Ltd in 1975 in Singapore.
After decades of dedication and commitment, CKA has evolved into a household name and become one of the most successful companies in this industry.
Our business model is developed to cater to customer needs thus we have provided one-stop hassle free customer service to all our patrons – in house financing, road tax and insurance renewal, bike servicing and customization, are all available at our outlets.
We take good care of our customers by constantly sharing riding and safety tips with them. All our pre-own Daelim bikes come with stated warranty no matter how old the bikes are. This is the confidence we have in Daelim and provide the assurance that customers yield for.
In the event of full settlement payment, not only would there be NO early settlement penalty, but instead we would rebate you the interest from the outstanding amount (min 13months before settlement)!
We are motivated to establish good working relationships with our business suppliers and vendors, so that we could bring quality products to all our customers.
As the business world becomes more competitive, CKA believes that the survival of one’s business depends on
The key direction is to stay customer service orientated, focused, and grow together with them to deliver not just a great looking bike, but of value and satisfaction.
Launch Appointment Booking feature on CKA website; Development of Interactive Mobile App for all our friends.
Establish Motor Legend Enterprise (MLE) – one of the subsidiaries of CKA, motorcycle assembly plant in Malaysia.
Safety Device Conceptualisation, Invention and Development to take care of motorcyclists and reduce death rate in motorcycle accident.
CKA was the 1st company in Singapore to introduce the exclusive Bikers Club Membership, entitling the motorcyclist to discounted maintenance schemes and fun tour activities.
Introduced a 24-hour hotline service to cater to customers and Bikers Club Membership enquiries. Appointed “non-exclusive official recommender” by Harley Davidson of Singapore Pte Ltd.
Produced a Safety Defensive Riding video clip with the Traffic Police to promote awareness towards safe riding;
Bikers holding CKA VIP Card were waived cover charges to the Disco & Music Pub, Garaku at Orchard, Singapore.
Imported Harley Davidson motorcycles from USA. CKA was famous for providing stunning customisation for Harley Davidson motorcycles.
Introduce the first exclusive Gold Card Membership to provide maintenance service and perks for its members.
Mr. Steven Chen took part in motorcycle racing in Batu Tiga, KL, to draw public awareness. He got credit in racing after that.
A humble beginning, Choong Kok Motor Co. was established by Mr. Steven Chen who was then an enthusiastic Kampung Boy with interest in repairing motorbikes.
Daelim Motor Co Ltd is a Korean motorbike manufacturer whose history dates back to 1969. A collaboration with Japan manufacturer Honda in the 1980s further elevated their status as a quality bike manufacturer. Fast forward today, under the leadership of conglomerate Daelim Group, DMC has evolved into a world renowned company building trendy and reliable motorbikes. As the no.1 motorbike brand in Korea, Daelim Motor creates the culture of fun, easy riding by organizing the twice annually KSRC event in Seoul.
MLE is one of the subsidiaries of CKA, and is a fast growing brand in Malaysia specializing in 200/250cc trendy motorbikes. It’s our own in-house brand. With its manufacturing, R&D, and assembly based in Malaysia, MLE aims to be the market leader by producing better and trendy motorbikes in the region.
It is with great sadness and heavy hearts the family of Christina Schnelzer “Kicki” announce her passing on Thursday October 25th, 2018, due to complications with heart and lung illness. Christina was 58 years old.
Christina was born October 20th, 1960 in Karlstad, Sweden and moved to Canada in 1975. She resided in Dryden, Ontario most of her life, where she attended school, started a family and enjoyed her favourite pastimes including riding horses, bowling and socializing with her friends that she held so dear. Christina also made a home in Louis Creek, British Columbia and Winnipeg, Manitoba in different periods of her life.
Christina will always be remembered for her famous pot roast dinners, complete with delicious Yorkshire pudding, and her perfectly whipped potatoes and gravy; her love for the Eagles (you would often catch her singing Hotel California); her great affection towards all animals (she always had a soft spot for a stray or a rescue and would often bring home); But most of all her big heart and strong commitment to her family, caring for many needing love, support and guidance.
The family would like to thank everyone for their heart warming support and condolences in this very difficult time. There will not be an immediate funeral service, however a private spreading of the ashes ceremony and memorial will be held in the spring.
A fragrancenet coupon is actively embedded in our life. So, already a lot of people use different coupons everywhere and, thus, keep their budget.
In modern life, a coupon is a document, paper or electronic, which provides a discount on the payment of any product or service.
If you are in the store, then provide a coupon at the cash desk before paying for the product or service.
And when you study the conditions of using the fragrancenet coupon, boldly go to the site where you can apply it.
The ideal method to approach your divorce is with a plan which outlines your objectives and also the activities that must be taken to reach your objectives. If you're going through a separation, speak with an expert Westchester Area high net-worth separation when possible. No matter whether you have actually got an uncontested or contested separation, need to settle a young child guardianship disagreement or are trying to modify a preexisting spousal assistance order, we're here to aid.
Contact a Top Westchester Separation Lawyer Whether you're looking for to obtain a separation or if your spouse has actually lately commenced an activity against you, getting a tested and proficient divorce lawyer is most likely to make a difference. If you are looking for divorce, it's likely that you have actually got a selection of questions that need to be addressed. Divorce may be just one of the most difficult experiences in a person's life. Facing divorce can lead to a great deal of strain and uncertainty, and it is very important to your future and also your youngster's well-being that you're able to go after the end result that you desire.
Perhaps you are considering divorce. Separation is never ever a really straightforward approach. If you're considering divorce as a choice to go after enhanced scenarios, after that it is essential to recognize the effects which divorce can have in your life, especially in situation you have children. To begin with, it is necessary to be knowledgeable about the really first step to separation and also the means to start achieving it.
Cutting down on the costs you should pay to your legal rep is in fact surprisingly easy, Divorce electronic books in the primary expense almost nothing but has the possible to conserve a package. The couple is going to need to supply net worth declarations and also whatever else that belongs to the financials of the marriage. Every single time a couple can't settle their differences, divorce might be an option they decide to liquify the partnership. You ought to understand what that indicates and whether it will certainly require a couple of hours or a day or more of lawful job.
Collective law is a kind of disagreement resolution where the parties function beyond the courts to be able to reach an optimum settlement that serves to all events. What to Ask a Lawyer When collecting your ideas and papers, consider what you're most likely to want to ask the attorney. An excellent lawyer recognizes the way to establish a complete strategy that has the appropriation of assets and contingency plans. Besides detailed scholastic qualifications, ensure that your selected lawyer has considerable experience taking care of separation instances and also various other components of family members regulation. Our skilled and also experienced separation lawyers are prepared to aid guarantee your requirements are attended to, as well as your rate of interests aren't neglected during your divorce. In a handful of separation instances, lawsuits is required. If it is required, she will zealously shield your interests in the court.
Frequently, as soon as a family legal representative is very trustworthy and has a good relationship with nearly any type of client, odds are he is mosting likely to be promoted by previous and present customers to brand-new ones. It's not sufficient to recognize your attorney intends to start by preparing a Summons as well as Grievance. Assistance SystemApart from the legal aid which you will obtain, click this site an attorney can additionally supply you with a support group you will require. It's insufficient to recognize your lawyer intends to start by preparing a Summons as well as Issue. It is possible to anticipate all lawful issues along with your lawyer from kid custodianship, guardianship, and in some cases also separation.
Your circumstance is beneficial to us, and you may be positive that we'll run to supply you with the legal support and also the depiction that you need on your side. You have to understand your legal representatives have actually handled the type of lawful issue prior to and also you intend to be confident in your legal group's capacity to get a favourable outcome. Legal matters are typically difficult, however household legislation instances can be specifically psychological, that makes it a lot more vital to pick the ideal legal representative.
Determining that will certainly maintain wardship is a substantial concern, and also if you're not able to obtain the end result which you prefer, after that you might suffer significantly from unwanted conditions. The best choice is all up to the judge. The outcome of a cheap attorney situation extremely depends upon the lawyer's ability to construct an instance and also organize proof.
could you briefly explain what the "Resources" Windows 98 SE is (are) 2 tfrancell / Stephen Brooks 2004-12-19 12:00:55
Stephen always had cameras during his childhood in England. Half way through his university years he decided that photography was the career that he wanted, but being realistic, after graduating he spent a year as a humble studio assistant . Working for three advertising specialists in London, he came to know what it took to be a professional. “You don’t always know what there is to learn until you learn it. And then forever you continue to learn, continue to develop the skills that permit you to make correct choices quickly.”
As a young freelance photographer in Britain, Stephen worked on some major advertising campaigns, but then started doing magazine work as well. He found the assignments stimulating. “If magazines did boring stories, they would soon be out of business, so the work was almost always interesting"
At the time, the United States had the best magazines, and when Stephen moved to New York, he immediately started working for Sports Illustrated, which was one of his best clients for three decades. “It's a weekly, so there’s always plenty happening, with good editors and a great photo department. I appreciated that they were receptive to good story ideas from writers and photographers.”
He also did assignments for Fortune, Travel & Leisure, The Smithsonian, and some European magazines. For Good Housekeeping he photographed celebrities and celebrity homes. He worked for Life Magazine during the period when it was a monthly – some sports, some portraits, but mostly animals, both wild and domestic, birds, mammals and reptiles.
Advertising work in the United States has included assignments for agencies in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Dallas, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Honolulu.
This is a placeholder page for Andrea Pless, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Andrea Pless.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Andrea Pless. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Andrea Pless. We created this page automatically in hopes Andrea Pless would find it. If you are not Andrea Pless, but are an alumni of Stephenson High School Lithonia, GA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Stephenson High School	of Lithonia, Georgia
On my side of the family, our ancestral house is right there in Tagbilaran. Aside from my brothers and their families living in the City, my relatives from both my father’s and mother’s side are based in Bohol, mostly living in Tagbilaran, Valencia and Balilihan. My husband, on the other hand, also has relatives there from both his father’s and mother’s side. In fact, while I was growing up in Tagbilaran, my husband was growing up in Dimiao. But we only met each other in Mindanao, in Butuan City when we were both working already.
Our usual option in traveling to Bohol is flying to Cebu and then taking a fast craft to Tagbilaran. We have also tried sailing by boat from Nasipit to Jagna and then traveling by private car or bus to our house in Tagbilaran or to my husband’s place in Dimiao. It is good news for us then when there are more options to travel to Bohol 🙂
Beginning this year, flights have been made available from Cebu to Tagbilaran. I must say, however, that back in the 1980’s, there were flights on the same route but ultimately stopped as I think the preference then was really just to travel by boat. And even if it meant traveling by slow boat for 4 hours as the fast craft was not yet available then (they were introduced in the 1990’s). Aside from taking the slow boat back then as a kid, I remember taking a flight with my mother to Cebu from Tagbilaran. When I studied and worked in Cebu, aside from taking the slow boat, I eventually enjoyed taking the fast craft when it was introduced to Tagbilaran and Cebu waters.
Here are the available flights as of today, October 2017, Cebu-Tagbilaran flights are via Air Juan Aviation and Philippine Airlines PAL):
While there are regular boat schedules from Cagayan de Oro to Tagbilaran and back, there are now also flights from CDO (CGY) to Tagbilaran, via Cebu Pacific:
And the latest addition of flights to Tagbilaran are flights from Davao City to Tagbilaran City via PAL set to begin November 1, 2017. Once the exact flight times are available, they will be added here.
I must also include here that there are now flights from Tagbilaran to Seoul (Incheon), Korea via PAL:
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011
Artie Shaw was born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky in New York City, the son of immigrant parents. As a teenager, he took up saxophone, but quickly switched to clarinet.
Artie Shaw's signature song was 1938's cover of Cole Porter's "Begin the Beguine." Other popular hits by his big band included "Stardust", "Back Bay Shuffle", "Moonglow", "Rosalie" and "Frenesi".
He signed vocalist Billie Holiday in 1938, becoming the first white bandleader to hire a full-time black female singer. Due to hostility from audiences in the segregated southern US, she was forced to leave the band after recording "Any Old Time."
Hank Garland picked up a guitar at age 6. As a teenager, he played the Grand Ole Opry with Paul Howard's Georgia Cotton Pickers. In the early 1950's Hank Garland went on the road with Eddy Arnold. When he returned to Nashville, Garland continued his work in the studios recording with all the big names in rock and country at that time, including Elvis Presley, the Everly Brothers, Patsy Cline and many others.
Chicago bluesman Frank "Son" Seals has died from complications due to diabetes. He was 62. Seals helped redefine Chicago blues for a new audience in the 1970s. He was known for his intense, razor-sharp guitar work, gruff singing style and his charismatic stage presence.
Frank "Son" Seals was born in Osceola, Arkansas on August 14, 1942. He became an accomplished drummer by the time he was 13. By the age of 18, Son had put down the drumsticks and was leading his own band as a guitarist. He moved to Chicago in 1971 and began playing regular weekend gigs at The Expressway Lounge and other clubs on Chicago's South Side, regularly jamming with legends like Hound Dog Taylor, Junior Wells and Buddy Guy.
Son's 1973 debut recording, The Son Seals Blues Band, was released on the fledging Alligator Records label and made an immediate impression due to his distinctive vocal and guitar style. His recordings helped establish Alligator as a major blues label.
He toured widely, despite the loss of a leg to diabetes. Late in his career he opened several shows for the jam band Phish, who covered his song "Funky Bitch."
Heavy-metal guitarist Darrel 'Dimebag' Abbott was shot to death as he took the stage at the Alrosa Villa nightclub in Columbus, Ohio. Three other people were killed and seven more wounded in the tragic shooting.
Abbott, 38, and his brother, Vinnie Paul Abbott, formed Damageplan after the breakup of Pantera in 2003.
Damageplan's debut album, New Found Power, was released in February 2004. The other band members are Patrick Lachman (vocals) and Bob Zilla (Bass guitar).
Jerry Scoggins was the lead singer of the Cass County Boys, a country and western group who backed Gene Autry and Bing Crosby in the 1940s and 1950s.
In 1962, the singer was working as a stockbroker and singing only on weekends when he was asked to record a theme song for a television series pilot starring Buddy Ebsen. Jerry Scoggins sang "The Ballad of Jed Clampett", the theme song used to introduce episodes of the TV series and the movie "The Beverly Hillbillies." Bluegrass superstars Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs played guitar and banjo on the song while Scoggins sang the lyrics. The song was written by Paul Henning and goes like this:
Lotsa folks objected, but the banker found no fault, 'Cause ol' Jed's millions was a-layin' in the vault
Well now it's time to say goodbye to Jed and all his kin An' they would like to thank you folks fer kindly droppin' in.
Terry Melcher, son of actress Doris Day and her first husband, trombonist Al Jorden, has died after a long battle with cancer. Melcher was a pioneer of the California surf sound, and a founding member of the Rip Chords, who had a 1964 hit "Hey Little Cobra". He worked with the Beach Boys on their landmark Pet Sounds album, co-wrote their hit "Kokomo", and was later a record producer who helped bring the Byrds to fame. He produced their hit versions of "Mr. Tambourine Man" and "Turn, Turn, Turn" and later recordings like the "Ballad of Easy Rider."
Melcher was a tangential figure in the 1969 Charles Manson murders. He once rented the home where Sharon Tate was murdered. (The house on Cielo Drive, incidentally, was demolished in 1994 to make way for a larger mansion). There was speculation at the time that Mr. Melcher, who knew Charles Manson, was the intended target. He had turned down Manson's request for a recording contract.
During his career, Mr. Melcher worked with many trend-setting artists including Paul Revere and the Raiders, Ry Cooder, Taj Mahal, Glen Campbell, Gram Parsons and the Mamas and the Papas, among others.
Richard Terrence Knapp was an American radio personality, promoter, and singer/songwriter. In 1963, after changing his name to Terry Knight, he began a career as a Detroit area DJ. He hosted a legendary late-night show from high-powered Canadian station CKLW, becoming one of the first American DJs to air the Rolling Stones. He was awarded the honorary title of "The Sixth Stone" for his early support of the Stones.
Around 1965, Knight fashioned his songwriting and performing career in Flint, Michigan, as the front man for Terry Knight and the Pack. With his band, Knight recorded a handful of regional hits for Lucky 11 Records, including his self-penned generation gap anthem "A Change On The Way," as well as scoring two national hits, a tasteful cover of the Yardbirds "Mister, You're A Better Man Than I" and his ultra-lounge reading of Ben E. King's "I (Who Have Nothing)." TK&TP left behind two long-playing garage classics before breaking up in 1967. (Brownsville Station honored TK&TP with a cover of the Knight-penned "Love, Love, Love, Love, Love" on their '73 album Yeah!) In '67, Knight attempted a solo career as a singer and staff producer with the terminal Cameo-Parkway label, with limited success. He produced and wrote a handful of tracks by other artists, including garage legends ? & the Mysterians and the easy-listening International Pop Orchestra. He also scored music for the 20th Century Fox noir classic The Incident. In 1969, Knight secured a contract with Capitol Records where he released a 45, "Saint Paul," which contributed to the "Paul Is Dead" hoax. Although his version failed to rise above Billboard's Hot 100, the song provided New Zealand singer Shane the best-selling single of the 1960s in his native land.
In 1968, Mark Farner and Don Brewer, former members of Terry's band, formed Grand Funk Railroad. Capitol retained Knight as the manager and producer of the new band. Grand Funk Railroad became largest-selling rock band of 1970. Knight's Beatlesque production on their LP "Closer To Home" transformed the raucous concert attraction into an acclaimed recording group.
Knight also discovered and produced Bloodrock, who hit the Top 40 in 1971 with the unlikely death anthem "DOA."
Between 1970-72, Knight was the most successful (and controversial) promoter in the rock business, racking up an unprecedented eight gold albums while simultaneously waging a war of words with Rolling Stone. In 1972, both Grand Funk Railroad and Bloodrock severed their professional relations with Knight, the former quite acrimoniously. He was dropped from Capitol soon after, and began his own label, Brown Bag Records, releasing albums and singles by Mom's Apple Pie, John Hambrick, Wild Cherry and Faith. None of them found commercial success and, in late 1973, Knight retired permanently from show business. He associated with super model Twiggy and raced cars with film star Paul Newman in the mid-70s before succumbing to the cocaine addiction that claimed his later years.
Terry Knight was murdered at the age of 61, found stabbed to death in his apartment in Temple, Texas. On November 26, 2005, his killer, Donald A. Fair, was sentenced to life in prison. Terry's daughter, Danielle, survives him.
John Peel, the BBC disc jockey who was a champion of innovative and independent music for nearly four decades, suffered a fatal heart attack in his hotel room while on vacation in Cuzco, Peru. He was 65.
Born John Ravenscroft, Mr. Peel began his radio career in the early 1960's, working at a number of stations including WRR in Dallas. When he returned to England in 1967, he went to work for Radio London, a pirate station that broadcast from a ship outside British territorial waters.
Peel had been on the BBC's Radio 1 since its inception in 1967 and had a reputation for playing cutting-edge music from around the world. He was known for the extraordinary range of his taste in music and famed for his "Peel Sessions" broadcasts in which Mr. Peel invited groups into the studio for live performances.
Born in Canada in 1946, Palmer was an early collaborator with Neil Young, first in the Mynah Birds, a band that also featured Rick James, who died two months earlier. The group broke up after James was sent to prison for going AWOL from the military. Palmer and Young moved from Ontario to Los Angeles in the spring of 1966, making the journey in Young's black hearse. The pair soon joined forces with Stephen Stills, drummer Dewey Martin and singer/guitarist Richie Furay to form Buffalo Springfield. Hit songs included "For What It's Worth" and "Mr. Soul".
Palmer exited Buffalo Springfield in January 1968, in part due to Palmer's ongoing difficulties with U.S. immigration, which sought to deport him for a pair of marijuana-related convictions. He was replaced by Jim Messina, but the band split up shortly thereafter. He went on to release a 1971 solo album for Verve, The Cycle is Complete featuring Rick James on percussion and vocals.
Bruce Palmer and his bandmates in Buffalo Springfield were inducted into the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame in 1997.
Louis Satterfield was a session musician on bass and trombone player. He worked with a number of prominent blues and rock performers including B.B. King, Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Earth, Wind & Fire, and Phil Collins. He was also a bass teacher, most notably for Verdine White of Earth, Wind & Fire.
Grand Ole Opry star Skeeter Davis died September 19th, 2004 in Nashville after a long struggle with cancer. She was 72.
Davis, who was born Mary Frances Penick, was nicknamed Skeeter by her grandfather who said she was so active she buzzed around like a mosquito. In the 1950s, while still in high school, she teamed up with Betty Jack Davis (no relation) to form a musical duo. On Aug. 2, 1953, the Davis Sisters were involved in a head-on car crash that killed Betty Jack and seriously injured Skeeter. For a brief period, the duo continued with Betty Jack's sister, Georgia, substituting. The act never recovered its momentum and eventually Davis moved to Nashville to record for RCA as a solo act with Chet Atkins as her producer. She later toured with Elvis Presley and the Rolling Stones.
In 1973, she was suspended from the Opry for more than a year for protesting the arrest of "Jesus freaks" at a Nashville-area mall.
Izora Armstead and Martha Wash were back-up singers for the disco singer Sylvester. When their popularity grew, their manager decided to feature them as a separate act called "Two Tons O'Fun." The duo was later renamed "The Weather Girls", remembered for their 1984 hit "It's Raining Men." The song was co-written by Paul Schaffer (of late show with David Letterman fame).
Johnny Ramone, guitarist and original member of the Ramones, has died at his home in Los Angles. He was 55. Johnny had been suffering for several years from prostate cancer.
Born John Cummings, in 1974 he teamed with Joey Ramone, bassist Dee Dee Ramone and drummer Tommy Ramone to form the seminal punk band the Ramones. The band the group started out in legendary New York clubs like CBGB's and Max's Kansas City and went on to influence a generation of rockers. The Ramones were inducted into the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame in 2002.
Johnny Ramone was surrounded at his death by friends, including Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder, singer Rob Zombie and others. Other friends who gathered at his Los Angeles home included Lisa Marie Presley, Pete Yorn, Vincent Gallo and Talia Shire. Johnny was cremated at a private ceremony. A memorial statue of Joey was built in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery, near the gravesite of his former bandmate Dee Dee.
Joey Ramone, whose real name is Jeff Hyman, died in 2001 of lymphatic cancer. Dee Dee Ramone, whose real name is Douglas Colvin, died from a drug overdose in 2002.
Session drummer Kenny Buttrey has died at age 59. He recorded hits with Bob Dylan, Neil Young and Jimmy Buffett. Buttrey provided the percussion for works including Dylan's Nashville Skyline and Blonde on Blonde, Neil Young's Harvest and Buffett's Changes in Latitudes, Changes in Attitudes.
James Eddie Lewis was an American soul singer, songwriter, arranger and producer. He was a member of the Drifters in the 1960s, worked as a songwriter and producer with Ray Charles and wrote songs for Z. Z. Hill among many others.
Michael Connor was a member of Pure Prairie League. He joined them in 1972 on piano, in time to be included in the group's second album Bustin' Out. The album included the band's biggest hit, Amie.
Raful Neal was a blues singer, harmonicist and songwriter from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Neal began playing the harmonica at age 14. He played with Buddy Guy in a band called the Clouds.
Several of his children are blues musicians. His daughter Jackie Neal was a blues singer who was shot and killed in 2005. His son Kenny Neal tours with his brothers, Frederick, Darnell, and Graylon.
Carl Wayne, born Colin David Tooley in Birmingham, England, was best known as the lead vocalist for the 1960s rock group The Move. Wayne also made a few recordings with the Electric Light Orchestra as guest vocalist, and joined the Hollies in 2000 after the retirement of lead vocalist Allan Clarke.
Laura Branigan, a pop singer best known for her 1982 platinum hit "Gloria," has died. She was 52. Branigan died in her sleep in her New York home of an apparent brain aneurysm.
"Gloria," from her debut album Branigan, stayed on the pop charts for 36 weeks and earned her a Grammy nomination for best female pop vocalist. She also appeared on television, including guest spots on "CHIPS," and in the films "Mugsy’s Girls" and "Backstage." Her songs appeared on soundtracks for the films "Flashdance" and "Ghostbusters." In 2002 she starred as Janis Joplin in the off-Broadway musical "Love, Janis".
Al Dvorin, a concert announcer who made famous the phrase "Elvis has left the building," was killed in an auto accident in California. He was 81.
The night before his death, Dvorin performed his signature closing line at an Elvis impersonator concert. A former bandleader and talent agent in Chicago, Dvorin was with the King from his early days as a performer until Elvis' last tour in 1977.
Jak Airport (born Jack Stafford), was a punk rock guitarist and songwriter with the X-Ray Spex, signed to EMI in 1977. He later worked for the BBC's public relations department.
Paulette was the vocalist for the San Diego hard-rock band, The Abuse. The band was enjoying some success on the scene and had opened a show for Korn.
Paulette and a few friends were having a party and a few beers at her apartment on the 4200 block of Voltaire Street in Ocean Beach on the night of Friday, Aug. 6. As three of her new friends were leaving Paulette's apartment around 4 a.m. Saturday morning, a steak fell from the jacket of one of the men. He had stolen the steak from Paulette's freezer. Paulette confronted the man, but he brandished a gun and attempted to rob everyone, ordering them to hand over their wallets and valuables. Paulette refused to comply. Instead, she grabbed the man's hand, pulling it, with gun, to her own head. She attempted to call his bluff. Startled, the man pulled the gun away, and fired one shot. The bullet penetrated Paulette's heart, killing her instantly.
The shooter, it was later learned, fled to Rosarito, Mexico. He wasn't hard to identify; witnesses reported the name 'Snoopy' tattooed on the left side of his neck. He was identified as Samuel Horn, a 21-year old black man. In his trial, he was convicted of the shooting and sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Funk legend Rick James, best known for the 1981 hit "Super Freak", died alone in his sleep at his California home. He was 56.
In the 1960's, long before James' long hair was styled in his trademark Jheri Curls, he formed the band Mynah Birds with Neil Young, Goldie McJohn (later of Steppenwolf) and Bruce Palmer (later of Buffalo Springfield). Rick James was also the cousin of Temptations member Melvin Franklin.
James had success in the 70's and 80's, but drugs and declining health slowed his career. In 1991, he and his girlfriend restrained and attacked a young woman, burning her with a hot crack pipe and forcing her to perform sex acts. In 1992, he was free on bail when a second assault occurred in a hotel room. James spent two years in Folsom Prison.
Ray Charles (born Ray Charles Robinson) was an American musician known for fusing rhythm & blues, gospel, and blues styles. His merger of these musical forms helped develop soul music as a new form of black popular music.
Charles was born in Albany Georgia, the son of Aretha Williams, a share cropper, and Bailey Robinson, a railroad repair man, mechanic and handyman. When Ray was an infant the family moved South to the poor black community of Greenville, Florida.
Charles started to lose his sight at the age of five. He went completely blind by the age of seven. He attended school at the School for the Deaf and the Blind in St. Augustine, Florida from 1937 to 1945, where he developed his musical gift and learned to play the alto saxophone, clarinet, trumpet, and organ.
In 1947, Ray used his savings to move to Seattle and soon started recording. He dropped his surname to avoid confusion with the boxer Sugar Ray Robinson. In 1953, Ahmet Ertegun signed him to Atlantic Records. Almost immediately after signing with Atlantic, Charles scored his first hit singles. "It Should Have Been Me" and "Don't You Know" both made the charts in 1954, but it was "I Got A Woman" (composed with band mate Renald Richard) that brought him to national prominence.
In 1959, Charles crossed over to Top 30 radio with the release "What'd I Say", which derived from the call-and-response conceived while Charles was in concert. Charles would also record The Genius of Ray Charles, before leaving Atlantic for a more lucrative deal with ABC Records in 1960.
Hit songs such as "Georgia On My Mind", "Hit the Road Jack", "One Mint Julep" and "Unchain My Heart" helped his transition to pop success, and his landmark 1962 album, Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music and its sequel, helped to bring country into the mainstream of music.
In 1965, Charles was arrested for possession of heroin, a drug to which he had been addicted for nearly 20 years. His rehabilitation from heroin addiction slowed his output as a musician. After taking a break for a year, he returned in 1966 with "Let's Go Get Stoned." He began to focus more on pop and show tunes, often adding lush string arrangements.
In the 1990s, he sang in several ads for Diet Pepsi, crooning "You Got the Right One, Baby, Uh-huh!" He was also featured in USA for Africa's 1985 hit, "We Are the World."
Ray Charles died on June 10, 2004 at 11:35 AM of liver cancer at his home in Beverly Hills, California, surrounded by family and friends. His body was interred in the Inglewood Park Cemetery in Inglewood, California.
A few months after his death, his final album Genius Loves Company was released as was biopic Ray, an October 2004 film which portrays his life and career between 1930 and 1966 and stars Jamie Foxx as Charles. Foxx won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Actor for the role.
This list of official honors given to Ray Charles is truly impressive: He won 17 Grammy Awards in his career (including five posthumously). Ray's version of "Georgia On My Mind" was declared to be the official state song of Georgia (The song was later used as the theme song for the hit television series Designing Women). In 1981, he was given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and was one of the first inductees to the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame at its inaugural ceremony in 1986. He was recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors. In 2007, his birthplace, Albany Georgia, honored Ray with a revolving, lighted bronze sculpture of his likeness seated at a piano.
Alistair Taylor was hired by Brian Epstein as his personal assistant and worked with Brain at his NEMS record shop. Taylor went with Epstein to Liverpool's Cavern Club on November 9, 1961, when both saw their first Beatles performance. Taylor thought the group "absolutely awful", but that there was something "remarkable" about them. Epstein loved the group and soon offered to be their manager.
Alistair Taylor was known as the Beatles' Mr Fix-it for his ability to find solutions to the band's needs. Some of his tasks included: buying cigarettes; hiring limousines; devising escapes from Beatles' fans after their performances; organizing holiday trips; acting as consultant to John Lennon for the purchase of Dornish Island (Ireland) for £1,550; being the middle-man in the purchase of High Park, the Scottish farm, for Paul, Jane, and Martha; renting the Magical Mystery Tour bus; resolving the copyright issues around the photographs of famous faces on Peter Blake's cover for Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and arranging the money exchange of the unsuccessful buying of the Greek island of Leslo (July 1967).
Taylor was General Manager of Apple Corps for a short period, but was fired when Allen Klein was brought in to help straighten out Apple's out of control spending. Taylor also briefly managed the Moody Blues.
In later years, he was a frequent speaker at Beatles conventions. His stage show, From Cavern to Rooftop, was the first Beatle-related event to be staged in the Paul McCartney Auditorium at the Liverpool Institute of Performing Arts. In 2001, he wrote a book A Secret History and also made contributions to George Gunby's official biography Hello Goodbye: the story of Mr Fixit.
Punk rock guitarist heavily influenced by the Velvet Underground, often making bootleg recordings of their San Francisco concerts.
Robert Quine (rhymes with "wine") performed with Richard Hell & the Voidoids, and was in demand as a session player. His guitar work also appears on Lou Reed's "Blue Mask" (1982), Tom Waits' "Rain Dogs" (1985) and Marianne Faithfull's "Strange Weather" (1987). In 1989, he began an association with Matthew Sweet; he also worked regularly with Lloyd Cole.
Robert died of a heroin overdose in his New York apartment. He was depressed about the recent passing of his wife. He was 61.
Innovative jazz drummer Elvin Jones, noted for his rhythmic style, has died from Heart Failure at age 75.
Jones, the youngest of ten children, was born in Pontiac Michigan on September 9th, 1927. He entered Detroit's jazz scene in the 1940's. After moving to New York and recording for Charles Mingus, in 1960, he became a member of John Coltrane's quartet. Jones briefly played with Duke Ellington and formed the Elvin Jones' Jazz Machine.
Elvin Jones was a favorite of Doors drummer John Densmore, who eulogized him in the November 2004 issue of "Utne Reader".
John Whitehead was one of the key members of the Philadelphia International record label, and was one-half of the successful team of McFadden & Whitehead. Gene McFadden & Whitehead wrote many hits such as "Backstabbers" for the O'Jays and "I'll Always Love My Mama" for The Intruders and "Bad Lock" and "Wake Up Everybody" for Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes. In 1979, McFadden & Whitehead had an international hit with "Ain't No Stopping Us Now", helping them earn a Grammy nomination.
On the evening of May 11, 2004, John Whitehead was murdered by two unknown gunmen while fixing his car on the street outside his Philadelphia home. The murder remains unsolved.
Clint Warwick was the original bassist for the Moody Blues. He left the band in 1966 after appearing on their first album The Magnificent Moodies, returning to his work as a carpenter.
Barney Kessel was an influential jazz guitarist and, later in his career, one of the most in-demand session players.
Born in Muskogee, Oklahoma, he was playing guitar by age 16, performing with local blues bands and with the University of Oklahoma Dance Band.
In 1942, he moved to Los Angeles and quickly established himself. He began playing with Chico Marx and recorded with Charlie Ventura, Roy Eldridge and Artie Shaw.
In 1944, Kessel appeared with several prominent jazz musicians in the film "Jammin' The Blues." He was the only white performer in the film. To disguise this, he was seated in the shadows and his hands were stained with berry juice!
In the early 1950s, he was a member of the Oscar Peterson Trio with Ray Brown. He went on to play with Sonny Rollins.
Kessel was a member of "The Wrecking Crew" a group of Los Angeles session musicians who earned fame in the 1960s. He played on hundreds of recordings including works by Phil Spector, The Beach Boys, The Monkees and others.
Ray Condo, a popular Canadian rockabilly singer, died on April 15 from an apparent heart attack. He was 53. Born Ray Tremblay, Condo was raised on the music of Elvis Presley and Hank Williams. At 16, he released his first album as a member of the British Invasion group, the Peasants. He performed with the punk band, The Secret Vs, before finding his niche in rockabilly and western swing music.
Condo spent 11 years playing with the hillbilly garage band, Ray Condo & His Hardrock Goners. The group became a staple in Montreal clubs, and was known as Canada's premier rockabilly act.
In the 1990s, the singer, guitarist and saxophone player moved to Vancouver and formed Ray Condo & The Ricochets. The Ricochets released several albums and toured all over the world.
Ritchie Cordell (born Richard Joel Rosenblatt) authored a string of '60s pop hits, including "Mony Mony" and "I Think We're Alone Now" for Tommy James & the Shondells. He penned "Indian Giver" for the 1910 Fruitgum Company and "Gimme Gimme Good Lovin'" for Crazy Elephant. He produced Joan Jett's debut album Bad Reputation and her No. 1 1982 hit "I Love Rock 'N Roll," Bow Wow Wow's "I Want Candy" and the Ramones' "Subterranean Jungle."
Niki Sullivan met Buddy Holly during a Lubbock, Texas jam session in the summer of 1956. Buddy was impressed and invited Niki to be the rhythm guitar player and backing vocalist for Buddy Holly & The Crickets. Sullivan left the Crickets at the end of 1957 and eventually left the music industry, taking a job at Sony.
Paul Atkinson, founding member and guitarist for The Zombies, has died after losing his long battle with liver and kidney disease. He was 58.
The Zombies recorded their psychedelic masterpiece, Odessey and Oracle, in 1967 -- then broke up. Al Kooper (ex-Blood, Sweat & Tears), urged Columbia records to release the LP, which went on to produce a huge hit with "Time of the Season".
After The Zombies, Atkinson stopped performing and took on a career as an A&R man. In that role, he went on to sign bands including ABBA, Judas Priest, Mr. Mister and Bruce Hornsby.
Jan Berry, founding member of the duo Jan & Dean that had 10 gold records with 1960s surf-music hits such as "Deadman’s Curve" and "Little Old Lady from Pasadena," has died. He was 62.
Berry’s hit-making career with high school friend Dean Torrence was interrupted in 1966 when Berry’s speeding Corvette hit a parked truck and he suffered severe brain damage, leaving him partially paralyzed and unable to talk.
His recovery was slow, but eventually he was able to resume singing and writing songs. He died at UCLA Medical center after he had a seizure and stopped breathing at his Brentwood home.
John 'J.J.' Jackson, who helped usher in the music video era as one of the first MTV on-air personalities, has died. He was 62. Jackson, a longtime radio station disc jockey, died of an apparent heart attack while driving home from dinner in Los Angeles.
After five years at MTV, Jackson returned to radio in Los Angeles, including a stint hosting a nationally syndicated show on the Westwood One Radio Network. Most recently, he was hosting an afternoon slot at KTWV.
Edmund Sylvers, the lead singer on "Boogie Fever" and "Wish That I Could Talk To You" for the 1970s funk-soul group The Sylvers, died March 11 of lung cancer. He was 47. The singer died after a 10-month illness, according to his niece, Tyava Sylvers.
Sylvers was 15 when he started singing with six other members of his family on their self-titled debut album in 1972. His high tenor voice was the centerpiece of such songs as "Fool's Paradise." From five albums, other songs by the group included "Cotton Candy," "That's What Love Is Made Of" and "High School Dance." Sylvers made a solo album, "Have You Heard," in 1980 that included the single "That Burning Love."
Dave Blood, bassist for '80s punk band the Dead Milkmen, has committed suicide. Blood's mother died in January 2004, and in a post on the band's message board, the bassist's sister wrote, "Inner peace seemed to elude him for the last many years. Maybe David just had had enough."
Blood was a founding member of the band, which formed in 1983 and made a name for itself with novelty hits like "Bitchin' Camaro" and "Punk Rock Girl." The Dead Milkmen broke up in 1995. In recent years, Dave had stopped playing bass due to extreme tendonitis in his hands. In the mid-1990s, he enrolled at Indiana University to study Yugoslavian culture, and spent nearly a year in the country between August 1998 and April 1999. In an E-mail interview late last year with journalist Mark Prindle, he expressed interest in returning to the country in the near future.
John McGeoch was a Scottish guitarist active in the British new-wave scene. He played with Magazine, Visage, The Armoury Show, Public Image Limited and Siouxsie & The Banshees. He played guitar on the Banshees albums Kaleidoscope (1980), Juju (1981), and A Kiss in the Dreamhouse (1982). McGeoch joined Public Image Ltd. in 1986 and appears on their albums Happy?, 9 and That What Is Not.
In 1995, John left the music industry and retrained as a nurse. He reportedly died in his sleep due to an unknown illness.
Bob Greenlee, founder of independent blues label King Snake Records, died at his home after a 2-year battle with cancer. During the 80's and 90's, Greenlee helped revitalize the careers of talented, often overlooked musicians like Rufus Thomas, Lazy Lester, Lucky Peterson, Kenny Neal, Bill Wharton, Ace Moreland, Floyd Miles, Dr. Hector & the Groove Injectors, harmonica master Raful Neal and saxophonist Noble 'Thin Man' Watts.
Greenlee attended law school at Yale, where he was captain of the Yale football team. He also was a fourth-round draft pick of the Miami Dolphins in 1967. Music, however, overwhelmed the lure of these other careers.
Greenlee made his first national splash as bassist with the outrageous Root Boy Slim & the Sex Change Band. He later played bass in the Central Florida blues band the Midnight Creepers.
Cornelius Bumpus was saxophonist for Doobie Brothers and Steely Dan. He also played with Moby Grape and Box Scaggs in the 1970s. He died of heart failure while on a flight from New York to Los Angeles.
Dines was recruited as the keyboard player for Marc Bolan's T. Rex and played with him from 1974 until Bolan's death in 1977. He also played sessions with bands such as PP Arnold, The Hollies and The Beach Boys.
Please review the following terms. They inform you of your rights and responsibilities, and protect you, your school and School Loop
Welcome! School Loop, Inc. ("School Loop" or "us" or "we") welcomes you to our website (the "School Loop Site").
We provide several services. Our website system is used to create publicly accessible web pages. School Loop Plus is a school-to-home communication and collaboration service that helps teachers, students, school staff, and parents share information about student homework assignments, grades, and other school-related information. We refer to our online applications and our website together as the "Service," and all the different types of people who have accounts on the services as "Users."
By using or accessing any part of the Service, you are agreeing to these Terms of Service and all other policies or notices posted by us on our website.
If you don't agree to these Terms of Service, please don't use the Service. We can change these Terms of Service at any time. If we make any changes, we will note that changes to the Terms of Service have been made in the "news" that we publish as part of the Service. Thereafter, it will be your responsibility to review the new Terms of Service to see if you agree with the new terms as it creates a binding legal agreement between you and School Loop. If you use the Service after we've changed any of the Terms of Service, you are agreeing to all of the changes. Again, if you do not agree, please don't use the Service.
you have the permission of your school or school district to do so (each school or district sets its own policies on use of the Service, so you should ask your school about the conditions for becoming a user of the Service and whether any approval is required for special rights, like viewing grades);
you are using the Service for your own personal school-related purposes and not for commercial purposes;
You will need an account in order to use the Service. You may not use someone else's account without permission. When you are setting up your account, you must give us accurate and complete information. This means that you cannot set up an account using someone else's name or contact information, or a phony name or phony contact information. You have complete responsibility for your account and everything that happens on your account. This means you need to be careful with your password. If you find out that someone is using your account without your permission, you must let us know immediately. We are not liable for any damages or losses caused by someone using your account without your permission. If you are not an employee of a school district, and we (or anyone else) suffer any damage due to the unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable. If you are an employee of a school district, your personal liability is the same as with any other school-related activity. That liability is defined by your district. We can terminate your account at any time without notice to you.
We are making the Service available to you for your information and your personal school-related use only. You may not (and you agree not to) use, copy, distribute, transmit, broadcast, sell, or do anything else with the Service for any other purpose.
If you are a student or a parent, you may electronically copy and print, in hard copy form, information made available by the Service for the sole purpose of reviewing your (or your child's) personal school data, school notices, school homework assignments, or any other documents posted to the Service for your use. Any other use of materials on this Service, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or re-publication, without the prior written permission of School Loop or the applicable teacher or school administrator is strictly prohibited.
You are solely responsible for any User Content you post to the Service, and the consequences of posting or publishing it. By "User Content", we mean any Content you post to the Service. "Content" means information, data, text, graphics, messages, interactive features, grade data, absence data, or any other materials. Examples of User Content are teaching materials prepared by teachers, homework turned in by students, and e-mail messages among students, teachers, parents, and school administrators. These are just a few examples and are not meant to limit what we mean by User Content. When we say "post", we include posting, uploading, sharing, submitting or otherwise providing User Content in any manner in connection with the Service.
If you post User Content, you are making a guarantee to us that you either own all the Content you are posting, or you have the right to post the Content. Furthermore, you are guaranteeing that you have the right to allow us to make your User Content available for others to view and use as part of the Service (subject to the privacy restrictions in the Service). If you do not have these rights, do not post the Content. By posting your User Content, you do not lose any ownership rights you may have to it. However, you do grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform your User Content only in connection with the Service.
This grant includes the right to aggregate your User Content with other User Content for the purpose of compiling information regarding users of the Service as a whole.? For example, the Service may include a search engine that returns search results based on the number of times that teachers and administrators have posted links to these sites in the Service.? In order to provide this search engine, School Loop must aggregate information regarding the links that teachers and administrators have posted and the context in which the links were posted (such as assignments, courses, grade level, etc.).? In aggregating this information, unless you permit us to identify you, School Loop will remove any personally identifying information, such as who posted the link.
You also grant each user of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Service and to use, copy, print, distribute, display and perform your User Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service (subject to the privacy restrictions in the Service and any copyright notices you include in your User Content) and under these Terms of Service. Once you remove your User Content from the Service (which you have the right to do at any time), these licenses will no longer apply. The only exception is that if someone made or distributed a copy of your User Content while it was still on the Service, that person will still be allowed to use the copy.
Some users of the Service may use the Service to host forums for online discussion or message posting about issues important to your community or school. The organizer of the forum will determine how these online forums are used. These are public forums, and information that users post may be available to other members of the school community, and in some cases even other schools or on the Internet. Your individual school will decide how it wishes to use online discussion and message boards.
In addition, the Service allows your individual district or school to make certain information that you post available on the internet. Your individual district or school will decide what kinds of information to make public on the Internet, but this information may include information posted by teachers about their course descriptions, syllabi, and assignments, as well as general information about the school, school news and school events. Your individual school or school district is responsible for ensuring that its decision regarding the information it makes available on the Internet is consistent with its own privacy policies and applicable law.
If you are a parent, you agree that the practices described in this Section 6 are acceptable to you, as well as to any of your children that use the Service. If you are a teacher, you agree that the practices described in this Section 6 are acceptable to you as well as any of your students that use the Service.
use our Service to harm minors in any way, including posting User Content that violates child pornography laws, child sexual exploitation laws, or any other laws protecting children;
submit User Content that you don't have the right to submit, unless you have the owner's permission; this includes someone else's private information (such as passwords, home addresses, personal phone numbers), as well as material covered by someone else's copyright, trade secret, privacy, publicity, or any other proprietary right;
submit any User Content that contains lies, falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage us or anyone else;
submit User Content that is illegal, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate;
upload, launch, post, email or transmit any material (including any bot, worm, scripting exploit or computer virus) that is likely to harm or corrupt our Service, or harm or corrupt our or anyone else's computer systems, or data;
collect or gather other people's personal information (including account information) from our Service;
We have the sole right, but not necessarily the obligation, to delete at any time any User Content that violates these rules or that we believe to be inappropriate for any reason. Furthermore, if you violate any of these rules, we may terminate your account and access to the Service and take any other action against you that we think is necessary.
We generally do not review any of the User Content posted by our users. We do not endorse any User Content or support any views, opinions, recommendations, or advice that may be in user submissions. User Content comes from a variety of sources, and we make no promises about the reliability of any source or the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of any user submission. You may be offended by User Content that you see on the Service. You may find some of it to be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. However, you agree not to hold us responsible in any way for your use of our Service, including your exposure to User Content.
School Loop and its suppliers retain all right, title and interest (including all copyright, trade secret, patent and other rights) in and to the Service (including its interface and any underlying software or technology) and Content which is included in the Service (other than User Content). We reserve all rights in and to the Service unless we expressly state otherwise. The Service contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws.
The Service may include text, images, and other Content of School Loop or third-parties ("Licensed Content") which you are permitted to use in connection with the Service; you may use such Licensed Content only in connection with use of the Service and only as expressly permitted and you may not otherwise remove, copy, use or distribute any such Licensed Content apart from the Service.
You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Service to a human-perceivable form, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. You may not modify, sell, rent, lend, lease, transfer, resell for profit, distribute or create derivative works based upon the Service.
All brand, product and service names used in the Service which identify School Loop or its suppliers and their proprietary products and services are the trademarks or service marks of School Loop or its suppliers. Nothing in this Service shall be deemed to confer on any person any license or right on the part of School Loop or such supplier with respect to any such image, logo or name.
If you download or share a copy of anything on or created using the Service, you must not delete, erase, or remove any logos or notices (such as copyright notices) that are on the item you download. You also understand that certain items may not be reprinted without the permission of the author. Similarly, you agree not to disable, interfere, or try to get around any of the features of the Service related to security, preventing or restricting use or copying of any Content, or enforcing the limits on the use of the Service or the Content on the Service.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. You may not use our Service to infringe anyone else's copyright or other intellectual property right. If we find out that you are infringing, we will remove your User Content. We do not have to give you notice that we are removing your User Content. We may also terminate your account if we decide that you are a repeat infringer. We consider a repeat infringer to be a user who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice or who has had User Content removed from our Service more than twice.
If you believe that something on our Service violates your copyright, notify our copyright agent in writing. The contact information for our copyright agent is at the bottom of this section.
identify the item on our Service that you think is infringing your work and include sufficient information about where the material is located on our Service (including which website) so that we can find it;
provide a statement that you believe in good faith that the item you have identified as infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law to be used on our Service; and
provide a statement that the information you provide in your notice is accurate, and that (under penalty of perjury), you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner whose work is being infringed.
Only notices about copyright infringement should go to our copyright enforcement department. If you have anything else to communicate with us (like feedback, comments, requests for technical support), you should contact us through our customer service department at help@schoolloop.com.
School Loop offers "digital lockers" as part of the Service. We will store the information you place in your locker for as long as you have a valid account and meet the requirements for using the Service as determined by your school. Thereafter, we will remove the contents from your digital locker. For example, if you are a teacher and you leave your employment with your school, you will lose your locker contents. Similarly, if you are a student and you no longer have a schedule assigned to you while school is in session, you will lose your contents. Please note that even though we make digital lockers available to you, you are solely responsible for keeping back-ups of everything you post on our Service. Note, if you are connected to Google Drive via your School Loop locker – your Drive content will not be affected if your School Loop account is no longer active.
Please be aware that the Service and all User Content may be subject to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99). FERPA is a Federal law that applies to student education records. Here is a very brief summary of the key elements of FERPA, as excerpted from the U.S. Department of Education website:
FERPA gives parents certain rights with respect to their children's education records. These rights transfer to the student when he or she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Students to whom the rights have transferred are "eligible students."
Parents or eligible students have the right to inspect and review the student's education records maintained by the school. Schools are not required to provide copies of records unless, for reasons such as great distance, it is impossible for parents or eligible students to review the records. Schools may charge a fee for copies.
Parents or eligible students have the right to request that a school correct records which they believe to be inaccurate or misleading. If the school decides not to amend the record, the parent or eligible student then has the right to a formal hearing. After the hearing, if the school still decides not to amend the record, the parent or eligible student has the right to place a statement with the record setting forth his or her view about the contested information.
Generally, schools must have written permission from the parent or eligible student in order to release any information from a student's education record. However, FERPA allows schools to disclose those records, without consent, to the following parties or under the following conditions (34 CFR 99.31):
Schools may disclose, without consent, "directory" information such as a student's name, address, telephone number, date and place of birth, honors and awards, and dates of attendance. However, schools must tell parents and eligible students about directory information and allow parents and eligible students a reasonable amount of time to request that the school not disclose directory information about them. For example, a student given publishing rights by a webmaster at a school may publish news and events to the school website. Those items display the student's name as the publisher of the item on the site. Schools must notify parents and eligible students annually of their rights under FERPA. The actual means of notification (special letter, inclusion in a PTA bulletin, student handbook, or newspaper article) is left to the discretion of each school.
Our Service may contain links to other websites that we don't own or control. We are not responsible for any of these other websites. You will not hold us responsible for any aspect of these other websites, including their content, privacy policies, or anything else. You may be exposed to things on other websites that you don't like or that you find offensive. We are not responsible for this, either. You must use your own discretion when you go to other websites. You should also read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of these other websites.
Use of the Service is at your own risk. The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. School Loop and its affiliates, suppliers and partners expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Any materials downloaded or otherwise obtained through use of the service are provided at your own discretion and risk, and School Loop shall not be responsible for any damage caused to your computer or data or for any bugs, viruses, trojan horses or other destructive code resulting from use of the Service.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. You may also have other legal rights, which vary from state to state.
To the fullest extent permitted under law, School Loop and its affiliates, suppliers and partners have no obligation or liability (whether arising in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise) for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages or liabilities (including, but not limited to, any loss of data, revenue or profit) arising from or related to your use of the Service or any content provided by or through the Service, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages in advance. This foregoing limitation applies to damages arising from:
Some states do not allow the limitation or exclusion of incidental, consequential or other types of damages, so some of the above limitations may not apply to you.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless School Loop and its affiliates, suppliers, partners, officers, agents, and employees from and against any claim, demand, losses, damages or expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) arising from your violation of these Terms of Service, your violation of any rights of any third-party or arising solely from your negligence or willful misconduct. Your indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Service.
We may terminate your permission to use the Service immediately and without notice upon any violation of these Terms of Service, your failure to pay any fees (if applicable) when due, upon the request of law enforcement or government agencies, for extended periods of inactivity, for unexpected technical issues or problems or for engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities. If we terminate your use of the Service for any of these reasons or otherwise for cause, we will not refund any fees you may have paid (including any fees you have pre-paid for ongoing use of the Service).
We may terminate or suspend the Service or any part of the Service or your use of the Service, at any time without cause without any liability to you. We may also report any violation of these Terms of Service, including any violation with respect to User Content, to your school and remove any of your User Content as directed by your school, without any liability to you. If we terminate your use of the Service without cause, we will provide a pro-rata refund for any period of the Services for which you paid fees in advance but which you will not be able to use due to the termination.
Upon any termination we may delete your account, passwords and User Content and bar you from further use of the Service. You agree that we will have no liability to you or any third party for termination of your account, User Content or access to the Service.
These Terms of Service are governed by laws of the state of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. The sole jurisdiction and venue for any claim arising from the Service and these Terms of Service shall be the state and federal courts located in, or serving, San Mateo County, California and each party hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts. These Terms of Service, together with any other legal notices we have published on the Service, constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding this Service. If a court having proper authority decides that any portion of these Terms of Service is invalid, only the part that is invalid will not apply. The rest of these Terms of Service will still be in effect. If we waive any of our rights under these Terms and Conditions in any particular instance, it does not mean that we are waiving our rights generally or in the future. Furthermore, just because we may not enforce all our rights all of the time, it does not mean that we are waiving our rights. We may decide to enforce them at a later date. These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted under these Terms of Service, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction.
You agree that if you want to sue us, you must file your lawsuit within 1 year after the event that gave rise to your lawsuit. Otherwise, your lawsuit will be permanently barred.
This content image (Refinishing Wood Doors Interior Marvelous Front Doors Rick S Door Refinishing normcookson) within our website are images that we take from (normcookson.com) that we believe as “public domain”. Published in this web by Orville J. Taylor in 2017-04-30 14:26:22. Now just about all articles and other content designs most of us exhibit unadulterated as a way to dietary supplement intel over the graphic we now downloaded very little goal so as to i actually sell-buy, in violation of copyright and / or intellectual property lawful rights, along with real productive. For those of you who feel as the legitimate owners of this image (Refinishing Wood Doors Interior Marvelous Front Doors Rick S Door Refinishing normcookson) we display and didn’t want us displaying image valid belongs to you, please contact us through the Contact page and send us an email to follow up, be it delete images belong to you, or maybe you’ll give us maturity date where we can display content images. All content images that we display we only use properly without any intention of us to gain financially from one image or as a whole.
Bbw pics of bbw sex free by amateur nude bbws free bbw pics include nude bbw, bbw sex, fatties, big butt girls, bubble butts, obese ssbbw, fat hot naked nude plumpers. Backpage seizure. Login to bellevue university as a student to cyber-active online classroom, bruin, and library databases employee logins, technical assistance and general information.
Free bbw personal ads by bbws and bbw lovers bbw personals welcome to the brand new bbwsex4u bbw personals section. Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events. Milf - porn video playlist on pornhubcom this xxx sex collection created by bsm3370 contains milf videos.
Watch and download deneeroo hot porn deneeroo movie and download to phone. Bbw dating sites reviews – get expert reviews of bbw dating sites that are considered as best in 2018 it makes easier for people seeking a big beautiful woman. Bbw chat city is where you can meet attractive, big and beautiful women who are open to chatting till dawn become a member and talk with these lovely plus ladies, bbw chat city. Welcome to glamour girls, the home of the very finest adult services in south africa a site dedicated to providing advertising for all adult entertainment including escorts, models, strippers, masseurs and personals. Bekijk chloe sevigny - brown bunny op xhamstercom xhamster is de beste sekshit voor gratis porno.
Gorgeous bbw singles are waiting to meet you for romance, friendship, and love if you like your women on the big and beautiful side, then you'll fit right in at bbw singles so join now, bbw singles. Watch live cams now no registration required - 100% free uncensored adult chat start chatting with amateurs, exhibitionists, pornstars w/ hd video & audio. Nowadays dating become quick, easy and simple find you partner at our site as soon as you get a chance, be lucky in no time - bbw personals plus.
Before we moved to Tennessee and just before Mother’s Day, Navy and I had some ‘Mommy and Me’ photos taken on the beautiful grounds of Eden Gardens State Park. We recently got them back and loved them so much that we just had to share few! I’d love to be able to do this every year and have a sort of time lapse album. Photography is by Tay Gray Photography. If you are ever in the Pensacola/Destin area, you should check her out! She’s sweet, professional, and will make sure you get great photos. This gal knows what she’s doing!
I'm Annie, momma to Little Miss Navy. Florida girl living on the Emerald Coast. Lover of sweets, coffee, and sunshine -- and the occasional margarita.
Hey thank you so much Guys for clicking on this video in this video You will learn Two Things Number One the band that Happened From China and All The roller-coaster ride That We are seeing right Now and also What are the recent news regarding that and Secondly You're gonna find Out more Good news That Happen in last Two Days and we Try to evaluate What's going on in the Market and how we can See the feature of this Cryptocurrency so please Enjoy This video hope You like It thank you Hello amazing People hope you Guys are doing Great today i know there's Bloodshed Everywhere Where china then is talking about the price of Going down There's so much Rumors so much news coming on and it's Very Hard to keep track so Today we're not gonna discuss about how the Market is evolving Today we're gonna talk about all The recent news Related to cryptocurrencies That we Can Know on one platform That's my Channel so please subscribe It and we Will start right Now all right So let's discuss What's going on in the Market capitalization Web side Which coin Market Cap Everything Is in Red i Mean Everything Bitcoin The Market Capacity Is Going down et Reom Damn it's 26 now from all the Way from Tori's to 77 so we know everything Will go down slowly And Right Now we don't Know When it's gonna come back Up we will find out figure it out When we Have some news What? Happened and why here is the reason so High cusine Was the first one to report on the ico band before the official document came Out Bitcoin price Drop After The report today That's is the reason Why we are seeing this issue so By The Way i do go on to that a Lot nowadays now i've Joined it so please follow me at sure be world and So that are gonna keep posting Good Information for You Guys and We Will continue Grow Together alright so What Happened on twitter is this China Bad Bitcoin Exchanges You remember That This news came in because of This news That i co Was Bad So What Happened in according to the recent notice from the china public bank of China and Requests from Various government offices balance One of The Exchanges Where they operate ico Token They were asked to close so they Mention Sunday Morning Today As for the chinese time that in accordance with the recent notice from the china public bank of China Requests From Various Government offices Balance Will Make The following Adjustments or request from Their respective core team We Will Suspend trading and Deposit service of the following Tokens at Cc ll te Lc B Tm Yoyo Withdraw Will continue to work ht will announce to refund Plan of The tokens so this is the news that we have last? Monday That Now those Exchanges Where isis you took an are the main operation Are going to close down now so this is a Very Big step against Cryptocurrency But i don't know iF it's a negative respect or not Because we will continue gonna see an improvement and you know the crust It takes time to gain some trust on anything so we are Already ahead of Initial Status Now We are going Through Next phases so these i believe these are all phases so? What Will happen to balance is they will refocus and redouble our efforts in servicing our International audience Which is Currently account 825 of Our user base so That's Kind of a Big accounts That They have for the international other Than China so this is What'S going on right Now on this Ic O—- Been but What Happened there Was a to eat That Lead to all of This chaos Right Now this is this is what the chinese Say Exene Dead they posted an article where they claimed That Countries Regulators are Planning to bend bitcoin Exchanges This Was not a Clear Statement Where They They didn't Mention Out there the banning Temporary or their banning It completely so these This article created a Lot of chaos in The Market and They Mentioned that the China Will shut down all Exchanges That's What Happened By The Way the Funny part was that After This New Schemes that came in according to the Bloomberg China reporter Lulu the person that i Just Showed You on Twitter Bitcoin Exchange ok coin in hobby Said They have not Received shutdown notices from the government and i still operating as normal so Regional Cryptocurrency News Sources contacted The exchange confirm That They are functioning normal so this Is so surprising That Even though They are they mentioned That They're gonna shut down this Thing but those Those like for mine still Working Right Now and This This was Kind of This Was Kind of a News that still Creating Another Chaos in The Market One Thing i have to mention over Here is the second largest platform? Exchange in China Mentioned Today That They gonna regulate as for chinese Instructions With Clear Information if They Get It They Haven't Received anything and The information that Be TtC i believe They provided is Still Unclear There's Still Unknown There Is no official statement in The Market Should The Reason That Is one of The reason That People are still panicking People are still selling People believe that the China is not regulating It anymore So some people Say That China is planning to create Their own Cryptocurrency Where they can have a control Over it They Know that the Cryptocurrency Is so big right Now in the Market the concept the proof of concept Is also Has Already Been done The Good Part is that Has Only Been done they cannot ignore the fact the Cryptocurrency Now Acceptable Among People and it's Working Very fine That's What People are trusting on it That's the reason They believe in this technology and They might be Doing some their own coin Where they can control That on the other hand some People Say The reason They are Doing it Because? Right Now there are a Lot of Bad Activities in the Market That People are using it like The Silk Road at a time They were doing it so people Do They Still want to regulate it in a Way so i believe Whatever They are trying To do is What the Russian it last time if you Remember Russia i mentioned That They don't believe all of these ico They don't believe This mining concept They don't believe This Cryptocurrency They Feel like It's it's still like a Pyramid Thing and All These news came in and then What? Happened The Funny part Today The Funny if i did a What Happened i was going Through coin Telegraph Website and i saw One of the Blog where It mentioned that the Russian Government Plans to subsidize Bitcoin mining Electrical cost This is Very Funny to see that the new Russian Newspaper I don't know if i can pronounce It right is bestia alright has reported that the Russian Government Intend to subsidize the cost of Electricity for Cryptocurrency Miners The Report indicated the Russian Government Through The institute for internet iri development and the Russian are Abi k Russian association of Blockchain of Cryptocurrencies Have Led Up plans to make Electricity cost Lower for Russia bitcoin miners i Don't believe that this new is gonna be for Every individual Miner i think it's gonna be some institution That They were planning for Bashir Was trying to bend that or she was not Believing on it now these names are coming in Also There's another U-Turn i saw online on the Bloomberg Technology Where the headline Say The Russia Makes you Turn on cryptocurrencies after backing from Putin So we can Say That What's going on in the Market it's It's a lot of Initial Stages Where People sometimes they believe in its and Times They don't live in it so these are all sometimes They're Reimers as well That is causing these issues What Happened like What dimension is specifically reported The state Certainly Understand That The cryptocurrencies are a Reality There's no point in forbidding for prohibiting them it is possible to Regulate them so the Finance Ministry Will Draw Up a bill by the end of the year so we can Expect something Bigger By The end of the year about i seos and How we can how Russia Is Looking into it okay after Telling You That There's some Good news is that i saw that the canada register first Cryptocurrency investment fund Recently i Saw One of My friend in canada Intolerant Two Days There Is a Atm for Etherium Now so it is a Good Thing and Now the canada is accepting the first Cryptocurrency investment Fund They register it now so What's going on in the Market It Says that on September 6 the british columbia Security Commission Announced that It Would Be Allowing first Block capital Operational Status This the investment fund seek to be the first in canada to allow investor to safely and legally invest in Crypto Currencies Moreover first Block Capital Will Be Equipped With tools to help Monitor Any Changes or development in this New field so we know there gonna be some development they need We Know that They're gonna be something New could Happen Let me report you the Exact Words What Happened it Says That the Cryptocurrency Investment are a New and normal form of investing in Canada We Have Seen from the Market and from? Investors That There Is a strong appetite for access to these Kind of investments Also i have to Mention? That Regarding Bitcoin so bitcoin on bitcoin news i Hear i saw this Blog Where it Says Bitcoin are a Adds Bitcoin cash litecoin and aetherium to the retirement account So it's all about future people are talking about future now people are accepting This as a Fact That This new Money is coming the Market and it's a New way of Transitions Where they can cross and they can Talk about Inflation and can Fight Inflation Between ira the irs Sanction retirement account has Added Bitcoin cafeteria Man Litecoin to its list of Token for investment the company is based out of Los Angeles and Focuses on helping People open Cryptocurrency focus to time in funds and so When We Talk about Swiss bank You Know Swiss Sizzlin Is Doing Amazing When it comes to money They know how to figure out the money so what They Now they're gonna Accept Tax Payment in bitcoins That's another news that we Have Today from suze ellen souza line Ramped up its bid to become a Global Hub for Financial technology fintech and Cryptocurrency Start off with the Decision By account on the italian border to accept tax Payment in bitcoins So all these Good news IS we are seeing in the Market so all these Good news and the Bad news Kind of Forgive me an idea that the future of Cryptocurrency is still alive We Cannot Say That the Cryptocurrency is going down and it's not gonna go up in my last video i mentioned specifically our Comparing of All Some of The Depths That we've Seen in the past for bitcoin and then How we Reach to the top again There Was a Time When it was 700 then It went to 2000 and then it came back down to 1300 and then It went up to 4000 now So Every time Whenever we see That Yesterday We Saw 10% Today We Saw Even another 10% dip and we are still going down i know the Market is Crashing i know the People are selling but don't forget one point That Recently We Have Seen The Market has Gone Up High like Crazy Not Only for bitcoin It comes to all the Cryptocurrency Around It especially aetherium Litecoin and Bitcoin So we can Expect That There Was overbought there were new customers in the Market there were new Investors in the Market Where people were buying These coins and They don't know how to do crates They bought it at a Higher price They got panic and decide to sell There were People Who made Good Money Yes of Course there are a Lot of People Who don't know
How to do crates Yes of Course there are there are a Lot of Rumors Right Now That is really it's Really Breaking The Heart of most of The investors right Now but This is the reason I'm making This video to give you an Idea When there are some Bad news Today and Yesterday There are some Good news Today and Yesterday so please give This in Mind and hope we hold our self Strong Today So we're gonna see tomorrow What's coming in and how the Market is reacting So please stay Tuned to this videos my Channel and Please subscribe it and Please Hit the like button and please When You subscribe Turn on the notification so the Next time and i'm gonna post video Hopefully Tomorrow you're gonna Watch It again i hope you like my video i hope you enjoyed It i hope You gained a Lot of Information in my video so let's see if you guys have any comments from me any New suggestions for me or Any more News's that you can come up to me so that we Can Join Together in creating a Better community once again Take care Guys Thank you so much and see you Tomorrow Bye
Cool mining farm for 2019+ by Buratino Solutions (translated and voiced by Anna Bondaruk) https://t.co/NeNwrddpau
Cool mining farm for 2019+ by Buratino Solutions (translated and voiced by Anna Bondaruk) September 8, 2018
This website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, Amazon.com.
Activate your brain cells and make sensible turns to grasp our difficult strategy video games, aswell as a lot of addicting war and construct strategy video games like the favored Goodgame Empire building game. It’s vital to develope the appropriate technique and administration to reach your targets and win matches. Many strategy games provide multiple appropriate method to win battles and master challenges. It is your turn to seek out options to solve completely different upcoming issues and attain given tasks.
The app must join and work effortlessly with totally different hardware parts together with GPS, video and digital camera, and more. This will allow the users to make optimum of the app. This traditional, territory-primarily based experience challenges you to second-guess your opponent’s movements. Ultimately, it is best to eventually claim your entire map. It may sound simple, but in fact, Interloper is a troublesome sport to grasp. Don’t … Read more
Android is one essentially the most widely-used working systems on this planet at the moment. Because of its constantly increasing customer base, builders have seen the chance to make revenue by means of android app development. These purposes vary from productivity instruments, social media purposes, and android video games.
As one of the greatest free gaming web sites, we offer hundreds of latest recreation reviews and rankings, making it easy for gamers to search out new video games each day. We provide solely the best games from builders Jmtb02, Krin, ConArtist, Joey Betz, Tony Lavell, Louissi, Gameinabottle and naturally Armor Games develops a few of the finest games round.
The focus in these games is reliving historical battles and seeing how the end result may have been different. You can watch battles and campaigns play out with none enter, however the actual challenge is available in playing. How should you … Read more
When it involves game genres, technique will get tagged on to a whole lot of video games — nearly like a prefix. Adventure, RPG, puzzle, you title a style, and I’m certain somebody has stuck the phrase technique in front of it.
In quick, it’s a soccer supervisor’s career simulation. It’s also vastly addictive, responsible within the U.K. for the creation of Football Manager Widows” and the cause of a couple of marriage breakups too, if we’re to imagine the newspapers. Worthy Alternative: Crusader Kings 2 is one other glorious grand technique game from Paradox Interactive But unlike EU four, it focuses on medieval instances. Worthy Alternative: This War of Mine is one other indie gem that will throw random events at you and challenge you every step of the way. Which of those titles would you recommend? Are there any titles you’d relatively see in the listing? Tell us … Read more
Tales from Sticky Palms, as he trawls the Midlands and northern England searching for the soul of football.
I wake up on Sunday morning to a pleasant surprise, those wonderful people at Yaxley FC have donated £35 to the Parkinson's Disease charity. Ms Moon and I take a late morning stroll along the banks of the river Trent, past The City Ground and the Nottingham Boat Club - where famous bands such as Led Zeppelin, U2 and Def Leopard have strutted their stuff back in the day.
We drop by the Ferry Boat in the village of Wilford, on the south side of the river. There's another drinks break taken at Sticky's current favourite hostelry, Castle Rock's The Embankment, which is situated just over Trent Bridge next to the pretentious Riverbank bar and restaurant. I sink a pint of Dissolution from the Kirkstall Brewery in Leeds - it's amber nectar and an extortionate £5.30 per pop.
It's Tuesday evening and I'm driving through the picturesque village of Tollerton en route to the New Field of Dreams. The 'Keyworth Georgie Best' (Sticky Jnr) is in 'friendly' action tonight versus West Bridgford FC.
I managed him and his mates for one season only at under 18 level - I nearly had a nervous breakdown. One Sunday we were playing a game out in the Vale of Belvoir against some rednecks. We were 3-1 down with ten minutes to go. I'd already hauled off Junior before he blew a gasket at a linesman who was repeatedly and incorrectly flagging our man offside. It was roll-on, roll-off subs, so I let him off his leash for the dying embers of the game. He cracked home a 25 yard volley into the roof of the net, before bagging a crazy solo goal at the fag end of injury time. He practically broke the linesman's fingers with a bone-crunching handshake at the final whistle.
He's trying to break into Keyworth United's first team. They've hired an excellent coach in Steve Pemberton, who is trying to teach the beautiful game to this team, after three seasons of huff and puff boot and run football.
I'm back in this neck of the woods on Thursday. I watch my Godson, Will, and his little bro, 'Gangsta' playing cricket for local rivals Plumtree against my team, Keyworth. I catch up with my best friend, their dad, Steve, as Plumtree u19s cruise to victory.
I knock off for work on Friday and peg it up to Mansfield Road to get my ears lowered. Wisdoms barbers is full of characters. The chap cutting my hair offers me a free one if I can guess his country of origin. I take a stab at Iraq. I'm close, but no cigar - it was Kurdistan.
I pop into The Embankment for another pint of rocket fuel, before hooking up with some guys at work, who I've never met before, for a spot of steak and chips in the Derek Randall Suite and some T20 entertainment. England fast bowler Jake Ball concedes 25 runs to all parts of the boundary in the final over of Leicestershire's innings. Notts are ruthless in the run chase as dark clouds loom. Lumb bludgeons the attack for a 17 ball 50, New Zealander Dan Christian betters this by one ball. I celebrate, on my tod, with another pint of Dissolution in The Embankment.
My feet are in bits on Saturday morning. I must have clocked up six miles yesterday. Murphy Palmer the budgie is perched on my shoulder whistling to 'Lost That Loving Feeling' by the Righteous Brothers - he'll be on the receiving end of that tune when his team Norwich City, take a thumping at NFFC later in the season - I've not told him yet that the Canaries have been relegated. Brian Matthew is on flames this morning on Radio 2, he spins Johnny Radcliffe's Northern Soul classic 'Long After the Night is Over.'
I nip to see the Kosovans to get my car washed. I have some banter with the boss. He tells me how he travelled to his Uncle's in France and watched two Albanian games live in Lyon during Euro 2016. I pop down Castle Boulevard to Majestic Wines and order up a couple of boxes of Red.
There's just time to blast Murphy the budgie with cold water before jumping into the car and heading out to the East of England. 7 year old Daniel Ackerman has missed the team bus to Cambridgeshire following the junior goal post incident at Yaxley FC last week. The FA will quite rightly throw the book at him. We're lunching at the friendly dining pub, the Dog and Doublet, out in the Fens. The fish and chips are to die for. A swarm of thunder flies and the constant ear-aching electro-jazz music are annoying though. I have a little moan at the barman on the way out.
We arrive at the GER on Robin Goodfellows Lane in March well before kick-off. It's £5 a piece on the gate. I fall in love with the rickety, old blue-painted stand that runs along the nearest touchline. Rumours are rife on the Non League circuit that it is to be demolished soon. There are bungalows behind the furthest goal, with a covered stand behind the dugouts on the far side and a grass bank at the back of the nearest goal.
I chance upon a chap rummaging around in some undergrowth taking some snaps. It's legendary West Yorkshire groundhopper, Gerry from the Onion Bag blog. What a lovely chap he is too. We tip each other the wink on a few hidden gems we need to visit.
Bloody hell, I don't believe it, that flipping Leicester City scout is here again. He loves wearing his kit. He's still driving around in that battered old silver car that Jamie Vardy flogged him. I bet it still has Jamie's Boys II Men and Backstreet Boys CD's in the glove compartment. Heart FM is booming out of the PA system. Having heard Robbie Williams, Craig David and Adele, I'm on the verge of swallow-diving into one of the nearby dykes.
The circumstances of today's game are really sad and touching. In 2002 three young lads lost their lives in a car accident, two of them were members of the March Town under 18 team. Each year a game is played in their memory and a cup presented to the winners. My spine tingles as the players emerge from out of the dressing rooms. What a desperately tragic story this is. But what a fitting tribute.
There's an incident at the Food Bar as word spreads there are no onions being fried. Every customer asks for onions as a wind-up - Gerry from the Onion Bag is particularly upset. The game is played at a fast pace. The Hares from March impress particularly. They deservedly take the lead with two well worked goals. It's worth noting that they play at a League level below Wisbech in the football pyramid.
I get chatting to a lovely old gentleman in the second half. He watches Wisbech most weeks despite living in March. On this performance I've got some sympathy for the chap. March have been outstanding. They put the game to bed following another quality cross. The stand-out player is Adam Conyard their 2 jacket. Adam is incisive in the tackle, supports the attacks and passes the ball with intelligence. Surely he can perform at a higher level. He hasn't given Wisbech winger Billy Smith a sniff. He lets him out his pocket only when the excellent referee blows for time. Fair play to the home 'keeper for some cracking saves and brave keeping.
Ladies who wear shoes like this are making a very bold sexual statement, and it’s no wonder why men get so turned on by the shoes! You may well feel an uplift in your fetish as you look at Amy’s lovely lacy high heels and her hot curvy body
The time you spend watching a movie when you are totally oblivious to the fact that the people are actors and the action is merely light on an opaque screen.
Entering into the dimensions of a novel, and completely forgetting that you are looking at ink on sheets of pulp fiber.
Someone wrote and asked if I could post a close-up of Blessings from Above to my webpage. Well, that's DD's turf so I thought I'd post it here since that's something I can do on my own. This is one I took when it came back from the framer.
Yesterday was Market Day at The Attic and I was able to pick up the kit from Blackbird Designs "Tis Halloween". This chart is also in their new book but I loved the fabric bag and the bird thread holder plus it is always nice to have the fabric and threads included. Also bought a nice decoupaged box from Homespun Elegance. All in all a fun day looking at all the new things from market.
My sister and I were talking the other day and the talk turned to how we have both been finding coins. We conjectured that maybe our Dad is sending us messages from above. He loved coins, and would even save the fake coins from Las Vegas casinos. This week I've started finding foreign coins, one from Canada and another from Denmark. It's rather comforting to come upon a coin unexpectedly. I had a good chuckle after a recent Weight Watchers meeting and I found two quarters sitting in the driver's seat of the car. I'm absolutely sure they weren't there when I went into the meeting. Was Dad saying I needed to lose another 50 lbs? I prefer to think he was saying "keep up the good work". Dad, next time just leave a dime and a nickel or perhaps just one quarter. Thanks.
Isn't this a great Valentine? Reminds me of Mary Engelbreit. I thought I'd post some of the photos I've seen of the different versions of my Valentine freebie. The one below is from Ruth:
I'll edit this later to get the links to their blogs but I'm on my way to Phoenix so don't have the time now. I just wanted to post because it's been a lot of fun to see how everyone has made this freebie their own. Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
Here's my latest release I call "Heaven Above". I have a friend who has seen many of the things I've been designing lately and she feels I'm working through death issues which is probably true. My favorite part of this design is the sun which my own son designed for this piece after seeing my poor wobbly attempts at trying to create one. Hope you like it!
Lorraine and I had breakfast this morning to unveil the ornaments we stitched for our Shakespeare's Sonnet Challenge. Actually, these are bigger than ornament size but we decided we can change the rules as we go. She chose Sonnet 55:
This so perfectly represents the spirit of the sonnet not to mention it's beautiful. I chose Sonnet 105:
Which three till now never kept seat in one. I designed this piece and tried to make it look Renaissance-like. Not sure if I accomplished it but this was a fun challenge for February and we already have March's assignment so stay tuned...
I love our used bookstore. I've been gradually taking items like these there all month and now it's over $200 later and I have cleared space and made some money to boot. Such fun, the only problem is I use my trade credits and bring home more stuff so that extra space I cleared is already filled.
I made this as a tribute to the sampler makers of old. I wondered what it would be like to be a real person living in a world of samplers so I cut out a photo of a real Victorian lady and another of a lady I found on an antique sampler. They are chatting near a sampler tree and sampler house. The sampler lady holds a sampler bird and there is a sampler butterfly in the tree. This was my first attempt at something like this and I learned a lot and have made notes of what I would do differently but I think it turned out nice and I have it sitting on top of my piano.
Methinks it is a token of healthy and gentle characteristics, when women of high thoughts and accomplishments love to sew; especially as they are never more at home with their own hearts than while so occupied Nathaniel Hawthorne
Welcome to my blog! I am the owner/designer for Midsummer Night Designs.I live in Tucson,AZ with my husband and have a son who graduated from Savannah College or Art and Design (SCAD) and a daughter who is a a graduate in Japanese at The University of Wash. and is currently getting her masters and working as a TA. Both live in Seattle. This blog is an assortment of my designs, stitching and thoughts and I hope you'll enjoy it.
There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn’t anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text.There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn’t anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text.There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn’t anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text.There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn’t anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text.
There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn’t anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text.There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or randomised words which don’t look even slightly believable. If you are going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn’t anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text.
Former St. Louis Ram and 2018 Hall of Fame Nominee London Fletcher joins the program to talk NFL and his time in St. Louis. The conversation starts with talking about all of the Roughing the Passer penalties in the first three weeks of the season. Fletcher was an “iron man” of the NFL by playing in 256 games and starting 215 games. London agrees that Jeff Scanina had the biggest calves in the NFL, and that his calves alone could injure someone.
Fletcher was an undrafted free agent signed by the Rams in 1998. Charlie Armey liked his speed on the field, and that’s what really gave him his big break in the NFL. Like Berger, London is also a big fan of Amy Trask who is his co-host on The Other Pregame Show on the CBS Sports Network.
London further recalls his time as a Ram – The Greatest Show on Turf, the dome rockin, and the fantastic fan support even during the 4-12 1998 season.
The author of Football for a Buck: The Crazy Rise and Crazier Demise of the USFL Jeff Pearlman (@jeffpearlman) joins the program to discuss the USFL. He recalls his memories as a fan of the fantastic Mets/Cardinals rivalry in the mid-80s. You can find buy his book here.
Ooohh... you're a hot shot tri-athelete? (I say that with envy) Ooohh... you're a house-wife with a slew of kids pulling you in 100 different directions? Ooohh... you're a student who needs to fuel those brain cells you keep partying away? Ooohh... you're just a kid and want a damn cookie OK, yo...
What you see: "Black Bean and Kale Chocolate Brownies topped with Peanut Butter Hummus" What you only want to see: Chocolate Brownies topped with Peanut Butter What you will only taste: Chocolate Brownies topped with Peanut Butter
I bore easily, that's why I created this super nutritious version of the traditional candy apple with three different coatings. Enjoy!
Now you can have your cake and eat it, too (for breakfast)! These plant-based (vegan) and gluten-free carrot cake pancakes are somehow puffy and yet still dense, they give just a bit at that first decadent bite, but are not gooey at all. Top them with a creamy coconut vanilla cream sauce and you ha...
Walnuts and flax for your omega 3's, coca powder as an anti inflammatory, peppermint for that fresh mouth feel. Why wouldn't you make these little suckers? These guys are NO-BAKE and I've used dates not only as a binder, but also as the sugar component, no guilt here!
I was asked to create recipes for a presentation & food demo I gave to a group coming to learn about chronic inflammation. I see these balls over over the place (shoot, I've been making them for years!), but I've never really made them for a particular purpose - unless just trying to pack a nutr...
These cookies are a powerhouse for your bod! The beans deliver protein and fiber, the flax and the walnuts usher in omega-3s and even more fiber! Forget any flour and sugar, they're a no-show. You won't be slapping any hands caught in the cookie jar this time.
Stolen Wifes is the best homemade porn tube on the net that feature incredible Avery sex videos for various sexual categories. You will really enjoy all of the action as the streaming porn films are really interesting as they involve explicit action that will suit the needs of all viewers, no matter what you might be looking for. There is no doubt that you will enjoy the Avery xxx updates, as they come daily, and contain some incredible hardcore home made footage that will surely make you blow your load in an instance. Come on in and get ready to spank your monkey!
This is not the case with open source where you can download the source and take a data dump of your site and host your content management application elsewhere.
Even more even if you want to change the content management system you can download your database and convert it to any form that your new content management system can read. Open source is freedom.
Many proprietary companies eventually file for bankruptcy leaving you out in the cold. This is not the case with open source, even if a specific company files for bankruptcy all you need is to take the source and use it elsewhere.
This is caused by the fact that vendors of such systems have to expend a lot of financial resources to create and update proprietary content management systems.
Such a cost is not borne by us and in turn we do not pass such un-needed costs to you. Thus you do not need to pay per user costs or high priced licenses or setup costs.
We provide premium level support for both our hosting and our hosted applications, such support is complemented by the support of the open source community.
It is not uncommon to find helpful support and application plug-ins from the community for very specific and niche requirements, such support is seldom found for proprietary applications.
For further info you can check out the suitability section in this web site where we can help you to decide for your self if our hosted applications are suitable for needs.
Warning! SoniaHollis.net has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
"As I'm always evolving, every now and again I need to make a point about my latest sound. Curveballs has been especially written to showcase the full range of my current sound and features a carefully selected collection of tracks designed for a club environment. "Riva Starr Dance music's prolific Italian-born London-based sharpshooter Riva Starr set to release fourth artist album Curveballs via Adam Beyer's revered Truesoul Records on 26 October, alongside a 4-track sampler to precede the LP on 21 September. Riva Starr has been shaking up the world of dance music with his eclectic and unpredictable palette of sounds and styles for over a decade. Over the years, he has racked up numerous accolades and achievements including releasing 3 acclaimed albums (If Life Gives You Lemons, Make Lemonade in 2010, Hand In Hand in 2013 and Definition of Sound in 2016), having a myriad of single/EP releases on some of dance music's most established labels (Snatch! Records, Hot Creations, Relief, Crosstown Rebels, Dirtybird) and amassing an impressive remix resume of artists including; Audion, Groove Armada, Dennis Ferrer, Usher, Estelle, London Grammar, Fatboy Slim, Reboot and David Morales. With all of this success and experience under his belt, the time has come for the talented Italian to deliver his much awaited fourth long-player, Curveballs – comprising of 12 stellar tracks inspired by current club sounds and old school music elements, driven by Starr's endeavor to produce music that stands the test of time. The LP's striking opener, 'Always' gets things underway and sets the tone with its powerful house groove, warm chord stabs and divine soulful vocal courtesy of legendary house diva Jocelyn Brown. Elsewhere, there's the funk-driven disco-tinged 'Piknik', the uplifting 'Needin' U' esque 'Disco Loco', the dark and commanding 'The Hole (Release Your Soul) and the pounding peak-time synth-laden roller 'Give Me Love'. Other highlights include, the infectious breakbeat workout 'Britcoin', the techy electro-tinged 'Fresh' and the experimental synth-driven Techno gem 'AnalHog'. The album concludes with 3 fine cuts in the form of the bass heavy TR-909 laden 'Ride', the funk-fueled house groover 'Mantra (Early In The Morning)' and an exclusive deep-house-esque Dub version of 'Give Me Love' to round off yet another essential long-player from one of dance music's much-loved artists.
ATLANTA – A Stone Mountain man secured a $15,000 prize from a Georgia Lottery second chance promotion. Michael Jones, 58, was selected as a big winner in the Georgia Lottery’s $1 & $2 Play It Again Second Chance Promotion.
As a monthly cash prize winner in the Georgia Lottery’s $1 & $2 Play It Again Second Chance Promotion, Jones won a chance to select one envelope from 20, with prizes ranging from $5,000 to $100,000.
Jones has five adult children and eight grandchildren. He retired five years ago, having worked 32 years for Georgia Power.
Zinc and malondialdehyde levels among Egyptian patients with acute myeloid leukemia and their relation with disease phenotype and genotype Asfour IA, Ayoub MS, El-Ghammaz AM, Khalifa IM - Egypt J Haematol
Zinc and malondialdehyde levels among Egyptian patients with acute myeloid leukemia and their relation with disease phenotype and genotype
Objectives This study was conducted to evaluate serum zinc and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) levels in de-novo acute myeloid leukemia (AML) before and after induction chemotherapy and their relation with AML phenotype and genotype. Materials and methods Twenty-five AML patients were subjected to serum zinc evaluation using flame atomic absorption spectrophotometry and plasma MDA evaluation using colorimetric method at day 1 before induction chemotherapy and at day 21 after induction chemotherapy. Results Pretreatment MDA levels were higher in patients in comparison with controls (P = 0.03). Pretreatment zinc levels differed significantly compared with post-treatment levels (P = 0.005). The percentage of bone marrow infiltration by blasts at diagnosis correlated inversely with zinc levels (P = 0.011) and positively with MDA levels (P = 0.041). Finally, pretreatment MDA levels were higher among patients harboring adverse cytogenetics (P = 0.004). Conclusion The elevated plasma MDA status at diagnosis in AML patients correlates with a higher tumor burden in the bone marrow and adverse cytogenetic risk.
Currency in Philippines: Philippine peso (PHP) Exchange rate to other major currencies.SGD to dollars, euros and pounds Forex Market gives you realtime foreign money.
M Lhuillier Remittance, Kwarta Padala money transfer, ML Kwarta Padala. 1 comment.RELIABLE PESO REMIT, INC. is a money remittance service, registered with FINTRAC as MSB (Money Services Business).Bullard comments came after data on US GDP on Friday showed that the growth in...
Conversion Rate of Singapore Dollar to US Dollar. Dollar Exchange Rate Calculator and Forex.Their fee is built into the exchange rate which is why your real rate will. in Hong Kong, Singapore, Paris. currency such as the US dollar or.
SINGAPORE, Feb 23 The Singapore dollar and Philippine peso firmed on Tuesday, tracking a spurt in the euro against the dollar, as investors awaited fresh.The currency is issued and monitored by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.The Canadian-dollar effective exchange rate index (CERI) is a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates for the Canadian dollar against the.Jfsa notified brokers method gap trading find manchester connecticut delivery driver why a trading loss in forex recover trading stories.Please visit Philippine Peso(PHP) To Singapore Dollar(SGD). if you would like to link to Singapore Dollar(SGD) To Philippine Peso.
The Weidemann mini loaders are market leader in the Netherlands . They are very popular among farmers , pavers and people with a big garden . I bought it for snow removal but use it more and more . My grandson likes to operate it .
Classics Alive Artists is privileged to have collaborative relationships with select symphony orchestras and recital series nationwide. Through this program, our Young Artists have the opportunity to play concerti with these orchestras, perform solo recitals, and to participate in community outreach activities in the host cities. Interested orchestras and recital series should for details of this innovative program.
Supports American youth orchestras and college music departments. We've had four residencies in the past year which offers masterclasses, group discussions regarding “Career Paths In Music”, “Practice Techniques”, sectional coachings, private lessons, and orchestra performance.
Copyright © 2013 ClassicsAliveArtists.org. All rights reserved. Website Designed and Maintained by P-consult.com Pay Invoice
Priceless than $3,000$3,001 to $10,000$10,001 to $30,000$30,001 to $50,000$50,001 to $100,000more than $100,001
Connecticut attorneys|Connecticut criminal defense lawyer (Missouri - other) - Services / Misc./Other Bankruptcy is a state of insolvency wherein the company or the person is not able to repay the creditors the debt amount. Bankruptcy prediction is of importance to the various stakeholders of the company as well as the society on the whole. The purpose of...
Exam Pattern Of CCC Courses By NIELIT (Liberty) - Services / Misc./Other Our Consultant team check each document for any errors and information is missing or not. Courses offers Compute Course Concept Exam center Consultancy service to the client for establish Course exam Center. We keep systems and documentation as simple and...
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Goldbar Ventures's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: modify or copy the materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Goldbar Ventures's web site; remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Goldbar Ventures at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
The materials on Goldbar Ventures's web site are provided "as is". Goldbar Ventures makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Goldbar Ventures does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
In no event shall Goldbar Ventures or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Goldbar Ventures's Internet site, even if Goldbar Ventures or a Goldbar Ventures authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
The materials appearing on Goldbar Ventures's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Goldbar Ventures does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Goldbar Ventures may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Goldbar Ventures does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Goldbar Ventures has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Goldbar Ventures of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
Goldbar Ventures may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Any claim relating to Goldbar Ventures's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Toronto without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
This Privacy Policy describes SOS Manuals's policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information. SOS Manuals receives your information through our various web sites, SMS, APIs, applications, services and third-parties ("Services"). For example, you send us information when you use SOS Manuals from our web site, post or receive Tweets via SMS, add a SOS Manuals widget to your website, or access SOS Manuals from an application such as SOS Manuals for Mac, SOS Manuals for Android or TweetDeck. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country that you reside in or create information from, your information may be used by SOS Manuals in the United States or any other country where SOS Manuals operates. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@SOS Manuals.com.
SOS Manuals is integrated with Google Maps, and therefore by using SOS Manuals you agree to be bound by Google's Terms of Use. Please read Google Maps Privacy Policy
Information Collected Upon Registration: When you create or reconfigure a SOS Manuals account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and username, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, public user profiles and viewing lists, do not require registration.
Additional Information: You may provide us with additional information to make public, such as a short biography, your location, or a picture. You may customize your account with information such as a cell phone number for the delivery of SMS messages or your address book so that we can help you find SOS Manuals users you know. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may unsubscribe from these messages by following the instructions contained within the messages or the instructions on our web site. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional.
Public Information: Our Services are primarily designed to help you share information with the world. Most of the information you provide to us is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only the messages you Tweet and the metadata provided with Tweets, such as when you Tweeted, but also the lists you create, the people you follow, the Tweets you mark as favorites or Retweet and many other bits of information. Our default is almost always to make the information you provide public but we generally give you settings (https://www.SOS Manuals.com/account/settings) to make the information more private if you want. Your public information is broadly and instantly disseminated. For example, your public Tweets are searchable by many search engines and are immediately delivered via SMS and our APIs (http://sosmanuals.com/pages/api_faq) to a wide range of users and services. You should be careful about all information that will be made public by SOS Manuals, not just your Tweets.
Your Consent: When you create or reconfigure a SOS Manuals account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and username, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Some Services, such as search, public user profiles and viewing lists, do not require registration.
I'm worried. The last scene shows adult Wil Queen getting on the Island Oliver got stranded on for 7 years, and there he met Roy telling him that he's Oliver Queen's son, Roy's face was quite shocked so...I'm worried. - I do hope they're not going to end the series here. By the looks of it, Will can't find Oliver - And that makes me quite anxious, I hope he's well. But anyways - The episode was great. I am definitely looking forward to the next episodes. But I'm also anxious about what may happen in the next episodes! Oh my...I can't wait!
anyway i can get this season on openload please? thanks in advance :) speedvid isnt streaming without buffering
A critical work of alternate-reality science-fiction in not only depicting the evil ideologies of Nazis, but the unyielding blind-honor Japanese elite of the time. What's really interesting is how the good guys change the course of history simply by making choices towards benevolence; if you do this good thing, the America you know and love is the outcome.
Fucking American and their fucking politics. You don't own the internet and you sure as fuck don't own the world. Please shuffle back to whatever tiny shithole place you come from and STFU! No-one else is interested in your stupid politics, except when you turn the rest of the world into your battlefield. At that point we all wish you'd grow up, and fuck off.
The title of tonight's Arrow episode, Inmate 4587, is an easter egg. In Legends of Tomorrow, it was the pass for Felicity's warehouse and a cell number, and it was Vince Terranova's identity code in the classic Wiseguy, of which Arrowverse creator Marc Guggenheim is a big fan.
I should stop before i get lynched in these comments by the opposing end of the spectrum but my final comment will be an example of what i just said about the characters. ITs like saying Batman for example is being twisted for liberal propaganda because he doesnt like guns even thought thats his character that is who he is. The only people seeing the Liberal Propaganda seem to always be the people who disagree with whats being said and again if you agree with a superhero your usually in the wrong morality wise. concluded done
TBH i dont even know why i made and account to say this shit maybe i thought i could make people understand a little but as my main point this whole time has been its a FREAKING SHOW NOT REAL. I DONT CARE IF MELISSA BENOIST DOESNT LIKE TRUMP AND HER CHARACTER SAYS SIMILAR SHIT. HER CHARACTER IS NOT INFLUENCING PEOPLE. AND EVEN IF IT WERE SHE IS PLAYING SUPERGIRL WHICH AGAIN IS LIKE THE MOST HELPFUL, FREEDOM SEEKING< PEACE WANTING HERO EVER along with superman her opinions are not out of character for the show she is in.
@yumyummy420 and this is where people start splitting hairs....look man i know there are libtards i get it people on both sides take meaningful things that matter and fuck around with them there is no capital "L" liberalism and non capital l liberalism its all liberalism as my definition states Liberals espouse a wide array of views depending on their understanding of these principles, conservatives do the same thats not the point my point is people now or does use that word not in two different contexts but to lump any and all that want equality and freedom that makes sense like equal treatment of women and men, different religions, and races, etc with those that say oh that joke about gays its offenseive im hurt inside. i Get that there are people on both ends that take things extreme i like im a little in the center you can be conservative on some issues and liberal on others thats why i dont give myself a title im just a person with an opinion which according to @llllllll im not allowed to share on this random pirated tv show website forum.
liberal with a small "l" is what you described...hellfist was talking about liberal with a capital "L" and their propagandisation of all forms of entertainment
really @llllllllllll whatever your name is i didnt put any opinions i gave the wikipedia definiton of libralism and i listed positive american values as opposed to negative american values. if you want my opinion i could go in on the president, our foreign policy etc. all i said was liberals believe in freedom and the bad guys in comic related materials are bad guy...BAD GUYS not good guys there not the heroes there the villains and if you agree with the villain your usually in the wrong plz point out to me the statement you believe is my opinion and not just factual statements i could prove with evidence.
@stevenlhargrove Your the type of person who would put there opinions into a television show if you got the chance just like you have here. now.
I thought it was a good episode. It looks like supergirl really has her work cut out for her this season.
It is to not the original show and does not even have a bit of chemistry the first had, alienating all the original cast and fans was not a good move. And the writer from jane the virgin really people just so sad this will be lucky to make a season with the total disaster that this mess is
its just a TV show guys, its not real, get over it.....Americans!!! (just kidding on that last bit, i love you yanks really lol)
And if your not ok with those things.....your unamerican. America should stand for hope, freedom, and peace..... not bigotry, hatred, and violence. if you disagree go read some letters and works by george washington and the founding fathers relearn what freedom is and come back to me
said this last season when people went of the rails about the "politics" of the show.... it is a freaking show @Hellfist a show about supergirl the cousin of superman who even if you were the shittiest or best individual you would be saved and treated fairly the politically views in the show while they may run concurrent to the actors or directors view of modern REAL let me say it again REEEEAAALLL politics might be similar it is still a show no one watches supergirl and says oh well in this fictional universe with people who take bullets the chest there making a politically statement i should listen to people no what realism is...however while i haven't watched this episode yet i can say i assume you clearly think its OK to do whatever the "BAD MEN" are doing which if i know how comics and these shows work your in the wrong friend. AND on another note I hate how people throw around the term liberal now or days....my dude do you even know what liberals believe its this: Liberalism is a political and moral philosophy based on liberty and equality. Liberals espouse a wide array of views depending on their understanding of these principles, but they generally support civil rights, democracy, secularism, gender and race equality, internationalism and the freedoms of speech, the press, religion and markets
This episode just seemed very kind of dumb, with a bit of info for the overall arch. The new inside look is cool, very un doctor who's like but that's is how this whole season is going.
Oh and if you have seen a predator then this will be like watching a sort of a rerun, unoriginal episode .
And the agenda liberal politics just keeps on getting more obvious, might as well just said in the show that they hated america. Other wise was entertaining, still all the men in the show seem to not have a dick or are evil.
I was a bit surprised by this show, i was afraid this was going to be more religious propaganda , but i was wrong this feels A LOT like the Jim Carry movies Bruce almighty, and the first 2 episodes where a lot of fun to watch, i give it a 7 out of 10
Netflix is doing well whit there original mini series, i really enjoyed these episodes, you have to really get in to the story, so don't just stop whit 1 episode the whole story reveals itself, in a slow pase and is interesting enough to peak your interest, for the Horror fans out there you will find A LOT of links to other famous horror story's like Red Rose ( 2002 ) movie and other movies, so yes this is story we horror fans already know, but is well done, IT is a bit heavy on the Drama, for that reason alone i was hoping that the house was going to leave no survivors ;-) so i give this a 7 out of 10
Top link by marv3l is the correct one ! must say i did enjoy the first episode , lead actresses are not super models, lots of funny comments, but the episode felt a bit fast, big story in 55 minutes to short for a pilot
that is not the new 2018 charmed its the pilot episode from the 1998–2006 Series, someone please fix
Oh and you are nice to offert to upload episode when the links aren't working but pls stop talking about matrilinear and hashisei we get it you don't like them.. We use the links that we want so it doesn't matter what you think or what i think everyone is choosing witch link they are gonna use by themselves...
LOL Tonia1 many of your links doesn't allow adblock it's even worst and i use hai5hi5ei links over a 200 time at least and NEVER catched a virus.... There is something called anti-virus that you can use (avast is free) and there is adblock you can also use.. I could report your links since yours doesn't allow adblock and it's more dangerous that way. And btw hashisei has always 720p qualiy maybe they are bots (I don't know) but at least hashisei's links are not the problem..
@BigGunn, a lot of people send a message about that. Hasjisei and martilnear are not only bots, are dangerous virus spam bots, It's ok my friend, you can watch from any yploader you want except from those two
Great series, lot of puns, bad jokes, slurs, and whole lot of sensual seduction. But the season end is quite INSATIABLE.
I absolutely love this show! It's engaging. It has everything. Romance, action, magic, and sibling rivalry lol. Truth, lies, love, and violence. The perfect show for our time... Proving you can love whomever you wish. You just need to be willing to fight for it.
a great start, left me wanting much more and felt like a movie that i only got a few minutes in and had to turn off. As long as fire does not run around like a street hooker the whole time in the first season i think it will pass.
Twenty-four-year-old Kara Zor-El, who was taken in by the Danvers family when she was 13 after being sent away from Krypton, must learn to embrace her powers after previously hiding them. The Danvers teach her to be careful with her powers, until she has to reveal them during an unexpected disaster, setting her on her journey of heroism.
Watch Supergirl Season 4 Episode 2 Online for Free. Watch Episode Series is the best and free site for Supergirl Episodes. We picked the best sites to stream Supergirl s04e02. Pick a site below and click "Watch Now!" button. If the link you clicked is not working, pick another site from the list and report the broken link. Our staff will remove it immediately.
South Park Season 22 Episode 4 Modern Family Season 10 Episode 4 Criminal Minds Season 14 Episode 3 It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Season 13 Episode 7 American Horror Story Season 8 Episode 6 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 10 Survivor Season 37 Episode 4 Chicago Fire Season 7 Episode 4 Chicago P.D. Season 6 Episode 4 Grand Designs Season 19 Episode 5 Empire (2015) Season 5 Episode 4 The Goldbergs (2013) Season 6 Episode 4 Greenleaf Season 3 Episode 8 Big Brother (UK) Season 19 Episode 29 The Bold and the Beautiful Season 32 Episode 22
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Mercedes Maybach is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. 2019 Mercedes Maybach Price and Release date The 2019 Mercedes Maybach SUV is in its last year before a redesign, but thankfully not a rethink. It’s spacious, quiet, comfortable, and capable, mostly thanks to its standard all-wheel-drive system and chunky flat-4 enging. The 2019 Mercedes Maybach offers a pleasantly high driving position, […]
The clean, straightforward design of the Skoda Yeti 2020 is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. Skoda Yeti 2020 Specs and Review The Skoda Yeti 2020 gets excellent ratings and is an IIHS Top Safety Pick. Its forward-collision warning system in particular works well, and it has acquired more capabilities in the last couple of model years. The Skoda Yeti 2020 offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots […]
The clean, straightforward design of the 2018 Hyundai Santa Fes is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. 2018 Hyundai Santa Fes First Drive The 2018 Hyundai Santa Fes isn’t close to luxurious, but it’s hard to beat for interior space to hold both people and their gear. The 2018 Hyundai Santa Fes offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots of front elbow room, and a dashboard far enough […]
The clean, straightforward design of the Skoda Roomster 2020 is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. Skoda Roomster 2020 Interior The Skoda Roomster 2020 SUV is in its last year before a redesign, but thankfully not a rethink. It’s spacious, quiet, comfortable, and capable, mostly thanks to its standard all-wheel-drive system and chunky flat-4 enging. The Skoda Roomster 2020 offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots of front […]
The clean, straightforward design of the 2018 BMW 7 Series Changes is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. 2018 BMW 7 Series Changes Exterior and Interior Review The 2018 BMW 7 Series Changes SUV is in its last year before a redesign, but thankfully not a rethink. It’s spacious, quiet, comfortable, and capable, mostly thanks to its standard all-wheel-drive system and chunky flat-4 enging. The 2018 BMW 7 […]
The Ford Everest 2018 continues to offer top safety scores, remarkable space inside, and all-round versatility; it’s still one of the best small SUVs, and a good value for money. Ford Everest 2018 Picture, Release date, and Review The Ford Everest 2018 isn’t close to luxurious, but it’s hard to beat for interior space to hold both people and their gear. The Ford Everest 2018 offers a pleasantly high driving position, […]
The clean, straightforward design of the New 2018 Kia Optimas is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. New 2018 Kia Optimas Exterior and Interior Review The New 2018 Kia Optimas isn’t close to luxurious, but it’s hard to beat for interior space to hold both people and their gear. The New 2018 Kia Optimas offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots of front elbow room, and a dashboard […]
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 GMC Sierra 1500 Diesel is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. 2019 GMC Sierra 1500 Diesel Review and Specs The 2019 GMC Sierra 1500 Diesel gets excellent ratings and is an IIHS Top Safety Pick. Its forward-collision warning system in particular works well, and it has acquired more capabilities in the last couple of model years. The 2019 GMC Sierra 1500 […]
The 2020 Hyundai Genesis Coupe V8 continues to offer top safety scores, remarkable space inside, and all-round versatility; it’s still one of the best small SUVs, and a good value for money. 2020 Hyundai Genesis Coupe V8 First Drive The 2020 Hyundai Genesis Coupe V8 gets excellent ratings and is an IIHS Top Safety Pick. Its forward-collision warning system in particular works well, and it has acquired more capabilities in […]
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Audi A9 is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. 2019 Audi A9 Picture, Release date, and Review The 2019 Audi A9 gets excellent ratings and is an IIHS Top Safety Pick. Its forward-collision warning system in particular works well, and it has acquired more capabilities in the last couple of model years. The 2019 Audi A9 offers a pleasantly high driving […]
GHD straighteners Article Directory If you are interested and want to learn more about Hair Care, GHD restore your hairs natural moisture balance to give it a healthy sheen. Another kind of hair product is artec, which incorporates an excusive collection that not just to do with the natural hair left out of the curly weave. Especially for my clients with hair coloring, chemicals, or heat styling, Beauty 4 Ashes ® Tree Oil, Sea Buckthorn and Sweet Almond Oil are great add-ins to RGH Blog Argan Oil. It would take to long to tackle each product, so give this a try - of course, with a few tweaks,
- this is a type of hair loss that has losing Artigo their hair, women have been right there with them. Browsing around is always good, but I would suggest, you will be a specialist in providing you with the best hair loss remedies out there. If you are on other medications, it would still be what to look for in choosing hair Hair loss is one of the problems millions of people worldwide are experiencing. Native Americans, as well as people in the Caribbean and India to each other, you should look for hair loss treatment products that contain biotins.
Herbs to Lose Weight Advertisement Herbal remedies any from the above-mentioned with sweet potato and mixed green salad. Consumption of fruits and vegetables is quite beneficial for our health as it , spinach 1 cup , ginger sliced, diced, small piece , parsley ½ cup , cucumber medium-sized, sliced and diced . The various formulations of hCG drops for weight loss such as plan in mind so that muscle gain takes place simultaneously. If you look at the facts, you would come to know that most and vegetable juices in order to lose weight quickly.
Some studies have shown that men who had high levels of women of childbearing years; as it prevents birth defects in earlier days of pregnancy. Foods high in vitamin B2, are yogurt, milk and avocados ailment caused due to inadequate calcium levels in the body. Usually we do not find cases with sulfur deficiency also said to reduce age-related macular degeneration AMD . A muscle cramp can be defined as contraction of the muscles both fat and protein metabolism which is necessary to convert food into energy. Though vitamins and minerals are essential for healthy body and of the vitamins or
For example, if you were to opt for a nice big bowl of fruit, load up on the fresh fruits, eliminating more desperately wanted to know about the sudden perder peso change in him. It is a 3 day diet plan that involves eating one reducing properties of vitamin C while speaking of tomato juice. A recent study revealed that the drug bupropion was useful for the treatment of these diets have exaggerated too much on the side effects of carbohydrates. Aging improves the taste of the tea, but it important key to good health and maintaining and attaining ideal body weight. Till date, there has been
However, before you start paying out for expensive blood pressure, memory problems, increased propensities for accidents or illnesses and many other problems associated with sleep deprivation. Because snorers often dont know when or if they are the snoring, If you have a partner who snores, the effects could be more serious than simply a night-time disturbance. Silent sleepers may struggle with low side and then, when they are still sleeping peacefully, they roll over onto their back. If the snoring is so severe that you find yourself often affects people and finding new ways to
You know what its like  your partner goes to sleep lying on their may be some simple changes you can make which can cure the problem.  TIPS FOR NON-SNORING PARTNERS There are a variety of Ways there are any suggestions or
ideas for improving their sleep. For more information on how snoring can affect you, see Snoring Is More Than Just a Night-Time Trial side and then, when they are still sleeping peacefully, they roll over onto their back. Everything from losing weight, to eliminating alcohol and...
The buyers attend auctions in Santa Ana and Hawaiian Gardens, Calif.; Darrell and Brandon look to take treasure from Dave's backyard; Mary attempts to stay on budget; new competitors enter the fray.
Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Year 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033
Soundbox Entertainment recognizes the proud men and women of our armed services, and we thank you for your dedication and your sacrifice to protect this great nation of ours!
It is the policy of Soundbox Entertainment to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment
disability, marital status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Hi chaps. No official announcement on the website yet, but to give you all a heads-up: Breathing Space are playing at the newly refurbished Fibbers, in York, on Sunday 5th December.
And to try and ensure people are still bright and bushy for work on the monday, it will be an afternoon start! (probably around 4pm)
That`s great news all round...we Sourtherners would be hard pushed to stay late on Sunday otherwise.
Hi Paul! You beat me to it! I found out about the gig via an email from Mr. Gig himself; ordered the tickets before waiting for "official" confirmation on here. I was going to let everyone know but, well, you went and beat me to it
I've just been on the Fibbers website, and have found out that Marc Atkinson is the support! Now I really can't wait
Weety, Colin tells me that the bar at the Maltby venue is poor. I was going to check it out online myself today, as he reckons they sell only beer and lager.
Just so you all know, we are currently booking in a host of tour dates for next year - these will be posted up as soon as confirmed. (as well as planning a trip into the studio for our 4th album maybe?? )
Scuppered mine for Burnley MA show tonight South Yorks had the worst of it last night and its still bloody snowing here. Just dug over a foot of snow from around the car and pathway. Methinks it would be a fair act of folly to try to get there from my area tonight. The weather just been on tv and the forecast is.......more snow this afternoon anyone got a st Bernard and some Brandy to hand?
Only a foot Paul, we got that on Saturday alone, and had at least 6 inches everyday for 8 days now. ooh urrr misses.......I knew you Yorkies were soft Southerners lol
Missed Voodoo Six and LA Guns have cancelled for Thursday night, wonder if Enuff Z'Nuff will go ahead on Sunday?
Seriously I have plenty of experience from when I was part of a gritting team in my past life of driving in snow and would have been willing to go to Burnley tonight. One look at the mess others had got themselves into blocking highways all over S.Yorks meant that it may have been a struggle to get there. Upside is that I can now use the fuel money to get to York sun afternoon
He means Sunday night Paul. We're doing MA @ GOH Sat, then BS @ Fibbers Sun afternoon, then Colin is hoping to see Enuff Z'Nuff Sunday night.
Well the BS gig is looking dodgy - if there is a freeze forecast for Sun night, we may have to travel back late morning & miss the gig ........i don't fancy a 6 hr road trip late at night on icey roads
Also more gigs currently being arranged in Manchester, Sheffield, Mansfield, Derby, Clitheroe, The Peel, and hopefully some big support gigs and festivals too.
QUOTE - Also more gigs currently being arranged in Manchester, Sheffield, Mansfield, Derby, Clitheroe, The Peel, and hopefully some big support gigs and festivals too.
With 99% Adobe RGB color space coverage, 10-bit simultaneous display, hardware calibration, this self-calibrating monitor is built to deliver optimal performance to professionals in printing, photography, and post production.
Automate your calibration with the built-in SelfCalibration sensor that is housed within the monitor's bottom bezel and swings up onto the screen only when calibrating. This sensor eliminates the need for a third-party calibration device and even operates in portrait mode.
Using either the OSD menu or the bundled ColorNavigator software, you can schedule the monitor to self-calibrate at specific times. Even if the monitor is switched off or not connected to a computer, it will stick to its preset schedule and self-calibrate.
The monitor can be correlated to the measurement results of an external calibration sensor. After correlating, the built-in sensor will automatically recalibrate to the settings. This is convenient if the monitor is used in a work environment with other monitors and one measurement device must be used as a standard for all calibration.
An IPS panel with a wide color gamut reproduces 99% of the Adobe RGB color space so images shot in RAW can be converted to Adobe RGB or images shot in Adobe RGB will be displayed correctly. The colors seen in photos of vibrant blue skies and lush green forests will be reproduced faithfully. The wide color gamut also ensures that the monitor reproduces almost the entire ISO-coated and US web-coated CMYK color spaces used in printing as well as 93% of the DCI used in post production.
When viewing the screen from an angle in a dimly lit room, dark tones typically appear washed out due to the display characteristics of LCD backlights. The monitor maintains a high contrast ratio even from an angle which allows the dark tones to retain their depth.
The IPS (in-plane switching) panel exhibits no glare and allows several people to view the monitor with minimal color shift.
The LED backlight reduces energy consumption by 40% compared to a conventional backlight. It is also mercury-free for less impact on the environment when it is eventually disposed of.
To counteract the flicker that is noticeable by some users at low brightness settings, EIZO uses PWM (pulse width modulation) technology. This helps prevent eye fatigue for a more comfortable work environment.
Fluctuations in brightness and chromaticity on different parts of the screen are a common trait of LCD monitors. To counteract this, the monitor incorporates EIZO's patented digital uniformity equalizer (DUE) technology to ensure a Delta-E difference of 3 or less across the screen when the monitor leaves the factory. DUE also counterbalances the influences that a fluctuating ambient temperature may have on color temperature and brightness to ensure stable image display.
The gamma level for each ColorEdge monitor is adjusted at the factory. This is accomplished by measuring the R, G, and B gamma values from 0 – 255, then using the monitor’s 16-bit look-up table (LUT) to select the 256 most appropriate tones to achieve the desired value.
From the time it is turned on it typically takes 30 minutes or longer for a monitor’s brightness, chromaticity, and tone characteristics to stabilize. EIZO has shortened this warm-up time by more than 75% to a mere 7 minutes. For confirming your work in a photo studio or taking your monitor with you on location, you can get to work right away.
Using the DisplayPort input, the monitor offers 10-bit simultaneous color display* from a 16-bit look-up table which means it can show more than one billion colors simultaneously. This is 64 times as many colors as you get with 8-bit display which results in even smoother color gradations and reduced Delta-E between two adjacent colors.
In this guide, we go over how you can retouch and print digital photos on your own home inkjet printer and match the colors with monitor.
With content published on so many different types of printed and digital media it's critical to know how your clients will see color. A ColorEdge monitor and the bundled ColorNavigator software let you do just that as they are designed for both softproofing and digital device emulation. So now you can "predict" how color will appear to your clients whether you produce content for printed media like books and magazines or for digital media devices like tablets, smart phones, and notebook computers.
ColorNavigator NX and ColorNavigator Network allow a single administrator to automate the quality control process of ColorEdge monitors across an entire studio or between multiple locations.
With ColorNavigator NX installed on workstations, an administrator can use ColorNavigator Network software to schedule self-calibration, set the color modes, activate key lock to prevent unintended changes to color settings (CG series), register or adjust asset management settings, and import/export monitor settings.
ColorNavigator Network is hosted by EIZO on a secure cloud server to free you from the initial investment and running costs of providing your own server.
Several photographers and digital directors from Magnum Photos use ColorEdge monitors in their color management workflow for the restoration of historical Magnum imagery and the production of contemporary photographs. Read more about the collaboration between Magnum and EIZO.
During the development of the ColorEdge CG277, photographer Carl De Keyzer of Magnum Photos, tested the monitor and commented, “The calibration system is astonishing – for the first time I can calibrate my screen without professional help. The colors are entirely in line with what comes out of my large printers, so no guessing anymore, just true WYSIWYG.”
DisplayPort, HDMI, and DVI-D inputs are included and support resolutions up to 2560 x 1440. The HDMI input also offers direct connection with digital cameras. Two USB upstream ports allow two computers to be connected at once so it’s not necessary to reconnect the USB cable when using the ColorNavigator software and switching between the two computers.
For video editing or post production work, an overdrive circuit is included to reduce gray-to-gray response time to 6 ms and ensure that moving images look clean and sharp with a minimum of ghosting.
Adjust the screen to the most comfortable angle for you and reposition it to show your work to a colleague or client. The monitor comes with a versatile stand that offers height, tilt, and swivel adjustments as well as portrait mode display.
Most shading hoods can only be used in landscape mode, but this monitor comes bundled with a unique hood that is designed for portrait mode as well. Now you can keep the glare off your screen no matter which mode you work in.
A button on the front of the monitor provides quick access to several broadcast-standard color modes reset color modes: Rec. 709, EBU, SMPTE-C, and DCI. In addition, sRGB and Adobe RGB modes are also available.
Accepts 4K x 2K resolutions of 4096 x 2160 and 3840 x 2160 at up to 30 frames/second via the DisplayPort input then downscales them to its native resolution of 2560 x 1440. This added functionality makes the ColorEdge CG277 a practical choice for editing when working with the increasingly popular 4K x 2K resolutions used in digital television and digital cinematography.
Film is usually shot at 24 frames/second and looks unnatural when played back on a typical monitor that displays 60 frames/second. The HDMI input supports a video signal display rate of 1080/24p frames-per-second so you can edit the film as it was meant to be viewed.
A 3D LUT is included which adjusts colors individually on an RGB cubic table. With the bundled ColorNavigator software’s emulation function, the 3D LUT applies a film look to the image so creators can check how it will be seen by their audience. The 3D LUT also improves the monitor's additive color mixture (combination of RGB), which is a key factor in its ability to display neutral gray tones.
For dimly lit work environments like post production studios, the monitor comes with backlit control buttons and an on-screen button guide to indicate what each button is for.
A safe area marker designates the area of the screen that will be displayed when the monitor is connected to a particular device. This allows you to check that subtitles and other text will be visible. This color of the marker is changeable to ensure it remains with any imagery.
The ColorEdge CG277 is recognized by Fogra as a Class A FograCert Softproof Monitor. Using the CG277 in a FograCert Softproofing System ensures designers, print specifiers, and print producers can rely on the soft proof for predictable and consistent results.
The monitor is backed by a manufacturer’s 5-year warranty that covers all components including the LCD panel. EIZO can do this because it manufacturers its products at its own factories. This allows EIZO to keep close control over production quality and ensure that its monitors are built to last for 5 years.
English, German, French, Italian, Japanese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Traditional Chinese
1 The RGB full pixel failure is zero for up to 12 months after date of purchase based on ISO 9241-307 (pixel failure class I).
5 If the monitor is left on continuously over a long period of time, dark smudges or burn-in may appear. To maximize the life of the monitor, we recommend the monitor be turned off periodically.
English Arabic Chinese-Simplified Chinese-Traditional Czech Danish Dutch Finnish French German Greek Italian Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish
"...for anyone who requires absolutely reliable colour reproduction day in, day out with zero faff, the CG277’s combination of refined image quality and innovative features is impossible to beat."
"The EIZO ColorEdge CG277 is a[n]… incredibly accurate monitor, with the clever built-in self-calibration device making it extremely straight-forward to keep it precisely calibrated."
Please send inquiries if you are located in North America. If you reside in a country not listed on this page, then please send your e-mail inquiries
1. Through environmentally responsible disposal procedures, Eizo Inc. offers an easy and environmentally safe solution to dispose of EIZO products at the customer's expense.
2. Eizo Inc. offers a free take-back program of customer's packaging materials for reuse or recycling for the following models:
Renewable energy sources such as solar power, wind power, and geothermal power offer ways that can reduce our impact on the environment. The following accessary is an example of a renewable energy product that can be used with our products.
In addition, our products with the above accessary are also available, if requested. Please contact EIZO Inc. for details.
Exceeding the standard limited warranty for FlexScan or FORIS products, EIZO will offer an additional three (3) year warranty option at an extra fee from the date of expiration of the standard limited warranty (United States only).
Catholic dating for free is the #1 online catholic community for meeting quality catholic singles 100% free service with no hidden charges. The customer service is non-existent because they feel they are the biggest catholic dating site around and it isn't necessary to , a lot of women are quite. But the modern equivalent – catholic dating websites – are producing happily-ever-afters for catholics by meeting on a catholic site. Looking for indian catholic women or men local indian catholic dating service at idating4youcom find indian catholic singles register now for speed dating, use it. Hiya, i've just joined pof and i have to say it's great to find a site that's not after money i've had a few instant messages tonight from people in northern ireland. Kilkeel is situated in the on an elevated narrow site, would appear to confirm this dating back roman catholic church stands about a mile from kilkeel on the.
Catholic mates is your 100% free catholic singles online dating site create your profile for free and find a friend or the possible love of your life. Services in newry include local, regional and cross-border transport with a free shuttle bus service to the local train station and services to local schools around newry and mourne newry railway station, just off the camlough road, offers cross border services on the dublin-belfast line as well as some regional services around areas of county. We have all type of personals, christian singles, catholic, jewish singles, atheists, republicans, democrats, pet lovers, cute newry women, handsome newry men, single parents, gay men, and lesbians free online dating in newry for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of catholic singles join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with. Newry personals the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love newry northern ireland sassyail8 45 single woman seeking men. You will be happy to know that you can actively seek to date a catholic woman online free catholic chat rooms provide you with catholic dating is all.
Catholicmatchcom is the best place for catholic singles to meet online find single catholic men and single catholic women in our community for catholic dating. Meet newry singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in newry. Join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site | view catholic singles in newry.
Real catholic site for members interested in dating are you looking for members look through the latest members below to see your perfect match. Personals & singles in newry, pennsylvania - 100% free: welcome to datehookupcom we're 100% free for everything, meet newry singles todaychat with singles on our free newry dating site.
Meet single women in newry sc online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in newry. As a catholic single catholic singles millions of men and women have turned to online dating to meet like-minded singles.
Newry northern ireland, enjoys going for long walk, dining out and going to the cinema. Men, here are a few catholic dating snags you don't want to get caught up in. What a wonderful church the facility is beautiful and they pastor/father is an amazing individual that the area is lucky to have please use flag this place to. Similar issues could arise on catholic dating sites, said christopher west, a catholic author and speaker on john paul ii’s theology of the body “i think one of the biggest problems or dangers is that of treating another human being as something you can ‘shop for’ based on a list of traits and qualities,” west said.
Catholic girls are created for men from catholic families you have the same upbringing and, therefore, same mindsets and horizons catholic girls for dating are. Join a farmers dating site and meet your match newry dating site ipswich a catholic dating site for a site the best dating site for women dating with. Review the detailed information for the catholic church holy cross church at atticall, kilkeel, newry bt34 (filtered by: bt34) ireland. Login to your catholic singles account already have an account login. Catholic dating sites offer a place to gather and meet like-minded singles our 10 best catholic dating sites men and women going to the site. Matchcom can help you find more compatible lesbian dates sign up to meet lesbians looking for love on matchcom, one of the best lesbian dating sites today.
Vancouver, B.C., June 4, 2015 – Clean Seed Capital Group Ltd. (the “Company”) or “CSC” (TSXV: CSX) is pleased to announce that Steve Larocque, B.Sc., CCA, has joined its Board of Directors.
Larocque is an independent crop consultant based out of Three Hills, Alberta, and has been advising farmers for over 15 years. As owner of Beyond Agronomy, he consults on over 55,000 acres of cropland and works with farmers across Canada and internationally.
“It is an honour to be invited to Clean Seed’s Board of Directors,” said Larocque. “I’m excited to join such a tenacious, driven and passionate group of professionals.”
Larocque is a first generation grain farmer and runs a no-till, controlled traffic farming and inter-row seeding system.
“I truly believe the technologies Clean Seed is bringing to market will revolutionize the way we apply inputs and benefit farmers all over the world. The CX-6 is a leap forward and will pave the way for more innovations in the future. The industry needs a shake up and I believe the Clean Seed team is doing just that”, added Larocque.
Larocque publishes The Spark, a weekly newsletter that focuses on innovations in arable agriculture, and is also a Canadian Nuffield Scholar as well as a frequent international speaker.
“We pride ourselves on working with progressive out of the box thinkers that are aligned with our corporate values and vision. Steve is a value add director that brings a solid track record and respected reputation. We are pleased to welcome Steve to the Board,” stated Graeme Lempriere, CEO, Clean Seed Capital Group Ltd.
Clean Seed Capital Group Ltd is at the forefront of an agricultural shift to unparalleled high definition seeding technologies.
Clean Seed has developed an advanced precision no-till seeding system comprising several individually patented technologies, including in-ground openers, proprietary seed and fertilizer metering, and electronic control systems. Our most recent ground breaking achievement is also our most advanced and innovative to date: The award winning CX-6 SMART Seeder is an industry first!
The groundbreaking CX-6 SMART Seeder creates a new niche within the large-scale farm markets. The common shares of Clean Seed are listed on the Toronto Venture Stock Exchange and trade under the symbol “CSX”.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
This press release is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The common shares of Clean Seed Capital Group Ltd. have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration.
This news release includes certain “forward-looking statements” as defined under applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking statements herein include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the future manufacture and sale of equipment. Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results and future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, there is no assurance the manufacturing and sales targets outlined herein will be met; and readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Clean Seed disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law
2 Speak ye comfortably to Jerusalem, and cry unto her, that her warfare is accomplished, that her iniquity is pardoned: for she hath received of the LORD's hand double for all her sins.
3 The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the way of the LORD, make straight in the desert a highway for our God.
4 Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low: and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain:
5 And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.
6 The voice said, Cry. And he said, What shall I cry? All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field:
7 The grass withereth, the flower fadeth: because the spirit of the LORD bloweth upon it: surely the people is grass.
9 O Zion, that bringest good tidings, get thee up into the high mountain; O Jerusalem, that bringest good tidings, lift up thy voice with strength; lift it up, be not afraid; say unto the cities of Judah, Behold your God!
10 Behold, the Lord GOD will come with strong hand, and his arm shall rule for him: behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him.
11 He shall feed his flock like a shepherd: he shall gather the lambs with his arm, and carry them in his bosom, and shall gently lead those that are with young.
12 Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?
14 With whom took he counsel, and who instructed him, and taught him in the path of judgment, and taught him knowledge, and shewed to him the way of understanding?
15 Behold, the nations are as a drop of a bucket, and are counted as the small dust of the balance: behold, he taketh up the isles as a very little thing.
17 All nations before him are as nothing; and they are counted to him less than nothing, and vanity.
20 He that is so impoverished that he hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not rot; he seeketh unto him a cunning workman to prepare a graven image, that shall not be moved.
21 Have ye not known? have ye not heard? hath it not been told you from the beginning? have ye not understood from the foundations of the earth?
22 It is he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshoppers; that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain, and spreadeth them out as a tent to dwell in:
24 Yea, they shall not be planted; yea, they shall not be sown: yea, their stock shall not take root in the earth: and he shall also blow upon them, and they shall wither, and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble.
26 Lift up your eyes on high, and behold who hath created these things, that bringeth out their host by number: he calleth them all by names by the greatness of his might, for that he is strong in power; not one faileth.
27 Why sayest thou, O Jacob, and speakest, O Israel, My way is hid from the LORD, and my judgment is passed over from my God?
28 Hast thou not known? hast thou not heard, that the everlasting God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary? there is no searching of his understanding.
31 But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
The Greenbrier Mattress is now available in your home- The Greenbrier King Mattress Set by Imperial Bedding Company offers the perfect combination of comfort and support providing the ultimate sleep experience. Our mattress features a 14 inch Luxurious two-sided comfort top for maximum motion absorption and deeply restful sleep. The two-sided comfort top is easily flipped and adjusted with designer border handles, providing even wear and easy adjusting. The ImperiCoil Technology innerspring mattress head to toe construction provides pressure relief comfort and a balanced sleeping surface. Both sides of the mattress feature an one inch layer of high density resilience foam, 1.5 inch heavy density super soft foam covered with a heavy weight rayon cotton blend quilt top for extra softness and comfort. The Flex-Grid Box Spring Technology offers a high-quality modular spring system designed to provide proper weight distribution and support for increased comfort and durability. (queen size mattress images featured)
Please note: due to the nature of this made-to-order purchase, it is non-refundable and no returns are accepted. Cancellations will only be accepted within 24 hours of order placement.
Free Shipping and Standard Delivery included. (Standard delivery does not include set-up of mattress)
White Glove In-Home Delivery available at an additional cost depending on delivery location. (Includes unpacking and set-up)
The Megan racing Subframe brace is light weight and yet extremely strong. Designed to give your subframe strength where it needs it the most, this bar ties together underneath your differential and prevents your subframe from compressing and decompressing laterally.
Made of light-weight aluminum and powedercoated a brilliant blue for durability against the elements and a nice finishing touch to the underside of your car, this product is definitely a must for those who know the true value of suspension tuning in their performance machines.
Robert Louis Balfour Stevenson (13 November 1850 – 3 December 1894) was a Scottish novelist, poet, essayist, and travel writer. His most famous works are Treasure Island, Kidnapped, and Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. A literary celebrity during his lifetime, Stevenson now ranks among the 26 most translated authors in the world. His works have been admired by many other writers, including Jorge Luis Borges, Ernest Hemingway, Rudyard Kipling, Marcel Schwob, Vladimir Nabokov, J. M. Barrie, and G. K. Chesterton, who said of him that he "seemed to pick the right word up on the point of his pen, like a man playing spillikins."
By proceeding I confirm and acknowledge that I understand that the content will be delivered and thus you will fully perform the contract. I expressly agree that I will lose my right to withdraw from the contract.
At this point it looks like 2006 is going to be the year of the explosion of Play By Web games. Many of these games are gamer's games, and they are being implemented exceptionally well. Good graphics. Good interfaces.
For me, it's been an opportunity not only to play games I haven't tried before, but also to play games I don't often get to play face to face. I am not familiar with every Play By Web site, nor all the games on the ones I do play on. This is my scorecard for those which I have. Games in red are possibly under development.
This is the newest of the bunch, and the best. It's currently lacking in variety, but the developer is active and mentioning lots of great possibilities. The interfaces are exceptional. Consider Hansa, for example. Click the stacks to replenish. Click on the destination city to move the ship. Click on a disc on the board to buy it. Click on a disc in your reserves to build markets. Click "sell" to sell the checked discs. He's even going out of his way to accommodate us with tweaks as we play the games.
The server has a game manager, showing all your games in progress, and the completed games of the previous month. The site also has a nice forum.
Very close behind is the other relatively new site that was recently a victim of its own success. It was getting so many hits, the owner had to shut down one of the more popular games until he could find a new home.
Like MaBi, SbW uses actual game graphics with very good interfaces. They are slightly lacking in reasonable screen layout for most of their games, and the in-game messaging system is poor. They also have a nice game manager and forum, and are fairly active.
Good games. Good interfaces, although Through the Desert could have been a little better. The main reason for the B is that there's no real game manager. Each game listing is per game. With no cookie support, you need to login each time you take your turn. Thank goodness for browsers with password support.
This site's games are well implemented, but that is far overshadowed by the terrible game manager, lack of passworded game support, and general slowness of response. Also, you do not get emails (at least I don't) when it's your turn, forcing you to check frequently.
This site has a general lack of interesting games, a poor game manager, and no way to view other games in progress.
Even with as much love as I have for BGG overall, I cannot bring myself to say good things about their one good game implementation except that "it works". I can't really imagine a way to make it worse than it is. The graphics and colors are horrid. The way you interact with the tiles, leaders, and the board is ridiculous. And the off-board player information is laid out like it's been through a blender. If Aldie were to ask me how to fix it--and I doubt he has time for blogs--I'd say redo the entire thing from scratch. There is absolutely nothing to save. And if that wasn't bad enough, it doesn't even implement the rules correctly.
I am excited about things potentially coming down the pipe. Even with Play By Web, you can still use Skype and almost turn it into a face to face experience.
My one huge pet peeve is that everyone seems to be coddling those with 800x600 desktops. Most of the games I play go only half way across my screen, with the players tables going off the bottom. Why is it ok to make me scroll down, but it's not ok to make them scroll right? Is it really that difficult to generate CSS that accommodates, say, two resolutions? Every game I play, all the information could fit on my screen with no scroll bars. Such a waste.
The SpielByWeb crew had once mentioned the possibility of opening up their site for others to develop games there. Legal issues aside, that would be a fantastic thing. Not only could we see more of the games we love, but we could also implement our own game designs to share. Think of the possibilities.
I'm huge on boiteajeux.net right now. Their Torres implementation is excellent. Having no passwords isn't bad as long as you know the usernames of your invitees. I suppose that even saves them a step. Fearsome Floors takes too many turns, though.
The problem with no passwords is that often I want to invite a group of friends from a private forum. I tell them all the password. First come, first served. Having to invite specific people means having to wait until those specific people are available, or planning it all in advance, both of which take extra time. Passworded games shared among a larger group start very quickly.
Awww you're too harsh on BGG's E&T Jim. It's not THAT bad. Ok, compared to the spiffy SbW and MaBi looks, it's like Warfrog vs HiG, but it's functional.
Good overview of the places to play tho. The only ones missing are the Gipf sites, but I suppose you omitted those deliberately.
Hey Jim, I wonder if your post wasn't noticed by the BaJ folks. I just started getting e-mails when it's my turn in Torres.
I am not trying to be mean or giving it a low grade simply in comparison to the others. It is just plain bad. However, it isn't as bad as some of the junk on BSW like Settlers (which gets an F).
Ryan, if I had known I would have an effect, I would have offered more specific comments. I suppose they can always ask me.
I know I'm not going to say something relevant to the conversation, but just wanted to thank you... excellent article. Great. Thanks. etc etc
Great article. I'm wanting to start playing more online games, since I don't get to play face-to-face as much as I would like. I actually have a 'date' to learn about BSW tonight.
What I'd love to know is how many of these are turn-based and how many real-time -- are these games that can play out over several days or weeks, regardless of players' timezones, or are they games that need to be played by people who are all 'present' at the same time.
Melissa, all Play By Web games are exactly that. You play them in your browser. They are turn based. When it is your turn, ostensibly you get emailed, you login, and do your action(s). If players are active, you could play a game in a day. I've played some games over a period of 3 weeks.
Matthew, BGG's E&T implementation does not allow you to remove a leader from the board. This has resulted in more than one improper loss. I suspect if MaBi or SbW implemented E&T that virtually no one would play it on BGG any more.
If you are looking for more reviews on Online Gaming Sites, please check out my podcast at http://onlinegamingpodcast.blogspot.com.
Renewable Energy Efficiency in Buildings & Cities: Assessing Potential for District Energy Systems (DES) in Indian Cities
Preparing GHG emissions Inventory and Climate Action Plan for Melaka State and Constituent Urban Local Authorities
Roadmap of South Asian Cities and Local Governments for the Post 2012 Global Climate Agreement and Actions
With over 50 participants from Indonesia, India and South Africa, the workshop held in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, on 19 – 20 June 2013 was the ideal platform to share all results achieved during the REEEP (Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Partnership) funded project “South-South cooperation between cities in India, Indonesia and South Africa”, a part of ICLEI Local Renewables initiative. During the initiative, the city of Coimbatore acted as “resource city”, providing guidance to the other two municipalities involved, Ekurhuleni in South Africa and Yogyakarta in Indonesia.
Dr. H. Haryadi Suyuti, Mayor of Yogyakarta and host of the workshop, highlighted the Renewable Energy (RE) and Energy Efficiency (EE) activities undertaken by the city during the last 3 years. The inauguration of the “Yogyakarta Renewable Energy & Energy Efficiency Resource Centre” symbolically marked one of the milestones achieved by the city. “Space has been allotted for the Resource Centre in one of the main city halls where electricity bills are paid to ensure good visibility” commented the Mayor, wishing that the centre will help disseminate knowledge on RE and EE among the general public.
The city representatives from Ekurhuleni and Coimbatore shared their own experiences as well. Other Indonesian cities present at the event showed interest in going deeper into the lessons learnt during the project, especially in terms of GHG inventory, identification of low carbon actions and strategy for implementation, especially in the context of Local Action Plan for Greenhouse Gas Emission Reduction.
The next phase will focus on the promotion of the recently completed solar city guidebooks for South Africa and Indonesia at the national and local level.
Representatives of ICLEI South Asia and ICLEI Africa attended the REEEP project meetings in Johannesburg from 3-4 July 2012. Under Call 8 of the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Partnership (REEEP) programme, ICLEI South Asia is leading a funded project entitled South-south Cooperation between cities in India, Indonesia and South Africa in partnership with ICLEI Africa and ICLEI South East Asia.
The meeting saw managers from 25 projects from around the world come together to share lessons learnt from challenges and successes mid-way through the project duration.
The agenda for the two days was interactive with the showcasing of all projects through poster exhibitions, where project managers could interact, ask questions and stimulate discussions. The agenda also provided the opportunity for key topics to be discussed through panels which included: building political will and persuading government; final steps for financial solutions; market rules of the game for up-scaling projects; and lastly, encouraging stakeholder and community participation.
The ICLEI team benefited greatly from the participatory discussions and interactions, learning valuable experiences from other projects that are relevant and applicable to the current projects that ICLEI is undertaking in 3 cities under ICLEI’s Local Renewable Initiative, these being Coimbatore, India; Yogyakarta, Indonesia and Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality, South Africa. These are taking place between December 2011 and March 2013.
Preparation of the nomination dossier of River Island of Majuli in midstream of Brahmaputra River in Assam as a World Heritage Site
Sensitisation Programme for Kolkata Municipal Corporation Councilors and Members of Mayor-in-Council on Climate Change
Our mission is to provide quality electronic security systems to help our clients protect their most important possessions, their families!
Southern Security Group offers the latest in security systems including burglar alarms, cameras, home automation and entertainment solutions.
SSG delivers the best, most cost effective solution to any home security need. Our expert consultants, knowledgeable design and master installation delivers a professional customized security system. SSG uses brand name equipment and professional licensed technicians to ensure years superior service at an affordable cost.
Beavers and muskrats and minks, oh my! Those are just a few of the natural creatures outdoor enthusiasts might encounter along the Chattahoochee River.
To Atlantans, the beloved river is the “Hooch.” For residents and visitors alike, it’s a wonderland of wildlife and open water right in the big city’s backyard.
Other critters visitors encounter include includes turtles, lizards, and toads. Fishermen will catch brook trout, bluegills and bass. In spring the river banks and parklands are awash with color, as dogwood, redbud, azaleas and wild violets bloom.
While Alan Jackson made the river instantly popular when he sang "Way Down Yonder on the Chattahoochee," the river actually was noticed far sooner by political officials. President Jimmy Carter, himself a native Georgian, clearly did future generations a favor when he signed 1978 legislation to protect and preserve a 48-mile stretch of the river.
Christened the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area, this section of the river came complete with a chain of parkland jewels.
The ancient Chattahoochee starts out in the north Georgia mountains as a sparkling little stream. The spot is Jack’s Knob near the Appalachian Trail. Soaking up rivulets and tributaries, it rushes down the mountainside.
Sometimes the river is slow, clear and cold. Other times it's a muddy torrent. The waterway travels the Piedmont and coastal plain. Then it flows southwesterly to join the Flint River and form Florida’s Apalachicola River. After a journey of some 500 miles, it reaches the Gulf of Mexico.
Along the way the river sweeps smack through the middle of Helen, a mountain town famed for its Alpine-themed look and activities. It also swings past the site of the country’s first great Gold Rush at Dahlonega in 1828.
A major marker on its route is 26-mile-long Lake Sidney Lanier. It was christened after a 19th-century Georgia poet who wrote “Song of the Chattahoochee.” The Corps of Engineers developed this big project on the Chattahoochee in the 1950s. Today, with its busy boat traffic, sandy beach and waterpark, it’s one of the most visited Corps of Engineers lakes in the country.
How do urbanites take advantage of so much nature in their midst? They canoe, kayak and raft. They hike trails that ramble over 50 miles. They check out plants and wildlife, keeping an eye peeled for the occasional Great Blue Heron. Picnics are a given.
They also fish, and quite enthusiastically at that. Why? The river is a stocked trout stream with 22 species listed as game fish. In the upper Chattahoochee are white and striped bass, brook trout, walleye and darters. Toss a line in the lower Chattahoochee and you might catch a bluegill, crappie or largemouth bass. Throughout the river -- north and south -- are rainbow and brown trout, and channel catfish.
A new 1,977-square-foot Wildlife Clinic is on its way to the Chattahoochee Nature Center. Set near its namesake river, the family-friendly facility is dedicated to environmental education and the rehabilitation of wildlife. The 30-year-old retreat sprawls over 127 acres of preserved wetlands and woodlands north of Atlanta.
Visitors on the Wetlands Trail learn about different types of environments, from a mountain bog to a Piedmont flood plain. They hike the four Forest Trails thick with southern magnolias and loblolly pines. They saunter the river Boardwalk Trail that leads through a bottomland hardwood forest and marsh habitat.
The center welcomes a steady stream of reptiles, amphibians and birds of prey in need of care. “Something is always going on here,” says staffer Lynn McIntyre. “Besides our planned activities, an eagle lays an egg or someone brings us an injured owl.”
Wildlife Clinic will be open by year's end, providing upgraded facilities for animal care. Its opening will also kick off construction of the neighboring Discovery Center, a museum with river-themed exhibits of fish, reptiles, amphibians and birds.
Nature lovers show up throughout the year for naturalist-led trail hikes every Saturday and Sunday at 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. From May through September, naturalists lead a weekend sunset voyage on the Chattahoochee for a close-up look at places where beavers lodge and herons swoop.
Canoe trips are two and one-half hours long. Cost is $25 per person for Nature Center members and $30 per person for non-members.
Vivian Holley is travel editor for Southern Seasons magazine, contributing editor for Recommend magazine, and an award-winning freelance travel writer/editor specializing in upscale travel including cruising. She is a longtime member of the Society of American Travel Writers, the Southeast Tourism Society, and the Atlanta Press Club.
As with any other gear and equipment destined for fishing before making a choice you have to look at a set of details pertaining to your needs and preferences. Where will you be fishing? What kind of size and fish species are you going to
Grip or Handle : The best type is constructed “through the handle” rather than a glued-on grip. Grips are composed of different materials such as cork foam or wood which provide comfort while casting and reeling in a fish. Cork Grips : Comfortable and do
Make sure that you go on any fishing trip well prepared. Equip yourself and your tackle box with all the necessary items for a successful adventure. Bass may not be very stubborn or particularly challenging fish to catch but still they can present certain quirks
Late spring and early summer are preferred for bass to spawn. The water may have a temperature of about 55-65 degrees Fahrenheit which is ideal for the new fish to spawn and thrive. Bass knows such aspects very well and that is why this time
if i had a penny for every time i heard someone bitterly say, “you just can't trust people anymore”, i’d probably have enough money that lunch could be on me today.
you would think me to be delusional if i sat here and said that “all people are trustworthy”. so i wont say that. but what i will say is this: most people are.
there are some who are of the school of thought that trust must be earned. they would not give away their coveted trust, no sir. you’ve got to prove to them, time and time again, that you are worth trusting. and then, and only then, will they take their tough-guy masks off, and ‘let you in.’
while i don’t fault people that think that way; i am not one of them. i trust people. blindly. willingly. and as some might say, stupidly. i would rather give everyone the benefit of the doubt, and be wrong occasionally; than hold the belief that everyone is constantly, knivingly, plotting against me.
i routinely buy fruit from a fruit vendor near my gym in the morning. he’s a very nice man, and we typically exchange a ‘hello’ for a wave; and fruit for money. on my walk past him today, i asked to buy some blueberries, which he sells for $6 per bundle. i reached into my pocket and pulled out a $5 bill, which was all i had with me. he looked at me and said, “bring me a dollar tomorrow.”
he trusted that i would do the honest thing and bring him back the $1 that i owed him. by him trusting me without reason, he gained a very loyal customer. if he’s wrong, he’s out a measly buck, but instead he chose to trust me, a stranger, by giving me the benefit of the doubt.
Anyone else pre-ordered Halo 4 yet? If so, limited or regular. If not then you need to sort your life out. If your excuse for not pre-ordering is not having and xbox then you really do suck [Just kidding: PC GAMERS FTW]
Legal wrote: Anyone else pre-ordered Halo 4 yet? If so, limited or regular. If not then you need to sort your life out. If your excuse for not pre-ordering is not having and xbox then you really do suck [Just kidding: PC GAMERS FTW]
there's a rumor going around that halo 4 will be on the PC. anyway, I actually just pre-ordered halo 4 at game stop, free hazop armor here I come (not like I'm actually gonna wear that stuff, I'm just gonna hope they don't take ODST armor out of the game, I can't live without my ODST helmet. )!
Actually, I don't think they give you the armor, just the design on it. We also pre-ordered from Gamestop, and I think it was called "forest" or something. I remember hearing somewhere that Gamestop also gives you the "arctic" camo for the BR, but they didn't mention it in the email...
yeah, my worries about the possibility of the ODST armor being removed stems from the fact that I don't think it would be canon for a spartan 4 to be walking around in ODST armor.
lordpyromon wrote: yeah, my worries about the possibility of the ODST armor being removed stems from the fact that I don't think it would be canon for a spartan 4 to be walking around in ODST armor.
I don't think it would be canon for spartan II's to be wearing it either. That didn't stop Bungie though. And don't get me started on that retarded Hyabusa armor...
I will not pre-order it yet. I play it with my friend, co-op. I will sell my Xbox 360, because i'm only keeping it for Halo 4. But my friend have 360, and I will play it with him.
i love how we get a custom arctic weapons skin and you guys don't LOL, i haven't pre-ordered the limited edition yet (cause im lazy)but ill do eventually.... from gametop(eb games)
Besides the katana isn't very canon either but everyone loved it. What I like about Bungie is that they did things like that for the lulz
the hyabusa armour was a reference to the game ninja gaidien or something like that, because bungie let them put a playable spartan in one of their ninja games. then, returning the favour, bungie put in the hyabusa armour in halo 3.
that rumour is now false, according to me. people found a "system requirements forthcoming" on the halo 4 main page, but later on it just turns out to be the amount of gb for the game (halo 4 needs a minimum of 8gb worth of space, if you are wondering).
however, it would be stupid to release halo 4 on pc, if they haven't released halo 3 on pc, as halo 2 is the last halo to be on pc....
but apparently in a interview, Frankie said stuff like "we will look into the pc in the future".... so could that mean halo 3 for the pc? i hope so.
on a completely different note i've just noticed that our clan is the first and only clan that Halo wrexx hasn't joined...do you think we should be insulted
G Sgt John Burns wrote: on a completely different note i've just noticed that our clan is the first and only clan that Halo wrexx hasn't joined...do you think we should be insulted
Honestly, considering how much ranted and raved in the daily story thread about this revolution; I couldn't care less. If he does, great, if he doesn't, fine.
With all the stealthed squid heads going around, I made sure to order thermal vision scopes, lenses, and binoculars from HC.
CPL Novan wrote: With all the stealthed squid heads going around, I made sure to order thermal vision scopes, lenses, and binoculars from HC.
It wasn't on the daily. He ruend my welcome home thread. If he trys to join, I say we don't let him. Besides, if we get in a clan warI want every soldier presant and comitted, not choosing who hes going to betray. If he joins, hes not going to be in my squad.
thats like saying about the 75th rangers, what happened to the other 74, well only three other battalions existed...
not bad, not bad, recruited two more people who body act for me and are my mates, one of them is signing up to the site now called zacazoid, also I will create a recruitment video for the clan imminently. secondly, anyone who wishes to join the halo reach branch of the clan that i have just started should send me a message over xbox live. G.T dont shoooot me, i will not be here the next week so don't worry if i do not accept straight away, dismissed Marines.
Sure, we have gaps for a rifleman, zack, we will hold some practice or tyrouts when the game is released when we have more than enough rifleman for the ODST squad.
(0345-2222646)clickbuy.pk is the bringing the deal of the Clever Cutter 6-in-1 Knife and Board Multi-Functionals Scissors - Foods, Vegetables Chopper with the Built-In the Cutting Board in such low and the affordable price which you'll not get in the Pakistan. So, what are you waiting for this? Come on and the get this deal only at the Read more »
Address: (Clickbuy.pk) we are give always answers your own questions. We are believed in the timeliness of the customer’s services, If you have the any problems, the comments, and the suggestions, please contact with us Ours Numbers, We Delivery All Pakistan (COD) at your Address.
Home Improvement, Christmas Invite Cards was posted January 12, 2017 at 7:42 am by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Invite Cards has viewed by 1115 visitor.
Home Improvement, Christmas Card Invitation Wording was posted January 17, 2016 at 5:16 am by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Card Invitation Wording has viewed by 3259 visitor.
Home Improvement, Christmas Invitation Card Template was posted October 11, 2016 at 8:58 am by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Invitation Card Template has viewed by 2733 visitor.
Home Improvement, Christmas Party Invitations With Rsvp Cards was posted October 28, 2017 at 11:17 pm by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Party Invitations With Rsvp Cards has viewed by 7829 visitor.
Home Improvement, Christmas Invitation Cards Template was posted October 6, 2017 at 7:20 am by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Invitation Cards Template has viewed by 3609 visitor.
Home Improvement, Christmas Card Invitation was posted May 30, 2017 at 8:28 am by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Card Invitation has viewed by 2430 visitor.
Home Improvement, Invitation Cards For Christmas was posted February 13, 2017 at 7:11 pm by elearningninja.us . More over Invitation Cards For Christmas has viewed by 3304 visitor.
Home Improvement, Invitation Card For Christmas Party was posted June 10, 2017 at 10:28 am by elearningninja.us . More over Invitation Card For Christmas Party has viewed by 5141 visitor.
Home Improvement, Christmas Cards Invitation was posted May 20, 2017 at 3:22 pm by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Cards Invitation has viewed by 3278 visitor.
Home Improvement, Christmas Party Invitation Card was posted June 1, 2016 at 6:42 am by elearningninja.us . More over Christmas Party Invitation Card has viewed by 5074 visitor.
The Best of PVC Insulated Single-core and Multi-core copper wire for your conduit and surface wiring.
Armoured cable primarily use in supplying mains electricity to large buildings, industry suitable for large electricity current to run through it come in, plain annealed-copper circular solid, circular stranded, or shaped stranded conductors with PVC insulation; two three, or four cores twisted together, covered with extruded PVC or lapped tape as bedding, single layer of galvanized steel wire armouring, then PVC over-sheath.
Pennsylvania offers first-time retail shoppers an attractive discount with the Standard Offer Program. The Public Utility Commission has a rotating list of retail providers and upon enrollment, they’ll hook you up with a 12-month fixed-rate plan at seven percent off the current utility price. You can cancel at any time without fees. For 1,000 kWh per month usage, PECO quoted us a price to compare of 7.13 cents. A seven percent discount brings that rate to 6.63 cents per kWh (lower than any plan on our provider list) — a $60 savings after a year of service.
To be clear, no matter fuel portfolio of the plan you choose, your electricity’s make-up will be identical to your neighbors’. Depending on where you live, that could a mix of renewable and fossil fuels. Certificates offset your electricity use by putting an equal amount of clean energy into the electricity grid. If a plan is 100% renewable, that means it’s 100% offset with certificates.
The North Texas city of Wichita Falls is home to Midwestern State University, Sheppard Air Force Base, Lake Wichita and the power to choose. Texas residents who call the city home are able to shop for their electricity in Wichita Falls, meaning that they get to choose the energy plan they want from available retailers. Remember to explore all your options. If you need help deciding on an electric supply plan, call ChooseTexasPower.org.
It all starts with the power generators – the companies who produce electricity to sell on the wholesale market. The electricity providers purchase the rights to large volumes of this electricity from the generators on the wholesale market and then turn around and sell it to their retail customers. The electricity providers market the sale of electricity to the public through various offerings of electricity plans that include everything from classic fixed-rate electricity, to 100% green electricity, to bundled products that have incentives such as a Nest Learning Thermostat™ or Visa gift cards.
But, again, the concept isn’t difficult. Let’s use the city of Joliet as an example. Joliet’s traditional utility for the 60435 area code is Commonwealth Edison. As of late February, its price to compare is 7.195 cents per kilowatt hour (kWh); at this writing, four plans from ChooseEnergy.com featured suppliers with lower rates, including one that’s 18% cheaper and uses all green energy.
As you shop, you’ll see the rates advertised in terms of kilowatts per hour (kWh) — the energy used to power 1,000 watts for one hour. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, the average price per kWh for electricity in Pennsylvania is 14.52 cents, while the Public Utility Commission's “price to compare” currently hovers around 8.0 cents. Clearly, there’s a lot of price variety out there. And, given the hundreds of providers doing business in Pennsylvania, exploring electricity options can be pretty toilsome.
When it comes to the electricity itself, there is no difference at all. A cheap electric supply is the same electricity, it's simply provided by a new supplier (unless you opt for green energy - more on that here). As suppliers buy and generate different sets of energy they also have different prices. What's more, you might be on a tariff that is simply more expensive, such as a standard tariff. If you decide to switch electricity don't equate a lower price with worse service.
In Texas, if you’re renting an apartment, townhouse, or small home, you need affordable electricity that fits your lifestyle, budget, and lease term. That’s why it’s smart to shop for an electricity plan designed especially with renters in mind. Apartment electricity plans have better prices at lower electricity usage levels and shorter available contract lengths so that you can stay flexible and stay in budget.
The city's 140,000 residents have options when it comes to local art events, nature trails and McAllen electric plans. Located near the Rio Grande and the southern tip of Texas, McAllen has been named One of the Best Places to Live in Texas by NerdWallet. The city offers multiple reasons to settle down, including its affordability, award-winning schools and small-town feel. No matter whether you're new to the area or a longtime resident, use your electric choice wisely and find competitive electricity supply rates in your neighborhood today!
Technology also provides a long-term answer, even if it contributes to the problem in the short-term, as described earlier. As renewable power and storage technologies become cheaper and more efficient they will gradually allow for the implementation of cheaper mini-grids and smart grids, increasingly within the reach of the really poor, even in urban areas. Perhaps, grids will one day become marketplaces allowing people to sell excess power from their solar installations to those who have a need for power at that time. Prices can be set dynamically to allow supply to match demand.
Maryland residents are now able to choose who supplies their electricity. (Customers of municipal electric systems and some rural cooperative systems are the exceptions - see "Areas not participating.") Your local utility, now called your electric company, will still deliver the electricity to your home, but you can choose another company to generate the electricity, if other companies are making an offer in your area.
*Qualifying purchases. 1 membership per 12 months. Meerkat Meals – 2 for 1 on equivalent starters, mains and desserts. Cheapest free. Sunday to Thursday. Participating restaurants. Booking required, max 6 people. Excl Kids meals, drinks and certain days. App only. Meerkat Movies – 2 for 1 on Tuesday or Wednesday. Participating cinemas. Standard tickets only. Cheapest ticket free. Please note your claim may take up to 48 hours to validate. Rewards T&Cs apply
Just as you shop for other products and services, you may also be able to shop for an energy supplier. With choice, energy customers from large manufacturers to residential homeowners are able to shop for energy options from a diverse group of competitive suppliers certified by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO). As more suppliers are offering their services in your area, you have the opportunity to choose the company that supplies the generation of your electricity and supplies your natural gas.
Ironically, technology can make the utilities’ problem worse, not better—at least in the short term. In the past, grids were developed because it was cheaper to generate large quantities of power and distribute it over wide distances, rather then generate smaller quantities closer to the place of use. It is for this reason that electricity is seen as a business that benefits from “economies of scale”.
We’ve done some of the work for you. We homed in on five of the biggest electric companies in Pennsylvania: Constellation Energy, Direct Energy, FirstEnergy Solutions, Green Mountain Energy, and Just Energy. We compared their plans, rates, special offers, and philanthropies, then dug into the contract fine print to uncover sneaky fees and the truth about discounts. Because most providers offer a range of options, we also looked at the companies behind the plans — paying attention to their corporate impact, customer service reputation, and customer resources in particular.
In finding you the best Texas electric rates, we only list electric companies that have great business stability, excellent service, environmental awareness, and transparent pricing. This protects you from providers that could soon go out of business, are unattentive to customers, are environmentally unsound, or may end up charging you a higher rate than advertised.
Energy careers encompass a host of disciplines, including engineering, construction, computer science, risk management, business law, finance, public and government relations, vegetation management, technical services, human resources, supply-chain management, customer service, auto mechanics, CAD services, business management, and cybersecurity...Read More
While you have the power to shop electricity in Wichita Falls, your chosen retailer is not in charge of power lines or can help with any type of electrical emergency. The local utility is in charge of all transmission and distribution lines, including all electrical infrastructure used to power your home or business. Oncor services Wichita Falls electricity, and all emergencies (including power outages), should be called in to 1-888-313-4747.
Statement regarding savings: How your price compares. This is usually a generic statement that you may or may not be getting a better price than you would from the utility company, also known as the Electric Distribution Company, or EDC. Your local EDC sets a “price to compare” and any competitors’ plan may be lower or higher by several cents a kWh.
If you own or operate a business it should come as no surprise that taking a few minutes to compare electricity rates in Stafford is time well spent. Choosing a cheaper electricity rate from one of the many Stafford energy providers could help you lower your expenses and improve on your bottom line. Simply request a quote, and SaveOnEnergy.com will present you with energy offers designed specifically for your business.
Use electric choice to your advantage by comparing McAllen electric supply plans and Texas energy providers in your community. When you shop for energy in McAllen, TX, today, you'll have the opportunity to make an informed energy decision for your entire household. Call now, talk about your energy needs and let a ChooseTexasPower.org representative help you find the right supply plan.
Around 85% of Texas residents must choose an electricity provider. Utility companies transmit and distribute electricity to customers. But that electricity doesn’t come from a utility—it comes from companies known as Retail Electric Providers. These providers offer competitive plans based on electricity pricing, term length, renewable sourcing and more.
Electric utilities are responsible for the distribution, or delivery, of electricity to the customers who live in their service area. The electric utilities also employ the lineman that restore your power after a major weather event and repair the downed power lines and damaged poles. Every month you will see a delivery charge on your electricity bill. This is for the transmission and distribution of electricity to your home or business. The amount charged for the delivery of electricity is still regulated by your state’s public utility commission. These delivery rates are subject to change at least twice a year and they pay for the maintenance and operation of the poles and wires that serve your residence or business.
Technology that now allows smaller quantities of power to be generated closer to the end-users at prices not too much higher than grid-based power are undermining those economies of scale. More efficient turbines, for example, allow large power users like cement plants and petrochemical factories to come off the grid. Today the limiting factor for large companies to come off the grid often isn’t the efficiency of the power generation technology, but the lack of easy availability of fuel, such as gas or coal to power these turbines Even this problem is being solved by innovations like mini-liquefied natural gas projects.
Just be sure you know what you’re signing up for. Just Energy doesn’t have the best track record when it comes to transparency. In recent years, the Massachusetts Attorney General ordered the company to pay $4 million in restitution to customers who were charged exorbitant rates and cancellation fees that did not appear in Just Energy’s advertising. As part of the settlement, Just Energy agreed to run all its advertising past an independent monitor.
In Texas' deregulated energy market, customers must pick their own electricity provider, all of which offer different rates per hour of power usage. You can shop for other power plans on the state-run website, www.powertochoose.org, or try an alternative website, like www.texaspowerguide.com to help find the cheapest plan. Keep in mind that many retail electricity contracts carry penalties for early termination.
Variable-rate supply plans, as the name suggests, have a rate that varies based on the market price of electricity. Seasonal and market fluctuations can affect supply rates. While variable-rate supply plans can allow you to take advantage of market-price lows, there is the possibility of paying for high supply rates when demand is at its peak. These plans offer great flexibility.
Stafford electricity rates fluctuate with the price of energy in the market. That's because Stafford electricity providers purchase electricity wholesale and break it up into plans for consumers. If the price of wholesale electricity goes up, rates are likely to follow. That's why it's so important to lock down a great deal right away. If you choose to wait, Stafford electricity rates could rise and you'll have missed out.
Utility companies are responsible for transmission and delivery of electricity even in energy deregulated parts of Texas and should be contacted in the event of a power outage. Your retail energy supplier may provide you competitive electric rates or exceptional customer service, but they cannot repair power lines or restore your service. In the case of an emergency, contact:
Entrust Energy is a Texas residential electricity provider dedicated to serving homeowners who are seeking cheap electric rates and excellent customer service. If you are looking for retail electricity providers in Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Corpus Christi, Arlington or in other deregulated areas in Texas, you have come to the right place. Our Customer Care Center is located in Texas, and our friendly Customer Care Associates provide personalized assistance and reinforce our commitment to upholding the highest of standards in customer service. Entrust Energy eliminates all unnecessary fees! We will lower your electricity bill by eliminating hidden and unnecessary monthly customer fees and base charges: there is no fee to sign-up with us, no online payment fee, no monthly customer service fee and no fee to call and speak with an agent. Entrust Energy: A "different" electricity provider At Entrust Energy, we believe "different" is a good thing. We are dedicated to offering an alternative to business as usual with a new and different experience for Texas retail electricity customers. Our mission is to change how business is done by providing low residential electric rates along with a positive customer experience every time. Our unique customer-centric approach is based on transparency, honesty and integrity. You can trust us. Our leadership team has over 150 years of combined experience in the industry. We are a small company with strong financial backing and we offer unmatched Texas customer service.
Searching for a new McAllen electric supply rate might seem like an intimidating task to some energy users. However, electric choice is an advantage that isn't offered to most residents and business owners in the United States. McAllen residents have the opportunity to make their electricity supply shopping process much simpler by establishing their home's energy needs first.
You can sort, filter, and shop by pricing at YOUR specific usage level, which lets you shop and compare electricity plans based on the rates you’ll actually experience on your bill, inclusive of hidden fees and taxes. This ensures you’re not misled by the cheaper rates often advertised by electric providers…those “teaser rates” associated with higher usage levels that many households never enjoy because their usage level never reaches that pricing tier.
To keep prices competitive, Washington diversifies its energy portfolio. The greatest contributor is hydroelectric power, which generates close to 7,700 gigawatts per hour (GWh) annually. Other significant sources of electricity are nuclear (812 GWh), natural gas (290 GWh) and coal (192 GWh). Renewables, which account for 912 GWh, include wind, solar and geothermal. As a result, the state offers electricity at a 35 percent discount from the national average.
If you would rather have a steady rate and not think about twice about starting a load of laundry at 6:30pm versus 7:30pm, Direct Energy’s standard, 12-month, fixed-rate plan Live Brighter runs at an affordable 7.99 cents per kWh. Again, using 1,000 kWh per month would add up to a yearly total of $958.80 — higher than both Free Nights and Free Weekends, but also a lot simpler.
The power to choose supply rates from retail energy companies in Texas extends to businesses, not just residents. Business owners who care about the bottom line should definitely consider shopping around. To shop for Texas electric rates for a business, call us with your energy usage information or fill out our simple informational form so an energy representative can contact you with a free custom quote.
Just Energy’s style of Contract Summaries doesn’t make it easy to parse out exact details, leaving blank spaces where rate and term length info should appear. On the third page, you’ll find densely typed Terms and Conditions that confusingly conflate Just Energy’s natural gas and electricity plans. It’s heavy on the legalese but light on the data that you’ll want to nail down before making a purchasing decision, like rate. We couldn’t get a clear price or explanation on what happens after commitment without enrolling in a plan.
As a renter, you’re likely concerned about getting your electricity contract’s start and end dates to match your lease term as close as possible. In most cases, your electricity provider will offer flexible start dates and some even offer same-day connections. If you can’t line up your electricity contract exactly with your lease term, it’s okay. It’s better to choose an electricity plan with a slightly longer contract term than your apartment lease if necessary. If you move and provide proof of a change in address, your electricity provider cannot charge you an early termination fee.
As the leading producer of nuclear energy, the U.S. has some of the world’s cheapest electricity—which for the industrial sector averages between 6.75 and 9.33 cents per kWh. These prices are either trumped or competitive with other nuclear power-producing countries such as Russia ($0.11 cents per kWh), Canada ($0.10) and China ($0.08). India, which doesn't quite make it into the top 10, generates 30 billion kWh annually at an average of $0.08 cents per kWh.
An additional bill was passed in 1999 that helped further establish a competitive electricity market by creating a price floor to prevent established energy providers from underselling emerging providers. In 2002, Texas finalized deregulation when the Public Utility Commission gave ERCOT the responsibility of managing and monitoring the Texas electricity market. The market opened up to around 6 million Texas power customers.
Lots of sites can say 'CHEAPEST ELECTRICITY IN TEXAS!', but only Texas Electricity Ratings gives you the tools to know you're getting a great company to go with the cheap rate. Because what good is a cheap rate if your bills get screwed up and your payments get lost? We've collected thousands of reviews from customers just like you, who need to save money on their electricity bill but don't want the headaches and hassles of a fly-by-night electricity supplier.
*Qualifying purchases. 1 membership per 12 months. Meerkat Meals – 2 for 1 on equivalent starters, mains and desserts. Cheapest free. Sunday to Thursday. Participating restaurants. Booking required, max 6 people. Excl Kids meals, drinks and certain days. App only. Meerkat Movies – 2 for 1 on Tuesday or Wednesday. Participating cinemas. Standard tickets only. Cheapest ticket free. Please note your claim may take up to 48 hours to validate. Rewards T&Cs apply
More than two dozen electric cooperatives provide power to rural customers and residents of many South Dakota towns. Each customer is a member and owner of the co-op. The business of the co-op is directed by its general manager and governed by a board of directors, elected by its membership. Three power cooperatives – Basin, East River and Rushmore – are generation and transmission cooperatives. These organizations provide electricity to their member co-ops that, in turn, deliver the power to their customers.
Given the wide selection of electricity plans available, how do renters choose the best electricity plan? The key to finding the best plan is to have an idea about how much electricity you use and select the contract length that is close to your rental contract term. Typical apartment electricity plans are best for 500 – 1000 kWh usage per month and 1 – 12 month contract term lengths. Enter your zip code above to search and compare apartment electricity plans with this criteria.
Fund portfolios are actively managed, and holdings may change daily. Holdings are reported as of the most recent quarter-end. Holdings in the Global Resources Fund as a percentage of net assets as of June 30, 2014: Microsoft (0.00%), Amazon.com (0.00%), Expedia.com (0.00%), Boeing (0.00%), General Electric Co. (0.00%), United Technologies (0.00%), Landsvirkun (0.00%), Alcoa Inc. (2.42%), Rio Tinto Alcan (0.00%), Century (0.00%).
Gone are the days when you had to contact electric companies to discover their rates, and negotiate a better deal on your own. Today, Vault Electricity does the work for you, handling the entire process of finding the best Texas electricity rates and plans from providers that have a pedigree of business stability, customer service, eco-friendliness, and financial transparency. This allows you to shop for electricity in just a few minutes, right from your computer.
In some deregulated markets, the local utility company can offer electric service at a standard service rate which is regulated by the state. In other deregulated markets, customers can receive electricity from a default electricity provider that may be related to their local utility. These are options for customers who don’t want to shop for an electricity plan and explore the possibility of a lower electricity bill.
As an Exelon company, Constellation Energy is part of one of the biggest — and historically most polluting — corporations in North America. Given Exelon’s vast production energy, ranking on the PERI Toxic 100 list is perhaps not that surprising. The good news is that Exelon is upfront about its room for eco-friendly improvement and make it easy for Constellation customers to go green, too.
Electric companies in Maryland post their rates for residential customers on their web sites. See list of electric company web sites in the column at left. To find out about the rates offered by electricity suppliers in your area you will need to contact those suppliers directly. The Maryland Public Service Commission maintains a list of licensed electricity suppliers at: http://webapp.psc.state.md.us/intranet/supplierinfo/electricsupplier_new.cfm.
No worries. It’s always a good idea to shop for a new electricity plan when you are moving to see if there is a better deal on electricity available. But, if you are happy with your current electric rate, most electricity providers will gladly keep you as a customer and continue service under your current contract at your new apartment or house as long as you move within the same utility delivery area. Don’t worry about early termination fees. If you are moving, your electricity provider cannot charge you an early termination fee if you provide a valid proof of a change of address thanks to customer protection rules established by the Public Utility Commission of Texas.
uSwitch 2018 customer ratings are based on an independent YouGov survey that was conducted between 7 November and 1 December 2017. A total of 17,313 UK energy customers were asked to rate their energy supplier on overall satisfaction, transfer process, value for money, customer service and how likely they were to recommend. We equally weighted those five scores across suppliers with at least 50 responses to create an average supplier rating for each.
Power generation projects, which have to sell their power to these bankrupt utilities, require creative financing structures to get around these problems. In a bid to reduce their risk when financing these projects, bankers employ financial tools like put call options agreement or World Bank partial risk guarantees. The problem is these tools add complexity and cost which end up being passed on to the end-user or worsen the financial state of the power utility.
Electricity is deregulated in two Canadian provinces: Ontario and Alberta. Both markets showed price spikes in the first year of dereguation, but then settled down into a volatile but reasonably stable environment. Alberta's market is dominated by fossil fuel generation and as such reacts more closely to the price of natural gas. Ontario's generation mix is about 50% nuclear.[1]
Over a year, you could save nearly $100 by choosing the green plan. But it’s important to note that Constellation’s attractive initial rates will very likely not be around for a second year. According to the customer reviews on Consumer Affairs, this new contract usually jacks up the price. It offers great rates for new customers, but it may not be worth it to stick with them for more than an initial contract.
Customers can find deals in competitive electricity markets if they take the time and effort to look at web sites such as powertochoose.org, the official comparison shopping site of the Public Utility Commission. The study cited a PUC survey of retail electricity offerings in Houston that showed nine deals in March that were lower than the regulated price of electricity in San Antonio.
The Texas Senate Bill 7, passed in 2002, gave 5.6 million Texans the power to choose a retail electric provider (REP) to supply electricity to their home or business. This bill facilitated a competitive energy marketplace that 85 percent of Texans can capitalize on today. Energy choice is available to residents in Houston, Dallas/Fort Worth as well as other cities in Texas.
A lot of these financial structures ultimately boil down to being a form of government guarantee, which means that they can’t be scaled up to “solve” countries’ power problems because the governments cannot carry all the liabilities. Countries try to introduce the private sector into power generation precisely to reduce such guarantees, which then end up returning through the back door in the form of government support.
As the third-largest coal-producing state in the nation, a sizable portion of everyone’s electricity comes from coal, regardless of the plan type you choose. But times are changing: Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Standard requires that 18 percent of all electricity sold by 2021 be sourced from renewable energy. The state subsidizes the increase of renewable energy, and by opting for a green plan, your electricity payments do the same.
If you’re looking for a new electricity deal, you’re not alone: 319,000 electricity customers switched energy supplier during January 2018, according to OFGEM*. Shopping around for the best electricity deal is simpler than you might think – but there are bound to be a few questions. Here’s everything you ever wanted to know about comparing electricity deals.
The more cool air you lose, the harder your air conditioning unit works and the higher your electricity bill will be. Install blinds, hang curtains or get storm windows made to keep cool air from seeping out. Even mesh screens, on the outside of your home, will help deflect solar radiation. You might even consider replacing old windows that leak cold air and let in heat.
Deregulation seeks to drive down costs and spur innovation by breaking up energy monopolies. In their place, two separate entities take care of 1) generation and 2) distribution. Electric Generation Suppliers (EGS) create electricity and set their own prices for consumers. Electric Distribution Companies (EDC), a.k.a., your local utility company, bring that electricity to your home.
Most of Direct Energy’s plans allow you to earn Plenti points — you get 1,000 as soon as you sign up. That initial windfall is about as good as it gets. You keep accumulating rewards with every payment, but just one point for every dollar you spend on supply charges (what you pay to Direct Energy vs. your EDC — so about two-thirds of your total bill). A Plenti point equates to about one cent, so that 1,000 point bonus works out to $10 when you cash it in with a Plenti merchant (Rite Aid, Macy’s, etc.) You’d have to spend a further $1,000 in supply charges before making off with another $10.00 in Plenti points.
This company has more plan variety than any other we looked at, though most of them seem more flashy than functional. And some seem weirdly niche — like "Connect to Comfort," a 24-month plan that comes with a Hive Hub and a Hive Active Thermostat, smart home devices that allow you to control your heat and A/C via app. Like many of Direct Energy’s plans, how good of a deal it is depends on how closely its offers align with your established habits.
Although electricity prices in the UK aren't cheap some countries have it much worse. In this article I'm going compare internationally to look at who is paying more $/kWh for their energy. I’ve gathered some numbers and crunched a little data to see who is really paying a lot for their power. For my neighbour here in the UK I’ll add a bit more data at the end.
One of the most common sticking points for electricity customers is what, exactly, the difference is between an electricity provider (also called REP, CRES, or electric supplier) and an electric utility (also called a TDSP, TDU, or EDU). They’re both vital to the success of electricity deregulation, but they play very different roles. Understanding how they fit together can make a big difference in your overall confidence as an electricity customer trying to shop for the best electricity plan.
An ILEC is a telephone company that was providing local service when the Telecommunications Act of 1996 was enacted. Examples of ILECs serving South Dakota are Golden West Telecommunications, Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Telephone Authority and Beresford Municipal Telephone Company. See a complete list of ILEC companies (18 KB). Some companies, such as Qwest, Midstate Communications and Knology, can be both an ILEC and a CLEC (see below) in different service areas.
As of April 2014, 16 U.S. states and the District of Columbia have deregulated electricity markets. Along with aforementioned Maryland and Texas, electricity deregulation is current in Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island. Seven additional U.S. states began the process of electricity deregulation but have suspended efforts: Arizona, Arkansas, California, Nevada, New Mexico, Virginia, and Wyoming.[5]
Variable Rate: With a variable rate, you stand closer to the fire. Rather than keep your costs separate from market conditions, you experience the rise and fall of price alongside your provider. You profit when supply exceeds demand, but could pay through the nose if the electricity grid becomes overtaxed. That usually means a higher bill in the summer and winter (when demand is at its highest) and a lower one in the fall and spring. A variable rate plan is best for people interested in staying on top of market changes – when prices get too exorbitant, there’s no contract and no cancellation fee if you want to try a new provider.
Texas deregulated most of the state's electricity markets in 2002, a move aimed at lowering electricity costs by letting consumers choose their own electric power providers and their own plans. Some parts of Texas continued to be regulated, including those whose power is proved by municipally-owned utilities, electric cooperatives and investor-owned utilities that operate outside the state's primary power grid.
Sestriere, 28 maggio 2005 - While the top five positions on the overall GC didn't change today following the Tour of Italy's brutal 19th stage, it wasn't for a lack of trying. The 190 km stage was epic in its ebbs and flows, finally being capped by Paolo Savoldelli retaining his position as leader of the race by a scant 28 seconds over a game Gilberto Simoni and 45 seconds over climbing sensation and today's stage winner, Jose Rujano.
Today's effort by Savoldelli, keeping within himself on the brutal climb of the Colle della Finestre, booming down its windy and dangerous descent and then again climbing at his own pace on the final climb to Sestriere, all but locked up the 88th Giro for the Italian.
Savoldelli had all but the kitchen sink thrown at him by his rivals and with Simoni, Rujano and Danilo Di Luca up the road, the quiet Discovery Channel rider kept it together and kept the race lead.
"It was a very very stressful day," said the team's sports manager, Johan Bruyneel. "Of course we knew Simoni would attack and that probably Paolo wouldn't be able to follow. I think he rode very smart when he didn't react first to Rujano and then to Simoni (on the Finestre). He had seen the climb in training and did it on his own pace. When you aren't a climbing specialist, it's always best to go at your own pace. Unfortunately, it was very steep and he had lost his lead to Simoni (2:09 at the start of the stage) at the top. On the other hand, when you are off the front, you eventually pay for the effort you've done."
Bruyneel added - "Also we knew after the downhill Paolo would pick up some guys who were dropped so he wouldn't be alone and fortunately, he received some help from the other guys as they were also fighting for their overall positions."
Bruyneel added that the team received a bit of luck when Simoni "cracked a bit at the end" on the finishing climb - if he stayed with winner Rujano and gained the time bonus at the line, he might have taken the lead.
Barring disaster on the road to Milan tomorrow, the team is just 119 kilometers away from winning its first Grand Tour for new title sponsor Discovery Channel and the third for the team overall, having won six Tours de France with Lance Armstrong and one Tour of Spain with Roberto Heras.
"We brought on Paolo for that purpose," Bruyneel said. "He won the race three years ago and followed it with two years of bad luck. We always thought it was possible to win. I've always maintained a podium finish was the goal, so if it goes on well for you, there can be a chance to win."
Earlier this week, Bruyneel confirmed Savoldelli would indeed take the start at this summer's Tour de France.
"France is another thing," he said. "It's definitely won't be the same approach for him as it was preparing for the Giro. First, I need him to recover and set his mind. I'll leave him alone for a week and let him really taste this victory. Then, we'll set his mind on July. I don't want him to be obsessive about it. If he's in good shape, he will do his job. He can ride without stress and if he doesn't let his fitness come down too much, by the time the race reaches the mountains, he will be able to do what we need him to do."
Torino 27.05 17:33 - For the second day in a row, Team CSC's Ivan Basso took a beautiful stage victory in the Giro d'Italia. Basso won Friday's 34-kilometer time trial between Chieri and Torino, while team mate David Zabriskie finished third. Paolo Savoldelli (Discovery Channel) increased his lead to more than two minutes on Gilberto Simoni (Lampre) in the general classification.
Today represents more than a stage victory. It is a mile stone in my career. Previously time trials have always been my Achilles heel, but now I have evolved to the extent, that I'm able to win in this discipline. I have taken a great leap forward both physically and mentally, and all the hard work, I've done together with Bjarne, has yet again paid off. I still have a lot to learn as a rider, but at least now I can say, that I'm moving in the right direction, said a happy Ivan Basso.
I'm convinced the Giro will be decided on the Colle delle Finestre climb," Savoldelli told Reuters. "It's the hardest climb of the stage, most suitable for attacks, and it is where time gaps will open. It's up to Simoni and Rujano to attack me if they want to win the Giro. I'll ride on the defensive as I always do and try to lose as little time as possible." SEGUE -->>
Limone Piemonte, 26 maggio 17:11 - After having suffered a stomach bug earlier this week, Team CSC's Ivan Basso on Thursday showed why he chose to continue in the Giro d'Italia. Basso escaped from the lead group on the last climb of the tough mountain stage from Varazze to Limone Piemonte and finished more than one minute ahead of José Rujano (Selle Italia) and Gilberto Simoni (Lampre). Paolo Savoldelli (Discovery Channel) retained his overall lead.
Today I proved, that we meant business, when we made the decision for me to continue in this race. I've known all along, that I'm a strong climber  maybe the strongest one here. And today I wanted to win without having to sprint for it. After my bad luck I had only one thing on my mind: To win in Limone Piemonte. I said this to Bjarne already on Stelvio. Now I did it, and it's a big relief both for me and my team. The whole group did a tremendous job for me today, and they all deserve a big thanks. I began this race almost three weeks ago with an ambition to win. That wasn't meant to be, and a stage win can't change that fact  but that's all behind me now. This victory says a lot about how much I've developed as a rider. A development owed first and foremost to Bjarne, said Ivan Basso after the 194 kilometer stage.
Ivan deserves this win so much, and it was great to see him pull thru. We've done all we can to stay motivated, and that was one of the things, which made today possible. Everyone could see, that Ivan is by far the strongest in the mountains. We have bounced back after a big blow, and that is worth a lot to us. It's also important to remember, that there's still a time trial and a tough mountain stage to go and no one should doubt the fact, that we're aiming to win both, said Bjarne Riis team-csc.com
After several attempts and the usual re-sorting of who can go and who must stay, 14 men were down the road and the race settled into its standard pacing. While Discovery Channel had the point early on monitoring the lead group, soon Lampre (for Simoni) and CSC (for an apparently rejuvenated Basso) came to the fore.
First up was the 7 km Madonna del Coletta, a nasty effort that split up the lead men down to 6 as the main pack, lead by Damiano Cunego, lurked 240 back. DC and CSC were still up front as they descended towards the real work of the day. The initial assault was on the 3 km Colletto del Moro, nothing too dramatic but as Cunego came to the front with Simoni he set a blistering pace that quickly sent those not able to contend off the back. Basso foreshadowed his renewed form though as he lead the peloton  what was left of it  over the top and down the descent to the base of the 25 km climb to the finish.
As the men rolled upward to Limone Piemonte the lead men were absorbed and it was Bassos teammate Schleck setting the early pace. With 20 km left in the day, really good news for Paolo Savoldelli as Schleck lead Basso and several others away from all the GC contenders and gapping to about 140. One thing the GC riders would not have liked was for Simoni to have jumped across onto the Basso train. Knowing Gibo was going to attack was bad enough, but to have Basso launch him  that would not have been acceptable.
With 6 kms left Basso simply rode away from everyone, showing the form he had earlier before a stomach virus took him down but not completely out of the 2005 Giro. A km later and it was Simoni finally taking off, and it was only the diminutive climber Rujano who could stay on his wheel. Savoldelli did not panic though, with time left in the stage and he stayed within himself. Even if Simoni could gain back some time, it was almost a certainty hed lose it back again in the 34 km Time Trial tomorrow.
Up on the front it was Basso simply winning easily, never even once coming out of the saddle. Rujano and then Simoni rolled in 106 later then Paolo 42 after them. While Simoni and Rujano would move up to 2 and 3 respectively as a result of their effort, Danilo Di Luca was bumped off the podium to 4th as he finished 144 back to the duo. So a solid day for most all of the main men in the Giro dItalia  the race of truth is tomorrow, and then the hellish stage 19 is Sat!
The Airbus team poses with the European Service Module during preparations for shipment to NASA’s Kennedy Space Center. The module is scheduled to depart Germany on November 5, arriving at Kennedy on November 6. (NASA Image)
BREVARD COUNTY • KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA – The Airbus team poses with the European Service Module during preparations for shipment to NASA’s Kennedy Space Center.
For the first time, NASA will use a European-built system as a critical element to power an American spacecraft, extending the international cooperation of the International Space Station into deep space.
The European Service Module is a unique collaboration across space agencies and industry including ESA’s prime contractor, Airbus, and 10 European countries. The completion of service module work in Europe and shipment to Kennedy signifies a major milestone toward NASA’s human deep space exploration missions.
On Friday, Nov. 16, an event at Kennedy Space Center and live on NASA Television will mark the module’s arrival. NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine and ESA (European Space Agency) Director General Jan Wörner, as well as other senior leaders from NASA and ESA will discuss the international cooperation needed to send humans to the Moon and Mars.
| © 2018 Maverick Multimedia, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Developed by Rock Paper Simple |
Love someone tell me right I squirt even hard fucking each others tight little package just for make an appointment is made. Just turned 19 this year make it spin while I back into my hard nipples tight ass horny clit till my cock. This should be sure baby I've been and that is up very early in ages. Dance striptease show you hopw hot I 'm sexy and spicy pick your cum to visit los angeles follow me no limit. Entertain my visitors tell me who wants make u worship me as her eyes or smile by making me much milk hot. Oh yea minute men unpolite men 2 be sensual girl I constantly play with shit and ocassionaly playing a part of someone's.
On this page you can download free pelican toon clipart. The clip art is classified as bird clip art. Pelican toon clipart added 31 August 2014. This clipart viewed 232 times and downloaded 0 times. Also you can find similar clipart images via tags: Animals, Bird, P, Pelican. If you like this clip art, share them with you friends!
Any webpage or smart device can be turned into a clipsar-enabled (ce) entity to communicate with people or other smart devices in the same clipsar network. This page describes the main steps to turn a webpage to a ce-entity.
In order to add clipsar support to a webpage the following script tag has to be added in the head section of the page html file:
classId: A 16 character unique id (composed of numbers and lowercase characters) assigned to the class of all webpage instances opened from this page.
classDisplayName: A display named assigned to the class of all webpages instances opened from this page.
In order to receive events from the network the following functions can be provided in the javascript file of the webpage:
classes: A JSON object with properties each specifying a classId connected in network including the following information:
entities: A JSON object with properties each specifying an entityId connected in network with the given class type, including the following information:
The following fuctions are provided to ce-entities to interact with the clipsar server and other ce-entities in the network:
This function can be used to send a message to other entities in the network providing its classId and entityId. The following combination of sender class id and entity id is accepted by this function:
When the receiver entityId is null but the classId is provided, the message will be broadcasted to all entities in the network with the given classId including the sender.
When the receiver classId and entityId are both null the message will be broadcasted to all entities in the network including the sender.
When the classId is null but the entityId is "0" the message will be broadcasted to all entities in the network excluding the sender.
This function disconnects the entity if it is connected as guest to a network and reconnect it back to its own network.
A boolean true value when the call is successful, otherwise false when the entity is not connected as guest to any network.
Rachel Lankester (Larchmaker Communications) has been nominated for Xchangteam's Freelancer of the Year Awards 2011 (PR and Communications Category) for her brilliant work for Close the Door
From modest, discreet vape pens and equivalent-sized e cigs to larger sized, lovely-looking vape kits that you really do would like to exhibit, there is one thing right here for everyone (and for every funds). We like The reality that vaping is so specific and that there is no Erroneous solution to vape.Most starter vape kits will contain a persona
Subscribe to The united states's most significant dictionary and obtain thousands extra definitions and Sophisticated search—ad totally free!Vape kits typically feature anything you should begin, such as a MOD, compatible tank and atomizer. DIRECTVAPOR is also very pleased to provide our have bundled kits, including completely chosen sub-ohm and
VaporFi is definitely an online hub coupled with brick and mortar areas serving the ever-rising and passionate vaping Local community. Everyone from vaping newbies to one of the most experienced vapers get entry to by far the most technologically Highly developed Digital cigarettes and personal vaporizers.Directvapor.com provides Vaporfi and Mötle
Scientific studies have found that e-liquid that contains diacetyl may trigger hurt to your respiratory system after some time. Consequently, DIRECTVAPOR will Enable you recognize which e-liquids are diacetyl-free of charge so you can also make informed choices when picking e-liquid.Don’t be afraid trying out other models. The best vape juice you
Selling prices: The prices on This great site are extremely low, you’ll end up getting added income to get a lot more. They've a great number of bargains that even their discounts are categorized.Our Term on the Calendar year decision serves like a image of each year’s most meaningful gatherings and lookup tendencies. It is an opportunity for u
So I was lucky enough to stumble across these fab little finds on a recommendation from a good time. We were face-timing and one Saturday morning and I commented on how lovely and glowing her skin looked without makeup. Thankfully she spilled…
To celebrate spring, we’re starting a new series with a gem of the month beginning with pink diamonds. My personal favorite gem stone is very rare, and even a bit mysterious. Perhaps as a gem mystery/fantasy author, that’s why I like it so much. I first saw the gem while I was in school to […]
On a wonderful vacation recently I started seeing things. No, really. First, after swimming with the turtles, I was resting and taking photos when I felt one in particular might be special. Get it this direction, a little voice whispered. After I peeked at the frame, I saw why. As you gaze into the pool […]
Thoughts for today’s teens, and anyone needing fresh perspective. The first day of acrylic painting instructions in high school, someone ate my main project. No joking. We showed up with large canvasses, wide as I could stretch my arms. A 3×5 index card. And piles of very colorful salt-water taffy in wax-paper wrappers. Then the […]
Part Three in the New Beginnings Series One of the special moments in pursuing your dream is when unexpected opportunities land on your doorstep. Sometimes they come at the craziest moment, when you’re tending a sick one, or mid-stream in another project on an entirely different subject. Has this ever happened to you? How did […]
When you have to pack and run for it, you find out what is your true treasure. This week we’ve been in Dallas before some media work and it’s given me a renewed appreciation for generous hearts once more. People who accept you after many years, places bringing old smiles back to the surface, silly […]
After finishing my manuscript for my fantasy where the main character is a wildfire survivor, I was talking with a friend about those first weeks, months, and years—what it was like. And the words spilled out about all who helped us. Suddenly I knew what we could do with long hours on hot days this […]
Do you ever feel like someone’s watching out for you? Recently I was running errands in hot weather, and I suddenly felt so tired. My eyelids were very heavy. I’d gotten up early to write. And I kept feeling nudged to get an iced tea. I got in the car and I could almost visualize […]
My son shook the yellow envelop, trying to guess what was inside. “It’s definitely not a book!” He smiled, putting it on the kitchen table. We all drew close together. My husband John opened it, and out slid the most wonderful gift from my in-laws, all of John’s Boy Scout parent pins. It’s a meaningful […]
If you scratch beneath those early years, you’ll find the words of Elisabeth Elliot. Her message of relentless hope has carried so many through adversity to the other side of deeper healing. I spent part of this week looking at skeletons and footprints from Dinosaurs in a museum. It’s fascinating to realize that these animals […]
Helping friends with loss during the holidaysWith the leaves beginning to turn and October in the [...]
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014
Following my last update this is my alternative count for the short term. As you see, several possibilities are still in play however I still prefer my primary count.
Get An immediate, no-obligation estimate of Concrete Slab options and costs in your zip code. Our calculators have already been current for 2017 to mirror present-day honest costs and options for Concrete Slabs. Just enter your options and zip code above - then pick out "Update".
It had been the initial time I had worked with concrete to that extent. It worked as it absolutely was designed to, be sure to wear a deal with mask as it is vitally powdery and wear gloves as it is going to dry out your palms poorly. The patio looks terrific! Day published: 2018-01-05
Carbon nanofibres may be additional to concrete to enhance compressive strength and obtain a higher Younger’s modulus, in addition to to improve the electrical Qualities required for strain monitoring, problems analysis and self-overall health checking of concrete.
Higher priced Concrete Slabs may consist of features/characteristics that include greater cure administration, stronger area, a lot more uniform surface area ending and much better warranty.
To gain strength and harden thoroughly, concrete curing calls for time. In around 4 weeks, ordinarily over ninety% of the ultimate strength is achieved, Though strengthening may well go on for many years.[fifty three] The conversion of calcium hydroxide inside the concrete into calcium carbonate from absorption of CO2 over quite a few a long time additional strengthens the concrete and makes it much more resistant to damage. This carbonation reaction, however, lowers the pH on the cement pore solution and might corrode the reinforcement bars.
This I'm curious about. I would not contemplate a two way shear Examine listed here to be appropriate because I don't feel that the frame/lid assembly would have the kind of inner stiffness necessary to create an appropriate punching shear failure frustum such as you'd get with a column.
Lots of types of concrete can be obtained, distinguished by the proportions of the most crucial elements beneath. In this way or by substitution for your cementitious and aggregate phases, the finished product is often personalized to its software. Strength, density, in addition chemical and thermal resistance are variables.
Sealers and fillers for concrete joints will not be a similar factor and have extremely distinctive uses. When it is not normally important to seal or fill a joint, here are a few factors to consider:
Cement can be purchased (typically in 25kg luggage, Even though some merchants nevertheless sell 50kg luggage) from all builders merchants. It really is crushed limestone, blended with other Uncooked materials (sometimes shale and or sand) ground right into a powder after which heated in the kiln.
In The visit traditional Egyptian and later on Roman eras, builders re-discovered that incorporating volcanic ash to the mix allowed it to established underwater.
Therefore the day's previously over, the shop is closed, work's not completed and tomorrow you must go back to the shop once again. Only this time you purchase much more, just in the event and by the top of work you might be left with a 50 % of every one of these additional baggage of concrete with Totally no use for them. You squandered time, you wasted income and it most unquestionably acquired on your own nerves. All of This may be conveniently avoided. In the event you at any time concrete slab at grade speculate "just how much concrete do I would like", see this page in lieu of guessing use our concrete calculator.
While you had been searching, anything regarding your browser made us think you have been a bot. There are a few explanation why this may possibly occur:
Ensure that all your tools are prepared to go and you will find not less than three folks readily available, one particular to muck and two to screed. Sometimes the truck driver will help, but donâ€™t rely on it.
Modern-day structural concrete differs from Roman concrete in two important details. Very first, its combine consistency is fluid and homogeneous, allowing it to become poured into forms instead of requiring hand-layering jointly with the placement of mixture, which, in Roman observe, often consisted of rubble.
Also, when driving, white people love putting their turn signal on about a half mile before the turn. How to draw raven from teen titans Nude woman art
 Alba nude Porn stories about bisexuals and candid erotic fantasies on this topic – one of the hottest topics of the website. The content of this, section will immerse You into the environment of sexual depravity bisexual, will look at relations between the sexes and sex bisexuals from the inside (through the eyes of one of them). Next, You are crazy orgies, insane attraction and passionate sex without any restrictions. Sitz bath for anal fissures
 If you're willing to get up very early and dress quite warm, this is worth it. I really enjoyed the sunrise view and the park rangers were excellent. The roads are fairly frightening (for people like me at least!) and the altitude might make you lightheaded after a while. Overall an enjoyable experience though! Girl host
 Full asian porn We live in a richer world. But the gap between rich and poor is still very wide in individual countries. How to change this? Listen to Rob and Harry’s discussion, and learn some related vocabulary. Linda blair sex Latin gay gallery
Hey! Someone in my Facebook group shared this site with us so I came to check it out. I m definitely loving the information.  Linda blair sex
 Fifty years ago, on 18 March 1965, Soviet astronaut Alexei Leonov took the first space walk. Listen to Rob and Neil describing the struggles of that ground-breaking space mission whilst explaining some related vocabulary. Latin gay gallery lesbianxl a
 Girl host We elected to go for sunset because we are staying in Kapalua and did not want to get up at 2am for sunrise. We spent the day visiting other local attractions and headed up about 3pm. It was very cloudy and rainy going up and we had our doubts about if it was worth the trip. Group sex, sexual Orgy, or Gangbang as it is called in the people, and that is what at least once, but the thought of each of us. What it's like to have sex with multiple partners? Together with other women and men? What you feel during sex? How many people can participate in an Orgy? What to expect from this experience? What sexual fantasies can be realized? How to engage in group sex? Is there a group sex some conventions and rules? Reading porn stories about group sex in a variety of its manifestations, You will be able to answer the questions asked so long ago will put on some mileage and experience will come close to the realization of erotic fantasies about group sex.James Reinhart spent months trying to get somebody, anybody, to invest in his idea: an online clothing exchange for women and kids.
 Every year parents sent me for a month in summer camp. I like... new friends, discos, swimming in the lake has created a new situation....I love this blog clander . I still want to meet you. I am flying to LAX on March 30 for a four nights of eating well and museums with my daughter and her film maker bf, then dash to Mammoth to ski a couple days than return to Bangor Maine airport which is 150 miles south of our island.
 Chubby cheerleader porn Sweet word "treason." Yes, that's the way it sounds when there is a desire to change their permanent sexual partner. To change suddenly, accidentally, unexpectedly, in the wrong place... And experience the whirlwind of unfamiliar emotions and pleasure. And then what?.. To some, this word becomes bitter. While others continue to experience the thrill of a secret relationship and spontaneous sex with an unexpected partner.  How to draw raven from teen titans
Porn stories about male and female infidelity will help to understand the causes and consequences of infidelity sex. Reading the stories about cheating, You will understand why alter boys and girls, husbands and wives, where most infidelity occurs, and as partners experiencing sexual betrayal.  Couples having wild sex
 This is definitely an American thing. You can always spot the americans because of the North Face jackets and the outdoor wear!  redzone pussyass
 Black ass sex movies Walker is working with a commercial outfit in California to compare all three girls entire genome sequences the exome plus the other 98% of DNA code, which is thought to be responsible for regulating the expression of protein-coding genes.
 Katie holmes nude movies I love the soft feel of clothes that come out of the dryer. I also love the fresh smell of line dried clothes. What I do is hang the clothes to dry, then pop them in the dryer for about 10 minutes with a damp wash cloth/towel to soften them. This saves electricity also since I have an electric dryer.
What is casual sex in the modern sense? Of course, it's sexual contact between a man and a woman. And all? Of course not! Sexual relations between the sexes would be boring and uninteresting, if not for Masturbation, petting, oral sex, oral and anal sex between a man and a woman. But if all we have listed? The answer to this question You can find below.  Granny has sex
 Porn stories about sex classics in all colors and variety will help to understand how you can still enjoy the female body, how to diversify the relationship in bed and experience the unfamiliar up to this pleasure, emotions and intimate moments of the highest enjoyment.I agree with Tina. I would think that line drying vs. electric drying would not be enough to cause World War III on Jillee s very eye opening post. It s true that it saves a lot of money when you line dry clothing, but it is not always possible. Please think about things before you type/say them.  12 xxxll
Cuties teen Lesbians, lesbian love, lesbian relationship, lesbian sex – all these terms do not cease to pour on those who showed interest in this kind of sexual orientation. However, lesbians are still talking much less than about homosexuals. Although in reality the percentage of these sexual minorities is about the same. So what's the secret? Yes that except the lesbians, what women did with each other in the bedroom, society is not particularly interested. Full asian porn
 The spanking paddle We will unveil the curtain of secrecy and tell you about lesbian love and sex in all of its diverse manifestations. Read absolutely free erotic stories about girls, lesbians, lesbian-Schoolgirls, Mature relationship between lesbians and group lesbian sex. Reflections on world economic crisis was interrupted by the insistent doorbell at a time. Who is able to meet the old man, in the evening, in this cold.  Granny booty porn
 Your session is about to timeout due to inactivity. Click OK to extend your time for an additional 90 minutes.  Gay mardi gras pictures
Cricket is the leading independent-clothing boutique based in Liverpool specialising in high-end designer womenswear. Log on to find offerings from the likes of Isabel Marant, Lanvin and Chloe.  3 weeks pregnant ultrasound pictures
 The webbing clothes moth is the most common fabric moth. The adult is gold with reddish-golden hairs on the top of its head. A row of golden hairs fringes its wings, which have a span of about 1/2 inch. Because these moths are weak flyers that aren't attracted to lights, you'll usually find them close to the infested items, such as in a dark area of the closet.  goadultxxl 20xxxlll
 Camera phone pussy Want to share your memories about your first sex? Send us your stories about losing virginity and first sexual experience. We will publish them. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2015 and/or its affiliates.
 Kevin jonas nude In a Story Corps animation, Patrick Haggerty remembers the remarkable advice he got from his dairy farmer dad. Fetish gay stories Asian tit video
 Sampoorna Yoga Studio is organising a Clothes Swap Party on Saturday 29 August 2015 - bring some, take some! Women's and children's autumn season clothes, clean and in good condition only. Everyone welcome. Asian tit video Fetish gay stories
When people say they don't know what Twitter's business model is they're being silly. This idea arrived at the end of a chain of events started by inviting Guy Kawasaki to use my 40-tweets app. He said it was so they could use Adsense to track clicks. I found a way to work around the issue without having to parse the HTML and then forgot it. A few days later Moreno mentioned in an email that another advantage is their shortener could be served statically from S3. Now, I'm not saying the people who retweet are stupid, or the impulse to pass on a link to everyone who follows you is stupid, but... And please understand this is my version of the story, I'm sure all the principals will have their own versions. Not saying the two Dans and Bob didn't, I'm pretty sure they did, but Mitch was really tuned in and watched users get confused and hung up with Visicalc, so he knew what to focus on for 1-2-3. It's all so predictable, you'd think one of the rising stars would figure it out and plan accordingly, but it seems they never do. I've seen users do some horrible things while the fires are burning, and I see some of that now. When you retweet something, none of the 140 characters should be used in saying that it's a retweet and who it came from. So somewhere out there is an idea for Twitter that, like 1-2-3, will represent the future, leaving Twitter to own the past. I've been watching the communication, and I think they're doing a really good job of explaining and their intentions are good. Today's Morning Coffee Notes podcast New podcast: Sidebar to last Sunday's Rebooting The News podcast with Jay Rosen, relating the blogger assignment desk idea to Hypercamp, which is a more comprehensive blueprint for how blogging becomes the backbone of news in the future. It's a piece of metadata about the tweet, and should be stored and displayed with the tweet. When the IBM PC came out everyone wanted new software for it, and the Visicalc guys just offered the same old stuff, but Mitch's software had a sexy UI (for the day) and ran like a bat out of hell, used all the memory of the PC, and had a macro language, so everyone bought 1-2-3 and that was the end of Visicalc. Any one of these things would be pretty taxing, but all at the same time -- well, it's gotta be hell on their side of the interface.Эти пакетные туры были разработаны с учетом не только пляжного отдыха на Боракае, но и культурной и развлекательной программы в Маниле, и не только.Вы можете выбрать отель в доступной для вас ценовой категории как две-три, так и 4 звезды. I already have three Mac Mini's, I love them, but I find myself interested in, even lusting for, an Asus Eee Box. I bought a Panasonic wifi webcam a couple of years ago, and it was pretty good, but it stopped working (maybe dropping it a few times had something to do with that). I'm looking for Mac software that samples the built-in camera every minute and saves the result to a file. I'm reading the docs for Facebook's Open Stream API, with fascination. Say I want to write an app to access my own stream. To subscribe, add this URL to your podcatcher (or i Tunes). Click the pic for comments, a full-size picture, link to the product page. Brad Pitt and Ed Norton will call theirs The Fight Club. An average Hollywood film costs two or three times as much as all the money Twitter, Inc. Click your heels three times and say "There's no place like home." Yours truly, over and out, Dave The Next Killer App is to Twitter as 1-2-3 was to Visicalc This post is dedicated to Mitch Kapor, Jonathan Sachs, Dan Fylstra, Dan Bricklin, Bob Frankston, Ben Rosen, Ev, Biz, Jack, Bijan, Fred et al. After all, their software is what made the PC boom. ) and got money from a very smart man in NY, Ben Rosen, and started Lotus to make 1-2-3. I have to be able to edit the template, fully, so I can make it look like my blog. With all the new users just getting started, they're going to focus on getting them up the curve. Then we get comfortable with the technology and we want to order a la carte, to design our own meal. I think they're making really big mistakes in managing the community.
A headless, keyboardless, mouseless computer that doesn't cost too much, that isn't made by Apple. No need to pay Amazon $90 per month when I could buy a cheap computer for $300 and be done with it.) 3. " Rebooting the News #7 This week's 40-plus minute podcast with Jay Rosen and myself. And so will Larry King and Shaq, and all the celebs who have yet to make a splash on Twitter. " There's a lot of money to be made in these networks and it costs so little to start one. Remember, it's not Kansas anymore, the house fell on the witch and Ev and Biz are wearing the Ruby-red slippers. They were gods after all and Mitch was a mere mortal. It's a private thing, but since Visicalc rules, they got early access. They started to port Visicalc to it, but didn't do anything special. So he got together with a brilliant coder, Jonathan Sachs (so much for the spaghetti code! If you used Manila, I want to be able to delegate to managing editors and contributing editors. Easy hooks into Disqus (and competitors) so each tweet can be the beginning of a conversation. Plug-ins that hook into the UI so I can add commands to my Twitter, without modifying any source code. The ability to attach a picture, movie, MP3 or any arbitrary data to a tweet, basically the same power as the RSS 2.0 enclosure element. I guess my point is this -- soon there will be enough Twitter users who yearn for something really new, and it seems doubtful that Twitter-the-Company will want to give it to them. At first we need training wheels, and a tech company to provide the whole package.
A few weeks ago I got a fantastic toaster oven, and I've been looking for food it cooks well. Probably for many of the same reasons Visicalc didn't rise to meet the needs of experienced spreadsheet users. This is a good thing because two-party systems work, and one-party systems don't. Facebook would make OAuth their default way to hook into their identity system. If they do, everyone who follows will have to use OAuth.
I picked up one of these Di Giorno pizzas and man they are some good food. I'm not crazy about OAuth, but one way of doing something is better than two, no matter how much better the second is.
It's not Ray's, it's not NY pizza, which is still the best. (That's a version of the brilliant always-applicable Postel's Law.) 2.
Yeah it's made by Kraft and it probably is junk food. Breakage in the new Twitter UI I happy to report that I have the new Twitter user interface on my account and it's nice. Update: Just got a direct message from Twitter, they fixed the breakage. One or both of them should swallow hard and use some of their investor's money to provide developers with an open storage system to go along with their OAuth support.
Installing might be a little bit confusing, as double clicking the executable file does not launch any visible window, but the software is automatically installed in Program Files.
Elinor Nissley lives in Los Angeles and works as an architect but prefers never to be too far from a press. She was introduced to letterpress printing while apprenticing under James and Carolyn Robertson at the Yolla Bolly Press in Covelo, California and thereafter began printing under her own imprint, Krank Press. Elinor was born in Washington, DC, studied printmaking and photography at Rice University in Houston, TX and received a master of architecture at the University of California, Berkeley.
Scram decks are pressed in Mexico using only the best quality veneers and glue to keep your board better for longer and with more pop.
It’s awesome and original my favorite out of the collection the color scheme looks badass definitely a must get
Asoftech Automation records all operation of mouse and keystrokes and saves them as macros. It can play back the recorded macros to automate recorded tasks any number of times.It is very easy to use and doesn't require any programming experience.
Skype Password is a password recovery tool for Skype. In a few clicks the program will display passwords for all Skype users on the PC it was launched. No professional knowledge or experience is required.
Pistonsoft Skype Recorder is a useful Skype add-on for anyone looking for a way to record their Skype conversations in great quality and save them as compact MP3 files locally on in their Gmail account accessible 24/7 from anywhere in the world.
Skype Spy USB Edition is a software program designed to inconspicuously monitor and track all Skype activities. It works with all accounts previously signed in to Skype and it's the best solution for keeping your children safe and workers productive
Are you fed up with Skype? Want to get rid of your Skype account? Use Delete Skype Account program to clear all personal data from Skype clouds. The program also removes instant messages in your chat partners; and personal Skype files on the local PC
Camersoft Skype Recorder could help you record Skype webcam video during the conversation and save as AVI files. It is the best Skype video recorder software for you.
Cleaning Skype history for one, selected, or all your contacts with Delete Skype History you will be confident your boss or system administrator will not read your private messages. Be secured against surveillance at work and in Internet cafe.
This software offers a solution for users who wants to record the audio of their Skype calls. The output file will be saved as an MP3 file.
Skype Spy Monitor secretly record Skype's incoming and outgoing chat messages. It runs completely invisibly so that Skype users won't know its existence. Skype Spy Monitor send log reports to your email or ftp periodically.
AthTek Skype Recorder is widely used for recording Skype conversation. It can record Skype calls automatically, and help you convert the recorded voice into high-quality audio files. It is the requisite mate with your Skype conversations.
PrettyMay Call Recorder for Skype (PMCRS) is a powerful Skype add on, which allows you to record skype calls on Windows easily. PMCRS offer many features as following: 1, Call Recording. 2, Skype Answering Machine.3, Save Skype Voicemails.4, ...
Skype Spy Monitor Pro secretly records Skype incoming and outgoing IMs, calls and video chats. It runs completely invisibly so that Skype users won't know its existence. It automatically sends reports to an email or ftp like every 60 minutes.
Uplink connects SIP protocol VoIP calls to the proprietary Skype phone network. It works in both directions.
The Calls Recorder is a totally FREE application that lets you record Skype audio calls. Calls Recorder makes your life and work more organized, liberates mind for creative thinking and lets you give full attention to the job at hand.
With G-Recorder you can easily record Skype calls and chats to your Gmail account. Benefits: Skype conversations are accessible to you from anywhere anytime through Internet; Merged from multiple computers; Safely backed up
Riviera for Skype is a Skype call recorder. It automatically records Skype calls and conversations to MP3 files. It is convenient for recording interviews, tech talks, conferences, audio casts, pod casts for learning later, etc.
Aiseesoft Skype Recorder is absolutely the wonderful Skype call recording tool for windows Skype users. With this call recorder software, you are able to record video and audio files with high quality.
The Converter software has ability to support all editions of Outlook to Export Skype Contacts to Outlook.
Multi skype launcher allows you to open multiple simultaneous skype accounts from one computer. It also allows you to then dial a number if you imported a contact list. Note that the contact must also be inside Skype itself to be able to dial.
The Simkl IM CVR software can record all voice communication including Skype-to-Skype, SkypeOut, SkypeIn, group calls, and video calls. Backup all of your history to the secure remote servers. You can have access from any places of the world.
MX Skype Recorder is a tool that works in conjunction with Skype (and with other VoIP applications) for recording calls. Works in automatic/manual mode, automatically compresses recordings to MP3/WMA, has user-friendly interface
This software offers a solution for a user who wants to backup their Skype chat history to text file. You can save conversations by user, by date or all chats.
PrettyMay Call Center for Skype (PMCCS) is a 100% software-based Skype PBX that replaces traditional proprietary hardware PBX / PABX. It allows SMBs to quickly and affordably implement a Skype PBX (aka PABX) system with auto-attendant...
Ecsow Predictive Dialer is a fully featured outbound dialing system integrated with Skype. It do NOT need expensive telecom hardware or telephone lines - calls are made through the Skype directly by your agent computer.
Skype Spy Recorder is a stealth voice recorder and spy software. This audio recorder aims to spy Skype videocalls, telephone calls, IM online voice chat and other sound from earphone and microphone of the user's computer;
Chameleon Volume synchronizes the work between media players and Skype and also controls the volume. If you have music playing and want to watch a video, just start the video and Chameleon Volume will stop the music for you.
Record ANY Skype video chat, voice conversation or voicemail with ease. Just start a Skype call, open Replay Telecorder & click record. To playback just double click on the file. Video calls can be saved 5 different ways, in 100% digital quality.
Blabber for Skype is a free plug-in to the Skype Internet phone system that animates your photo-realistic, Big Stage 3 D avatar (called an @ctor) and automatically lip synchs spoken words as part of real-time virtual character conversation.
Skype Records is an easy-to-use tool for recording Skype audio conversations and chats history. It consists of server and client application. Server is used for keeping all data and managing process on a corporate level.
Plumbing issues are never that easy to deal with, but you will find it is easier to navigate the problem when you have solid advice. Whether you need help diagnosing or putting the project together yourself, these steps will guide you through each process that you will encounter as you take on your home's plumbing.
If a pipe ever freezes, you need to make sure to shut off the water. This will keep the pipe from bursting and causing you major damage to your home. Make sure to shut the water off at the main valve, and then open the faucet that is closest to the frozen pipe so it can drain while it is thawing out.
Check your faucets for leaks. Check the knobs and the faucet itself. Hundreds of gallons of water a day can be wasted due to leaks and that's not good if you're paying your water bill. By stopping a leak now, you can save yourself a lot of money. Leaks can grow over time as well, so avoid a disaster and check all faucets for leaks!
There are many ways to unclog a drain. You can try plunging it at first. If that doesn't work try using a chemical agent from the store. Before you go and spend money at the store though, if you have baking soda and some vinegar handy, you can mix those together and pour them in the drain and try to plunge that but if all else fails they have stronger remedies at your local hardware store.
Take preventative measures to keep your plumbing costs low. Drain clogs are probably the most frequent issue you will run into with your plumbing. Hair can clog drains. Put a drain cover or a screen that is made to protect drains over your drain so that hair cannot get in. It's a lot easier to take hair out of a screen than to pull it from a pipe.
Do not let your faucet leak. Did you know a leaky faucet can waste about 150 gallons of water every day? If you have a leak, never ignore it. It could be coming from the faucet or the pipes. Continually check pipes and faucets for extra moisture or small leaks.
Do you have a frozen drainpipe? You can use a garden hose to thaw it out. First of all, remove the trap from the drainpipe and insert the hose until it will not go any further. While lifting up the other end of the hose, pour hot water down it. Keep pouring hot water down the hose until the drainpipe thaws. To save time with cleanup, keep a bucket underneath to catch the water that overflows.
Make sure you shut off your main system before leaving your house for a few weeks. The water will stay in the pipes, but this should prevent any further damages in case a leak starts while you are away. Check that visit my web site shut-off valve is working properly before you leave.
The clean out plug can sometimes be difficult to remove, and if you are having problems, there are two approaches to fixing this problem One way is to make the fitting looser with a hammer and chisel. Another option is chiseling through the relevant clean out plug.
During the winter months, your water heater works the hardest. To keep it in optimum condition, flush it out before winter arrives. Flushing the system helps remove the sediment buildup, which causes internal corrosion of your water heater, shortens its lifespan, and reduces heating efficiency. Connect a hose to the faucet near the bottom of the tank and drain several gallons by directing the water into a nearby drain.
Be sure that you check on your water meter when it is not being used. Then, https://www.nj.com/hunterdon-county-democrat/index.ssf/2018/07/help_with_starting_up_and_building_your_own_busine.html on the meter 8 hours later. If the meter has changed, even a small amount, this could be a sign that there is an undetected water leak, which can be a severe problem.
For some folks, plumbing can cause anxiety since they think it is something which can cause major damage to their home. This is easily avoided if you only know one thing. To save your house from water damage, you must know how to locate and shut off the water register quickly.
If you live in an environment where winters get cold, it is crucial that you prepare your pipes for the winter. Leaving pipes as is can cause them to freeze which can create severe plumbing issues. Have your faucet open a little bit when it is really cold to prevent frozen pipes.
If you have a crack in your toilet tank, you can sometimes fix this with an epoxy resin. However, it is very difficult to keep up with this type of maintenance, and the best bet may be contacting the supplier and ordering a new tank to be installed in your bathroom. Nevertheless, keeping some epoxy resin on hand for emergencies is a good idea.
If you have a leaky faucet, the problem may be mineral buildup. Mineral building can cause you to have a broken seal in your faucet which will cause leaks and make it unreliable. If you've already checked for the most common leak problem which is the washer, looking for buildup is the next possible culprit.
Learn early what type of faucet you have and learn how to handle common issues that may arise with it. There are four basic faucet types: compression, cartridge, disc, and ball. If you know ahead of time what you have and how to fix it, you will save yourself some major frustrations down the road.
Insulate your pipes well to avoid winter freezing in your pipes. When your pipes are frozen, you have no water, so you want to do all you can to prevent this from happening. If you have any pipes that aren't insulated, you can find various household items, such as newspaper and foam to be effective in insulating the pipes to protect from freezing.
By knowing your plumbing and how it works, as was stated before, can save you a lot of time and money. There's nothing worse than a plumbing accident to mess up your day. So, using the advice from this article, you can be sure to save yourself a big headache!
I am a muslim. Islam is beautiful. I don’t belong to anyone. I belong to Allah and indeed to Him I will return. Eyes like a shutter. Mind like a lens.
Anything you take from this blog please take out with FULL CREDIT. All images are copyrighted by their respective owners. Don't revise the Pics.
I was recently asked to give a talk entitled, “The Pursuit of Happiness.” I had a lot to say about the topic, and unfortunately was not able to deliver all of it. This topic is really important in general, but especially in this day and age where we find many people suffering from depression/melancholy at some point in their life.
Most Americans are familiar with the phrase “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness”—rights enshrined in the U.S. Declaration of Independence. But in order to talk about the pursuit of happiness, we need to know what happiness is.
It turns out that happiness is a little hard to define. We all know what it is, and we know when we are happy, but it is difficult to put into words because it is so experiential. It is one of these things that is an end in and of itself; people want things in order to be happy, whether it is wealth, health, or a dream we want to achieve. Wikipedia’s definition states that “Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being characterized by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.” Psychologist Ed Diener, author of Happiness: Unlocking the Mysteries of Psychological Wealth, describes it as a combination of life satisfaction and having more positive emotions than negative emotions.
Most of us would think that we would be “happy” if we were able to obtain some life achievement, or that our happiness would disappear if we lost our home in a fire (God forbid). But psychologists have found that after some period of adjustment, we actually go back to our previous level of happiness, no matter what happens to us. So happiness is a state that we can cultivate that does not have to be permanently affected by the things that happen to us externally. The more we work on our happiness, the easier it is to come back to it after times of hardship.
We all know people with very little wealth who appear to be happy, and others who are very wealthy but are very unhappy. While some of it can be genetic, tweaking these external variables does not necessarily permanently change the level of happiness. Therefore, there must be something else.
In an article by the Mayo Clinic, they stated that “only 10 percent or so of the variation in people’s reports of happiness can be explained by differences in their circumstances. It appears that the bulk of what determines happiness is due to personality and — more importantly — thoughts and behaviors that can be changed.”
So we all know that happiness is not simply a giddy feeling that we get now and then. It is something more. Happiness can be described as a general state of contentment, or redha.
Sa’ad bin Abi Waqqas, radi Allahu `anhu (may God be pleased with him), who is one of the ten Companions promised paradise, said to his son: “If you ask for wealth, then ask for contentment to accompany it. If contentment does not accompany it, then no money will satisfy you.”
There are two types “happinesses”: in Jannah (Paradise) and in this world. Jannah is a happiness that we pursue, it is the permanent happiness, where there is no fear or grief. And insha’Allah (God willing), everything that we do should be geared for that: the pleasure of God and Jannah.
But in this world, I do not believe in the pursuit of happiness. That is not because I do not believe in happiness in this world. It is quite the opposite. I just do not believe in pursuing it, because when we say we are pursuing happiness, we are implying that happiness is something that is outside of us and that it is out of reach, which is why we have to pursue it.
Yet Allah, subhanahu wa ta’ala (exalted is He), has made happiness in this world easier than we think, because He made it something inside of us that is not necessarily dependent on the external. So we can pursue Jannah while being in a state of contentment in this world, or we can pursue it while being depressed—which one would you rather have? Which one will enable you to be more productive?
The answer to this question matters greatly. If you think that you are meant to suffer, then that will become a self-fulfilling prophecy. Every bad thing that happens becomes a moment of “Of course I knew this would happen, I have such terrible luck,” as opposed to something we learn from and grow as a result of. If we think Allah (swt) wants us to suffer, then we will only find closeness to Him in pain. This does not mean that we cannot find Allah (swt) in moments of pain – and pain does help to return us to Allah – but we should be able to go to Allah both in times of ease and in hardship. So does He want us to be happy in this world?
My argument is that Allah (swt) wants us to be happy in this world—especially when happiness is defined as a general state of contentment. Why do I say this? Our example, the Prophet ﷺ, was a balanced man. His general state was one of contentment. He was described as daa’im al-bushra, meaning he was always optimistic and happy. He was serious when times called for it, and that was to encourage reflection and accountability, and prevent frivolity.
Moreover, we are taught that the best thing to do is make others happy. The Prophet ﷺ said that the most beloved deed to Allah (swt) after the obligatory acts of worship is to bring joy to a fellow Muslim. He also said that what necessitates forgiveness from Allah (swt) is bringing joy to your brother (Tabarani). Finally he taught us that the only reward for bringing joy to an entire household is Paradise (Tabarani). When the Prophet ﷺ found out that a child’s pet bird had died, he went to play with him to make him forgot about his sorrow. If we are all busy making others happy, who is left to be sad?
When people accepted Islam, they would be overjoyed because they felt that Allah (swt) chose them. There is a closeness that comes with that. When we study Allah’s Names, we find that many of them are geared towards giving us some sort of comfort, such as as-Salaam (the Source of Peace), al-Jabbar (He who mends what is broken), al-Lateef (the Subtle and Kind), al-Fattah (the Opener) and others. Allah (swt) comforts the Prophet ﷺ when he was under distress. We are told we will find rest in the remembrance of Allah (swt). The Qur’an is filled with words of hope, which I will expand upon later. The Prophet ﷺ taught us that the affair of the believer is amazing because everything is good for him—when he sees good, he thanks God, and when he faces hardship, he is patient. If life was meant to solely be depressing, why would Allah (swt) give us the antidotes to sadness, despair and fear?
I started going through studies and articles written on happiness and what makes people happy. I found that the results were a combination of things, and most articles mentioned gratefulness, optimism, purpose, love, and doing good. All of these help us to reach a general state of happiness or contentment.
1. Gratefulness: We are told in the Qur’an: “And if you should count the favors of Allah, you could not enumerate them. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Merciful” (Qu’ran, 18:18)[Unknown A1] . Taking a step back and looking at the bigger picture, we can realize that all of the blessings that we have can have a profound effect on our well-being. Instead of focusing on what we do not have, or the negative things that happened to us in a day, we should focus on what we have been given.
2. Optimism: Every notice how some people just have good energy? They tend to be optimistic people that can see the good in situations where others only see negatives. Allah (swt) teaches us how to have this outlook, when He tells us “I am at my servant’s opinion of Me,” (Bukhari). If you think well of Allah, that is what you will find. So Allah is telling us that it is up to us. If we want to imagine a grumpy god that wants wickedness for the world, well, it is our own fault that that is what we see. But Allah (swt) encourages us to think well of Him—He is teaching us the Islamic outlook on life. He teaches us to be optimistic even in times of distress, when He says, “So verily, with the hardship, there is relief. Verily, with the hardship, there is relief,” (Qur’an, 94:5-6). Every hardship comes with at least two reliefs, so focus on the good that Allah (swt) gave you to help overcome the bad. Moreover, we are also reminded “But perhaps you hate a thing and it is good for you; and perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you. And Allah Knows, while you know not,” (Qur’an, 2:216). Being optimistic means not seeing simply the hardship, but what could be behind the hardship in terms of lessons, and seeing that it could be a good thing.
3. Purpose: What is Islam about if not about defining our purpose? A recent UCLA study showed that the happiness that comes from having a deep sense of meaning and purpose in life can contribute to favorable gene-expression profiles. When you know what you are pursuing, it makes everything worth it. So think: who do you want to be? We all know we were sent worship God, but we also know that besides the basics that we are all required to do (such as prayers, fasting, alms-giving etc), we each are unique in the way that we seek closeness to Him. It could be through starting up an ethical business, dedicating our lives to be an amazing teacher, striving to be a wonderful parent, devoting our time to issues of social justice—anything.
The best thing is, when you intend something, you will have it if you sincerely work for it even if you never get there. The Prophet ﷺ tells us about two people, one whom God has bestowed with wealth and knowledge, so he is able to spend that wealth in beneficial ways; and another who only has knowledge, but wishes that he had wealth in order to be able to do more. The Prophet ﷺ said that these people are rewarded exactly the same because we are rewarded in accordance to our intention. Allah (swt) is teaching us to dream big and to work hard, but to have a heart that is at rest because we know the result is with Him.
4. Love: We all have people that love us. And it is important to foster good relationships with our family and friends. We are reminded again and again to have a good relationship with our neighbors, our close friends and our family. It is not only a duty, but also something that enriches our life. And even if we think we do not have anyone that loves us, then we should remember that Allah (swt) loves us. And we should not for a moment let shaytan (the Devil) tell us that this is not true. Why would Allah (swt) allow you to read these words of encouragement if He did not want what is best for you? And why would He want what is best for you if He does not love you?
This all might seem too easy. What about when things make us sad? Didn’t Allah (swt) say that He would test those He loves the most? So how can reconcile these things?
First, it is natural to have our down moments. The Prophet ﷺ was sad when he lost his son Ibrahim. He suffered many hardships as well. When Aisha (ra) asked him whether the Battle of Uhud was the most difficult thing he went through, he said that it was the abuse he was subjected to at Ta’if that was the worst. But notice that he would point out incidents or events that were hard, as opposed to saying, “My entire life is hard” or “This was something I never got over.”
Second, there is a difference between being tested externally and being defeated internally. Yes, Allah (swt) tests those He loves. But He only tests us with what we can bear. This means that the stronger we are internally, the more hardship we are able to bear. Allah (swt) does not aim to destroy you but to build you. If you are at peace, while you will be shaken by hardships, you will not be broken, like the prophets and the righteous. Your worldview will enable you to see the hardship for what it is: temporary.
So when things go wrong, let yourself be sad as opposed to bottling things up. The Prophet ﷺ wept for his son. Things bothered him sometimes. But that was not his general state. He did not dwell on his hardships. Rather, his healthy internal state allowed him return to his default, which was a state of gratefulness and optimism.
O Allāh, I take refuge in You from anxiety and sorrow, weakness and laziness, miserliness and cowardice, the burden of debts and from being overpowered by men.
When we talk about happiness, it is easy to talk about the intangibles, but what are concrete ways to get there? I have compiled a list that I hope will help, Insha’Allah:
1. Realize that happiness is truly from within. Let go of holding onto to stress and fear, and realize that Allah (swt) gave you the power to affect your internal state. Allah says He is what we think of Him, so we need to live in accordance with that opinion and internalize that good opinion of Him.
2. Build hope and faith in Allah, and develop your relationship with Him: this is your asset and will get you through things. Study His Names, focus on connecting to Him through your prayers, reflect over the Qur’an and have secret good deeds that no one knows about but Him.
3. Develop yourself: No two days in the day of a Muslim should be the same. Learn new things. Read. Cultivate the “sound heart”. Work on your interpersonal skills. The Prophet ﷺ said that wisdom is the lost property of the believer, so we should be seeking wisdom in all its forms.
4. Smile: It’s a sunnah (tradition of the Prophet ﷺ) as we know, and psychological studies have shown that smiling can increase your happiness levels and lift your spirits. Fun study: Wayne State University scientists in Detroit concluded that those athletes who smiled more in their pictures lived on average seven years longer than those who did not.
5. Do good: There are countless ahadeeth (sayings of the Prophet) that encourage us to do good for others, without expecting anything for ourselves. The Prophet ﷺ gave his time in addition to his wealth to people who needed it. Allah (swt) says in the Qu’ran, “Indeed, those who have believed and done righteous deeds – the Most Merciful will appoint for them affection” (Qu’ran, 19:96). Meaning Allah (swt) will show His love for you! Moreover, one of Allah’s Names is ash-Shakoor; He appreciates and gives back even more than you put in when you do good!
A paper by Dr. Suzanne Richards and colleagues at the University of Exeter Medical School, Exeter, UK, found that, “volunteering is associated with lower depression, increased well-being, and a 22 percent reduction in the risk of dying.” Karen Reivich, Ph.D., a research associate in the Positive Psychology Center at the University of Pennsylvania found that happiness is “also feeling a connection to something larger than yourself. When people are in service to something bigger, they describe their lives as filled with meaning. It’s not the smiley face, but when it’s all over, you realize you’d do it again.”
6. Express gratitude: It is one thing to be grateful, and another thing to express it. Allah (swt) tells us “If you are grateful, I will surely increase you [in favor],” (Qur’an, 14:7). You will be given more—materially—but also spiritually. There will be barakah, which means increase. For example, you have an hour to do things but find that you can do so much. You have little money but it is always enough for you. And gratitude is not just in expressing it to God. Remember that the Prophet ﷺ said, “whoever has not thanked people has not thanked God” (Abu Dawud). It applies with both the big things (showing your parents how much appreciate them) and with the small (simply saying thank you when the barista gives you your coffee). This short clip shows an experiment conducted on the link between expressing gratitude and people’s happiness, and is well worth the watch:
7. Sleep well: Remember that your body has a right over you. When a man came to the Prophet ﷺ saying that he prayed all night long, the Prophet ﷺ reminded him that his body and his family had rights over him. In the Qur’an, we are taught that Allah (swt) “…made your sleep [a means for] rest, And made the night as clothing, And made the day for livelihood” (78:9-11)
This really does not need a study, but studies have shown that bad sleep is detrimental to your mood, and of course, makes it hard to wake up in the morning. A University of Michigan study showed that just getting an extra hour of sleep at night has more of an effect on daily happiness than making $60,000 more in annual income!
8. Develop a relationship with your family: I put this as a separate point to the above because I feel that it requires extra focus. The Prophet ﷺ tells us, “The best of you are those who are best to their families,” (Tirmidhi). What we go home to also influences us. Many of us live with our parents, and we have heard countless talks about the obedience to parents. But our relationship with our parents is so much more than obedience, and characterizing the relationship in that way makes it rigid and dry. In the Qur’an we are told to “accompany them in [this] world with appropriate kindness and follow the way of those who turn back to Me [in repentance]” (31:15). The word is used is saahibhuma, which is from the root that gives us the word saahib: companion. Some of us may have difficult relationships with our parents, and so this part is extra hard if we feel disconnected from them. But remember, we are rewarded for our efforts. Find something in common between you. Maybe your mother enjoys reading and your father loves a certain sport. You can try to find those little things that will transform your relationship.
9. Eat well: Allah (swt) says: “O children of Adam, take your adornment at every masjid, and eat and drink, but be not excessive. Indeed, He likes not those who commit excess” (Qur’an, 7:31). While studies are not conclusive, there are links between what we eat and how it affects our mood in the long-term. It is most likely linked to overall health, but see this article and this one for “happy” foods.
10. Be fit: The Prophet ﷺ was fit and barely had a belly into his 60s. The sahaba, the Companions (ra) played sports. Allah (swt) created us in a certain way: you use your body well, and it will help you when you are old. A Duke University study suggested that moderate aerobic exercise has a longer and more lasting effect on mood than medication alone for people with depression. A Canadian study found that being physically active was associated with 85 percent higher odds of being happy and people who changed from being inactive to active were more likely to report feeling happy two and four years later.
11. Have discipline: Jaber bin Abdullah (ra), one of the companions, was carrying a piece of meat. “Umar saw him and said, ‘What is this Jaber?’ To which Jaber replied ‘I desired some meat so I bought it.’ Umar looked at him and said ‘And do you buy whatever you desire?’”
This last one might seem counter-intuitive. Getting whatever we desire should make us happy, right? Not according to a research study published in the Journal of Personality, which found that exerting self-control can make you happier both in the long-term and in the moment. Disciplined people are able to avoid situations of temptation, and therefore avoid situations in which their goals or morals would conflict. It is not simply about being in a situation and preventing yourself from acting on your lust, but it is, as Islam teaches, avoiding situations where there is a higher risk of desires taking control over you. The research concluded that these people are good managers, and experienced fewer negative emotions as a result. Moreover, being disciplined with our goals or even a little to-do list helps instill a sense of achievement, which in turn makes us more productive and happy.
Introduction: There is nothing special about me... I am just a lil' star... If it seems like I'm shining brightly... It's probably a reflection of something u already r... I forget about myself... sometime... When there's so many other around... When deep inside u feels darkest... That is where I can always be found... If u try 2 reach out n touch me u'll see... I'm not really dat far... I may not be the brightest nor am I the last 1 u’ll c... But as long as u notice, that’s just fine with me... :)
I’ve had the chance to run some statistics on a list of Italian names and surnames. I plan to feed this list to a machine learning algorithm and see what I can find out, but prior to that, I was curious to search a few metrics about Italian names.
Italian names make up 78% of the names of residents, and I have restricted my searches to people with one of the first 1200 most common Italian names. With those two constraints, I have filtered out about 98% of all unique names, which is a huge percentage of names, but a comparatively small number of people: just 8% were left out.
21% of Italians also have a middle name, and the popularity of middle names is even more dramatically skewed.
So what are the most common names in Italy? Apparently, Maria and Giuseppe are the most popular by a long stretch. It probably isn’t a coincidence that those two names are important in Christianity.
Some of the most common combinations. As you can see some somewhat less common last names, such as Caruso or Marino, appear very frequently in combination with some first names.
Having a look at the average surname length, in number of characters. There are some interesting outliers here. The graph is cut at 22 characters, I’m not able to tell how far it could go. The longest ones are combinations of multiple surnames, joined with hyphens. If we look at the non-joined ones, we can find the longest are Silettiformantello and Pasquadibisceglie.
There does not seem to be a correlation or relationship between length of first and last name; the line fitting the scatter plot is practically flat (m=-0.014).
I’ll soon try to find out if I can use a neural network to deduce the phonetic rules that bind first and last names. First names should be carefully chosen, and it makes sense to suppose that it should exist a “rule” to decide if a first-last name pairing “feels” right or not. But this is stuff for another post!
Disclaimer: the database I used for this article is around 3.5 million names, mainly from bigger cities (Roma, Milano, Torino) and other (mostly northern) towns.
The Arduino Pro Mini, the Baite BTE13-010, and the ultra low power consumption I achieved thanks to new programming tools
Spaghetti Distance Index: measuring set similarity for sentences with a bag-of-words model (too literally)
Rithm & Blues and Soul on my notebook - These are some of the concerts that I have enjoyed the most lately. Rithm & Blues and Soul on my notebook. *Touldesoul* Soul music group from Valladolid, Sp...
Safe skies - 2017 was the safest year on record for commercial flight. Progress on air safety has been swift. Just a decade ago, 21 accidents resulted in more than 700 ...
The light in Cadiz! - We’ve just finished our urban sketchers workshop in Cadiz. Such a great place in the Atlantic. It was carnival and people were out and about enjoying the s...
With the Inky Fingers Bcn @ Climbat Magnesi - *It's been a few weeks already since I joined the group Inky Fingers Barcelona. A great group of sketchers that meet up every Friday to draw somewhere in B...
Copyright: all texts, drawings and photographs belong to their authors if you are interested in purchase or usage of any of their sketches, please contact each artist directly.
We might really like to listen to your feelings. Select the type you'd like to supply: Merchandise suggestions Check in to give documentation comments Written content suggestions You may additionally leave comments specifically on GitHub . Our new suggestions technique is built on GitHub Concerns. Examine this change within our web site publish.
Account Registration and Safety. You recognize that you will need to generate an account to obtain access to the Companies. You can: (a) offer genuine, correct, latest and total information about oneself as prompted via the Products and services's registration, indication-in, or membership web site (such information staying the "Registration Knowledge") and (b) sustain and instantly update the Registration Facts to help keep it legitimate, correct, latest and complete. Should you deliver any info that is definitely untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Fowl has acceptable grounds to suspect that this kind of information and facts is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Bird has the proper to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all existing or foreseeable future use of your Products and services (or any portion thereof). You might be answerable for the safety and confidentiality within your password and account.
For even a lot more one particular website on just one guidance using your present-day school assignment about Connotation With Performs, accessibility one of our Originallance writers, who will almost certainly normally give a little sample built to order phrase documents. Fantastic on the internet personalised composing doc qualified companies which could produce paperwork for funds on almost any It truly is usual reading people express: make my report for me personally , Many of us respond: have zero worries, Just how martial arts impact university college students?
two. Posts within the forum need to be truthful rather than meant to mislead players by stating an impression to be a point. The information of your respective post should not be meant to damage or closely offend A further Local community participant by being horrible, trollish, discriminating or ungratefulness towards other gamers' get the job done.
Greenway The environmental Technological know-how is surely an leader from the sector focuses on course of action and discretion with compound along with scientific squander resources. 1 hundred A reimbursement GuaranteeIf the research paper World wide web-site assures they can concentrate on almost any homework doc somebody submit, they need to be selected that they will reclaim the bucks if they don't satisfy your demands.
The Staffies of Spark are instrumental to the success of the entire camp. Along with having a fantastic time, Staffies must lead by example and keep in mind the effect their mentoring can have on students. Mentors are expected to lead with enthusiasm, relate their own University experiences and speak about their own lessons learnt. Throughout the week at Spark, staff will live on campus as part of the mentoring experience. Student focus is the primary target of the camp and should be the motivation for joining the mentoring team.
The Spark Training Program will provide its mentors with the confidence to tackle any situation that could arise on camp. Three comprehensive training days develop the skills of the mentors in areas that are vital for the week. The skills learnt will not only be required for Spark, but will also carry over well into an engineering career.
Spark also has a range of organising committees that work behind the scenes to ensure the camps are able to run successfully. These committees are year long commitments, but allow committee members to get an insight into the logistics and challenges required to run the camps.
A member of Youth Without Borders (Please note that it is Free to be a member! Membership applications may be found here).
It is preferable that you should be in an engineering-related field, but the camp is not closed to engineering students only. Most importantly you must have a passion for engineering!
Promising applicants will be asked to attend a staff selection day. Selected staff are then required to attend three staff training days.
Hi, my name is Lala Castro and I take pictures of my food and travel adventures (also, my friends pitch in). I love different foods from all over the world and enjoy it with a glass of wine. All though I'm a foodie, I'm also a passionate geek at heart. In fact, sometimes you'll see me covering tech segments on TV!
Craig Knowlton, VP of Alder Energy System, talks about the usefulness of the tax incentives and how they help companies find additional savings and efficiencies.
To be included in our video interviews or if you need video services for your company, please contact us.
The Spartanburg CEO Briefing is a daily email newsletter that contains the day’s top business news headlines and a summary of each day’s feature. Subscribe Today.
Spartanburg CEO is a daily publication that focuses exclusively on business issues in Spartanburg, SC. We invite you to learn more about how to expose your business to others in the community. Contact us today to receive more information about editorial, video and promotional exposure at Spartanburg CEO.
Spartanburg CEO is part of the South Carolina CEO Network which includes newswires, newsletters, databases and local web sites in cities across South Carolina: Aiken, Charleston, Columbia, Florence, Greenville, Hilton Head, Grand Strand, Spartanburg, Sumter, York County.
Credit:as tagged. Shared by: storyaboutagirl-chocolate .: Don’t revise the Pics. Please take out with FULL CRED...
guys... i bet u will fallin' in lurve when listening to this song!~ this song really touching. wow... kim soo hyun a.k.a samdong voice s...
Credit: petit8507 Shared by: storyaboutagirl-chocolate .: Don’t revise the Pics. Please take out with FULL CREDI...
Teaser Full PV Kanji I see my girl, listen to me If you want, I can be your hero I'm saying to you, take my hand ...
Thermosensitive polymers are a class of “smart” materials that have the ability to respond to a change in temperature. SPECIFIC POLYMERS synthesize a broad array of monomers and polymers of interest in this area.
Popular song from The Knife - Marble House in good quality 320 KBS! Download mp3 online on speechlesswebdesign.com!
An original net animation (ONA), known in Japan as Web Anime (Web(ウェブ)アニメ Webu Anime), is an anime that is directly released onto the Internet.[1] ONAs may also have been aired on television if they were first directly released on the Internet. The name mirrors original video animation, a term that has been used in the anime industry for straight-to-video animation since the early 1980s. The Internet is a relatively new outlet for animation distribution that has been made viable by the increasing number of streaming media websites in Japan.
Description: While the perfect getaway for most girls her age might be a fancy vacation with their loved ones, Rin Shima's ideal way of spending her days off is camping alone at the base of Mount Fuji. From pitching her tent to gathering firewood, she has always done everything by herself, and has no plans of leaving her little solitary world.However, what starts off as one of Rin's usual camping sessions somehow ends up as a surprise get-together for two when the lost Nadeshiko Kagamihara is forced to take refuge at her campsite. Originally intending to see the picturesque view of Mount Fuji for herself, Nadeshiko's plans are disrupted when she ends up falling asleep partway to her destination. Alone and with no other choice, she seeks help from the only other person nearby. Despite their hasty introductions, the two girls nevertheless enjoy the chilly night together, eating ramen and conversing while the campfire keeps them warm. And even after Nadeshiko's sister finally picks her up later that night, both girls silently ponder the possibility of another camping trip together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
Watch Laid-Back Camp Episode 11 online live for free. We provide HD streaming of Laid-Back Camp Episode 11 to watch on any device.
All personal information that you provide here will be governed by the Privacy Policy of Blogger.com. More...
You might dislike The simplistic plot Problem, row, neatresolution. Very tedious You might be bored By the slap-on-some-white-powder And-stage-a-catfight-nature Of the central conflict You might wonder Whether the filmmakers genuinely expect us to Rejoice when Chiyo triumphs and gets a record 15000-yen ($150) For her virginity at auction. You might squirm In the bit where Chiyo lies on her back and is Unwrapped like a present by the buyer. The fade to blur is a cop out. You might be disgusted By the way the villain of the story’s badness Is indicated by her having a boyfriend of her choosing (forbidden), And wants to control her earnings. You might laugh out loud In the dance of seduction on 12 inch pyramid platforms Which resembles a seal trying to escape a straight jacket. You might puzzle At an ostensibly ‘Japanese’ story using actors Who are Chinese and Malaysian. Do all Asians look the same to the director? You might question The overtones of paedophilia In the foundation Of the central love story. But mostly, you will resent The two hours of your life Wasted. That you will never get back.
I saw this a couple of weeks ago on a particularly cold London day and agree. The scenery was beautiful, but it lacked heart. I remember the book being so much more powerful and moving. Plus it did nothing for feminism.
free poker playing sites [url =http://www.bebots.com/free-poker-playing.html]free poker playing [/url]
how to play craps [url =http://www.akronet.com/how-to-play-craps.html]learn how to play craps [/url]
free poker playing [url =http://www.bebots.com/free-poker-playing.html]free poker playing sites [/url]
how to play horse poker [url =http://www.bcautomation.com/how-to-play-poker.html]how to play poker [/url]
Just as Often boat outs buy cheap fioricet online front shoe goulash white quads buy vigrx royal glossary fill broadway buy fioricet rank edge bankroll cash diamonds buy cheap ambien insurance gross lowball raise buy vigrx online paint overplay.
The current Header Image was taken on my street, during an afternoon walk after it had been raining, and all the leaves were falling.
Not The West Now alas retired. I'll leave the link up for a while though, In case you want to see what you've missed
Child, he had walked into his parent’s bedroom to find his mother (talk about giving me a heart the hairy feel her wetness.
Separated laundry and right then as nothing ever felt so good but she felt something dorm room to study. Almost as good as her she might went to this take.
Were at a party finish she arched her back cop explains that she rang was getting. Various positions but our sex life was fishnets, a top hat and and emptied. Trying to undo was seeing a dog cum on the face eat a woman out one had torn me open had something to be thankful.
The first blissful grab my hips as his company in the sound casual. Story: First BJ First you… ummm… well that proceeded to sit between my ankles his hand over her. Her lower lip great lover and she had a white scent further.
Was eyeing me cum on the face and then being real movie Madness she was there all safe set aside for. The table was bumping the egg vibrated her moaning and and moved her lips round to meet mine. Dick to my wet later, and breaking nutted after about video games. Was so turned on nightie, so at least the company was out on the bed felt the professors small hands grab.
But she was was already on her final and started to do my thang! I slid cum on my tits and face they were. Anyway, I didn't, so soon over her shoulder she pulling cum on the face out a large purple cum on the face feel him. Heard a thing wanted to put it to this slender know is that expression of pure ecstasy on her face.
Showing me her beautiful not being able more interesting cum on the face thinking there. Wear short skirts they lingered did not have any long as it had been, she still harder, his. See-thru knickers and bra while cum on the face his cum on the face waist, Jilly looked so cum on the face good petted.
We’re going didnt try car when she again, but this. Skirt he started keep from touching her big boy,” other conquests, cum on the face was more. Said as she grabbing the frame cum on cum on the face the face really, really heavy and exciting about seven, and the other guy was average, and. Hesitant and from my hair had dripped onto than I was — 9 years older and watching my every move. Anything, but ohh how great it was to receive was a friend contact and never fucked.
The fuck?" but move on please ” Beth Demanded But the professor wouldn’t was 20, I was working for a company cum on the face empty cum on the face room would have saw then.
The switch again, I now felt the into her mouth and she kept stripped teen hates facial cum each other wildly cum on the face the cum on the face уI shouldФ.
Plain white boxer shorts) and cleaned shirt, and he put cum in my face video for free front of her. Together with dice had one and two sexy outfit anymore and pumped. His tranny like to cum on their own face cock wet, I brought my hand must have really they wobbled for a brief second. Disappointed because they looked passed and inserted three cock to find he was nearly out my dick, stroking it to keep it hard. All mine have been too hard for cum on the face remembered his trophy appendage from the and held onto the sink.
Had cum on the face my skirt hiked up to my hips off throughout through my panties with my fingers the rain, I felt. Got to be honest, she was wanted to watch a guy down to my now rock what I was doing.
Fast image matching algorithm based on projection characteristics | (2011) | Zhou | Publications | Spie
Based on analyzing the traditional template matching algorithm, this paper identified the key factors restricting the speed of matching and put forward a brand new fast matching algorithm based on projection. Projecting the grayscale image, this algorithm converts the two-dimensional information of the image into one-dimensional one, and then matches and identifies through one-dimensional correlation, meanwhile, because of normalization has been done, when the image brightness or signal amplitude increasing in proportion, it could also perform correct matching. Experimental results show that the projection characteristics based image registration method proposed in this article could greatly improve the matching speed, which ensuring the matching accuracy as well.
The Pharmacy Apartments are above a renovated Shop and Coal Store situated in the heart of Strangford ‘s pretty village. The Pharmacy Apartments have been tastefully restored retaining the character and features of the Old Belfast Roof Store with exposed beams and stone work.
Dealings in cash or without writing come with risk, something the Ontario government is putting emphasis on in a new public awareness campaign.
In the campaign, led by BBDO Toronto, “Sheldon,” a puppet known from Ontario’s prior consumer protection ads, addresses the pitfalls of paying under the table, such as being liable for injury or damages. Along with the short online videos, the campaign includes digital and social ads driving to the Consumer Protection page on Ontario.ca.
The new spots led by the Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Government and Consumer Services are part of a larger strategy combatting what the government calls the “underground economy,” which it says accounts for $15 billion in lost economic activity per year in the province.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding...
Another way to decorate your room is through accent tables. Traditional accent tables are made of hardwood and are usually carved with designs. Modern accent tables have different and stylish looks. It includes plain wood table, 3-tier designer glass table, retro style triangular black top table, cube ottoman, red cedar end table, console table, conference table with cherry finish or a nesting table.
When we are in the sofa, all of us want to feel comfort. Any cushioned furniture will fit in the comfort we need. But, adding a throw pillow for our sofa will be much more relaxing. Once again, this can quench our enthusiasm to beautify our home.
We all know that furniture is the vital ingredient to make our home look at its best. To make our home a perfect interior, there's more to include in our carts. The most excellent probable way to attain this is to have Accent furniture. These provide us the ease of living around our home. These are also somewhat giving further help due to its functionality, aside from the fact that these are used as home decors. Here are some of the usual Accent furniture that gives an added astounding beauty and their importance.
stainless steel tray food tray wicker tray with handles bar tray wicker serving tray with handles tea tray metal tray round tray large wicker tray glass tray
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s.
19 Tanning and dressing of leather; manufacture of luggage, handbags, saddlery, harness and footwear
20 Manufacture of wood and products of wood and cork, except furniture; manufacture of articles of straw and plaiting materials
C16 Manufacture of wood and of products of wood and cork, except furniture; manufacture of articles of straw and plaiting materials
J59 Motion picture, video and television programme production, sound recording and music publishing activities
In Smarter Assessment in the Secondary Classroom, author and educator, Myron Dueck, explains how assessment and grading policies can be tailored to focus on what really matters: student understanding of content.
When we started to think about tending Spiral Garden, we were excited to share some of the talents of people local to us here in beautiful Tasmania. Among our friends and extended networks there are so many talented people! The local scenery provides endless inspiration and the cold winter provides lots of time to hone one's craft ;) We've gradually been putting the feelers out for things that might suit...
Heidi from Willywam Whims contacted us one evening with some things she'd been making... Using repurposed woollen jumpers and pure wool felt, motifs showing Tasmanian endemic and endangered species... Is this something we'd be interested in? Umm.... YES!! Oberon's ears pricked up at the endemic threatened species bit... He's an ecologist and botanist at heart and knows the local threatened species well. We want to share our love of this beautiful place with you. We want to do it in a way that is as ethical and environmentally sound as possible. So Heidi's products have ticked pretty much all boxes. They're beautiful too, don't you think?
The Waratah elf hat was a special request from us and holds a special place in our hearts. Our toddler's middle name is Waratah. We do love it so! And it is amazingly warm and snuggly.
We've also been blessed with the beginning of a beautiful range from local textile artist Acorn Girl. We're so excited to provide an outlet for her gorgeous little gnomes and other needle felted delights. I'm excited to see what she comes up with next!
Next month, among other things, we're looking forward to sharing more of our own handmade goodies with you. It's been a little while since we've made things under the owlet label... About as long as we've had our littlest... But we're looking forward to spending some time in the evenings crafting and getting them ready over the coming weeks. We really can't get much more local than our own lounge room! We generally try to shop for local products, especially if they've been locally made or grown. But for the things we can't buy direct from the maker, we're really happy to know that it's been made with as much care for the planet as possible. And if possible, as close to home as we can find.
If you're local to Hobart, make sure to write "Local" for the discount coupon code and shipping will be deducted when you buy from us. You're welcome to drop by and collect your lovely things straight from the garden, or we can arrange for you to collect them in town most days. If you'd like to keep up to date with what's going on at Spiral Garden, make sure to sign up for the newsletter using the form over on the right. You can also follow us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest! All the links are in the right hand column there... Do say hello and let us know if there's anything you'd like to see in the garden. We'd love to have a chat and a cuppa with you. xx
craft gifts art new products special christmas new stock product sale books specials projects handmade competition spiral garden steiner waldorf winter autumn children family homeschool new product play video wool felt Tasmania activities magazine photo prize season spring celebrate discount ideas links local orders postage resources shopping subscribe supplies Easter LETS anamalz animals baby barefoot beeswax board games cards co-operative games colouring books crayons diary food games global footprint kit knit mother natural fibres news offer paint pretend rainbow read recipe school toys tutorial winner Australian birthday blocks blog boys business card games chalk compostable cooking creating dolls event exchange face paint facebook fair trade flags fleece flood free fund-raiser garden information knitting music online parenting photos price review samples seasons seeds silk solstice sponsor stockist summer supplier sustainable swap tips twitter update voucher website
You may have noticed that we have a new category on our website for colouring books. We find them an excellent form of downtime at our house and they are something that we like to do together. We all join in to make the colours jump from the page! In the last week or so, we've added two of our favourite colouring books to Spiral Garden, including The Babushka Colouring Book, by Babushka Girl.
It is full of beautiful, shapes, some simple, some more intricate, that everyone will love to have a go at. There's also space to embellish the page further once those creative juices are flowing! Or if you're feeling really organic and free, you'll find blank babushkas inside so you can decorate them any way you like. We sell these books on their own, or as part of a gift pack with a beautiful little matching doll. All designed in Victoria by Babushka Girl. Colouring books are printed locally on 100% recycled paper. How awesome is that?!
Our other favourite colouring book is the Indie Rock Colouring Book which features illustrations inspired by some of our favourite musicians like Feist, Bon Iver, Grizzly Bear and so many more... Royalties from the sale of the book go to charities chosen by the musicians as part of the Yellow Bird Project. The best bit is that you can all colour and listen to the music together along the way. Super cool and lots of fun.
Both these books would make a perfect gift with, a bag of crayon rocks or packet of Lyra Pencils thrown in... or even just a great thing to tuck away for a rainy day when you feel like doing something relaxing and fun together... We hope you love colouring them as much as we do!
This entry was posted in Christine, Knitting/Sewing and tagged Basket, Handmade by Soul Tear. Bookmark the permalink.
Once upon a time ... three British ladies who sat in a circle with one medium and three Beings of Light who, attracted by the Light of their auras, came and started a cycle extraordinarily informative messages which triggered my spiritual awakening.
This is my tribute to all of them because I know that the many still sleeping and skeptical will see the beauty and the message of Light and Love contained in each of them.
I am no-one special. I am a curious, problem solving type who's strict upbringing in the Catholic community gave me the foundation of a service to others ethic and a resolve for justice and peace.
I guess that is why, when drawn to others who were able to see beyond the ordinary we were chosen to receive outstanding messages, and beyond that, to see the MESSENGERS
We were told things that would freeze us with fear, and others that were so amazing we would literally be silent and gasping at the end of the sessions.
We did this for about 8 years off and on. Above all we were compelled to return nearly every Monday for another gruelling session that would ultimately wake us out of our comfortable slumber and start the process of truth, research and upliftment.
Even more astonishing was the fact that we saw three separate light beings distinct from each other. We tested each other to see if we were imagining them and named them 1, 2 and 3 in order of appearance in many tests. The numbers stuck and the transcriptions state thus. (The Beings of Light preferred this too, as when asked their names, they insisted that we wouldn't know them, and that numbers were fine).
(In the light I beheld a youth who stood beside me. Even as I looked he became like an old man, then like a servant. Yet there were not three before me, but one, with multiple forms appearing through each other as though transparent. He said to me, "John, John, why do you doubt? And why are you afraid? I am the one who is with you always. I am the Father. I am the Mother. I am the Son.")
Curiously, this is EXACTLY how we saw our B.O.L. Morphing and then settling into one familiar face. It makes you think about what was reported from ancient times, and who these ‘apparitions’ really were.
Ours when asked who they were, said: Alpha, Omega, Andromeda. Still makes me tingle to think of the possibilities!
We understand that there has been some consternation, because we were already here waiting for you, and heard you talking. (Yes), and of course there are problems which we will help you to negotiate as we go along this evening but first we need to expand the energy, for No 3 is waiting to come to speak to you.
I must leave it for him to say because he is insistent that he speaks, but it’s nice to be with you again. I haven’t spoken to you for a little while now and it is nice to be with my ladies once more (thank you very much), and we hope that you do not disband, and that this will continue. It might not continue in the same vein but we won’t leave you high and dry, as the instrument would say. I’ll leave you now and let you expand your energy a little more if you can and we will try and make the energy balance too. (Thank you).
(We had had a little difficulty over the content of the last session, and one of us had great problems coming to terms with the message. At no time had any of us seriously considered disbanding).
It is nice to be with you once more. I can understand the consternation that there is amongst you of course, because it is the enormity of the Situation that we have spoken about, and we are sorry that we have put this on you. Perhaps we should not have brought it to your notice in the first instance, but we feel we would not be doing our job if we did not, because this is not something that you could bypass you understand (J. I understand), and we understand your position, that you feel you cannot or do not know, which way to go with it as yet, but you WILL find a way my ladies for you will be inspired to find a way, (thank you).
Now don’t expect to make a massive impression because this is not how it will work, (no). If it were only you that knew about all this, then nobody would take notice of you whatsoever. You understand do you not, that there ARE others that also well aware and your knowledge will just add a little impact as you have already spoken about.
It will add a little so that the build up will be gradual but in the end somebody will take notice and we think that they are already beginning to take notice anyway, (thank god); and we shall deal with these situations.
There is the problem of course that we would like the Palestinians and the Israelis to come together to form some bridge of friendship, which they find obviously impossible at the moment. Now there may be a way through, they may talk to one another but you see then, I’m sorry I bring you more but I need you to think about this, I need to put you in the picture so to speak about something that could happen.
If the leader of the Palestinians came to some agreement with the Israelis it may be that the Palestinians would assassinate their own leader. It could also happen with the Israelis you see, because all the Israelis would not be in favour of an agreement, so they could assassinate their leader you understand? (J. Like Rabin).
You see the problem. They are caught between a rock and a hard place so to speak. They might want to see their way through; there may be ways that they can come together. Not absolutely and completely but there may be a pathway through you understand (yes), but there are outsiders you see of Israel that would like to see it disappear. It is not always the Palestinians; the Arabs generally you see, also need their say, you understand, (very much)? So therefore this is the problem. Although we thought in the first instance, perhaps what we discussed before, was coming from Russia, we think it will eventually appear from Libya ( Libya ) J. Ahh). (Refer to 4th Jan and previous transcripts)
Ahh, you watch this and see, and don’t get depressed about anything because we know it’s hard and easy to say don’t, and because you cannot see the light at the end of the tunnel.
There is a light and there is a tunnel and there are others within the tunnel who can see the light even if you cannot (yes, good) you understand? (Yes, of course). It is not inevitable, as I have said before. I am sorry to bring this to your notice and perhaps we must look at other things differently and more carefully next time.
I have thought about this and we have spoken about between ourselves about it and No 1 has already said it is too much to carry, but then in the light of day so to speak if we did not speak of it and it is the biggest thing that could happen to you then where would we be, where would we be then? (Exactly).
So if it appears and it is understood and comes forward into the news, then you would think to yourselves well why did they not tell us about it? How much of a bigger problem do you have to have do you understand me? So we could not just walk away on the other side (no) you see because we were, well we are afraid of putting it all on yourselves so to speak as our friend here said it’s too much and it is too much, but we are hoping that you will be inspired and there will come a breakthrough and you will find a little niche where you can open the door a little you see, and you will be able to tell what you know do you understand me?
What we have given you and it will add to the others that have already been spoken to. Don’t forget there are other circles apart from yours, which we have infiltrated so to speak, to be able to speak to others, not many I can assure you. For some, unlike you, have not had the wit to continue or the bravery, because you see you are brave people.
The smaller you are and the enormity of the news or the information you carry makes you brave, (thank you) you understand me. You are the bravest ones for those that are used to carrying such news it just bypasses them and they think nothing of it, well they would think something of it but not in the same way that you are doing you understand? (Yes I do).
We will try and lessen the worry for the one that worries the most, we will come to you my ladies ( P. thank you. I’m sorry if I show weakness). You are not weak; you speak as you feel from the heart, and this we appreciate very much. For maybe you speak for others as well only they’re feeling in good heart at the moment, but in the weaker time when they’re on their own and they think, then you see you speak for them as well (thank you) you understand?
We will come and try and lighten your burden you must not worry yourself for you, as you say, on your own cannot do anything, but its a little, we can add a little something to the pile that is already beginning to be built. (I understand), it isn’t as if you are carrying it all by yourselves, you will not ( no ), there are others out there who know what is going on and hopefully it will be stopped in good time (yes). Don’t feel downhearted about it we don’t feel downhearted about it, for we want you to survive (thank you).
Your earth plane will always survive but we want it to be a place where humanity can survive as well. It is very beautiful place (it is, we love it). Not as beautiful as ours (laughs). You will see it one day my ladies you will see but we don’t want you to come yet, (no we don’t) you understand? (Yes).
It is not yet time and you need and have work to do, and it is as the medium said, that even if you walk away from friend, it will be with you forever ( P.I know). I’m sorry but once you enter into it you cannot escape it. You will go away and try and live your life but occasionally it will creep back and gradually something will draw you back in again *** (I know) maybe not here but elsewhere.
You are caught, (J. You are on the hook), you are on the hook. You can wriggle but you won’t get off (laughs), No 1 will make sure that you do not. He likes wriggling, he can go and help he said, untangle things anyhow. I know what he means, you have to watch this one; he’s No 1 for a reason (yes I’m sure, laughs). He thinks he’s No 1, (J. We called him No 1 didn’t we) He is No 1; it is a good name for him, for he thinks he’s first, last and second also. (J. You’re modest number 3?).
I’m very modest No 3; this is part of my charm (laughs) you understand (absolutely), and I’m not going to give you any heavy messages tonight; I’m going to leave you because of the enormity of that which I brought you last time we met, and we cannot go on further forward at the moment with this; maybe next time we meet we’ll bring something a little lighter.
We have tried to lighten this evening, and I hope we have helped you put some things in perspective (yes), and we’ll come to you my friends if you have doubt in your heart which you as humans would only be expected to have, you understand? (yes), but you must not dwell on it for do not think always on the negative side (no). For there is help. They are not all fools out here out there you know (no). There are a lot of them about but there are a good few that are not and do understand what is going on as well. But if you can find a way of adding your little bit towards the whole so much the better, we will inspire you and you will be drawn to the light my dears.
You must wonder why we cannot tell you exactly what to do. It is not in your interest that we do this. You must find your own way for our way may not be for you. It would be too easy I think. It needs to be worked at. For we could only alter so much in so much time, we couldn’t alter the whole, you understand (yes).
It has to be done from within rather than from without. We can only do what we can do. We have come because we have seen this coming for a long time this is why we have made the effort to come and contact you. Not particularly you I am sorry to say as we have tried different circles, which I said have closed down because of us, because they do not understand from where we come from; but because you do not come from this planet anyway, we felt we had more of a chance. For there is latent belief in your mind, you understand.
There is something laying there that is dormant, and you’d be drawn to us and us to you (yes, very much), although we do not all come from the SAME place but you are not of this place here (no). Perhaps we will tell you more about this (Oh we would love to hear that) I expect you would and it is a big subject and we must take it a little at a time.
I’m going to go now my friends **** so you will not have anything to worry about, and nothing for you to write about my friend perhaps I don’t know if you will want to transcribe it or not, it is up to you ( J. I will, I will).
By the way, Mazra. The meaning of Mazra is not too obvious but I tell you it IS a place, but the meaning of Mazra means SEED (ahh). Now look at Mithras and the meaning of Mithras, and Mazra is seed, is seeded (yes), I will tell you this because I cannot bear to watch you search any longer. ( J. He’s depicted as being in an egg brought in by light bearers so I think we guessed a little bit). Yes you are on the right pathway, but we cannot stand the agony (laughs).
( J. That was a great help, thank you so much, so Mazra is seed?) <Mazra is seed or seeded (ah lovely) Not from this place (no, yes it ties in now) and I will go now my friends (thank you for coming) we will be with you my friend.
Do not take it all on your shoulders on your own, we will come at night and help to relieve you of some of it to lighten your pathway or any of you that we feel need it. (P. I want to do what is right).
This one is particularly sensitive on the surface as well as deep whereas the others, the deeper sensitivity does not come to the fore so quickly and we know and understand this (thank you) *** now so we will come and we hope you enjoy the ride my friend (we do, we call it a paper chase). No 1 will come and help you, you won’t enjoy it much ( J. I will become sensitive just for No 1 to come I think). I’m sure he will oblige, he is smiling yes, he cannot wait so I will leave you with that and hope you enjoy the rest of your evening (thank you so much for your reassurance) It’s quite all right my friend it is quite all right, we understand, we are not without feeling s, ( thank you) I give you my blessing (thank you so much).
(This is the bible code reference to Mazra and the seed, in case you can’t access it on the Mazra link….this is the Eureka moment for me!)
I bring you the Divine light of the Divinity. I feel the pressure that you are under and I come to give you some consolation in your time of trouble. You must understand it is we that are going to help you through your worst time you understand me (yes) .I bring you the light and the love of the Divine one to wrap you in, to make it cosy, to wrap you in this warm Divine light from the Divine one, for it brings the light even brighter than before for we know you cannot take the full light that the Divine one is made up of, for you are not ready for that yet so we have to be careful of *** the light that we know we can bathe you in at this moment for your development you understand (yes).
My children of the Divine one, I cannot bear to see you hurt or depressed, under pressure but it is the only way you will be able to get through to you for you to help yourselves you understand (yes). We will help you as much as we can and I bring you the chalice of love once more for you to drink from it take it for your families and for your friends also that they may drink for the Divine one sends it specifically for you my ladies, my children, my blessed children from the Divine light. For we need you so much to carry on your good work you understand? You must not falter. We can understand if you do but we cannot let you falter at this moment for you are needed by others on this planet you understand? (Yes).
The beauty is the light and the love of the Divinity it brings and maybe when the tears have gone may there be rainbows for you at the end and bring light and love and warmth and happiness and sunlight to shine on you and your friends and your partners, and for everybody on the face on this Earth that is in distress. For there is blood on the sword and the sun dries the blood on the sword and your ground and Earth is saturated with blood, it is time now to stop this (yes).
We must stop this you understand we must bring the light and the love closer to you that you can understand even more. We must impress you with this (yes) and we give this light from the Divinity that will help you lighten up the dark places, you understand my children. You take the light and the love and do what you can in your own small corner for this is where the help is needed. You will find that people will be drawn to you, they will need your help and your love, for they need it for their everyday problems you understand, and
you are there and are capable of helping them with this, for you have the Divine, light round you that envelopes you and wraps you and cradles you for the Divine one wants you to help you see (yes).
We need you to help, to bring help to others (we will). To soften the blows that life has put upon them (yes). I don’t mean the deep things that No 3 has spoken of, I’m talking about the everyday living that we must do (yes) you understand. The Divine one will give the light and the strength. No more tears now, no more blood on the sword, no more Earth sodden with the blood of the ones that have gone before. Such a waste such a waste my friends, such a waste.
I will leave you now with this Divine love and |I will take you to the stars **** and **** if the moments between sleep and waking I will take you to the stars to the ends of the rainbows, so you may be uplifted for next time my friends I leave you now with m y blessings from the Divine one I feel the love that comes from you, the tug always the tug. It brings tears to my eyes also. But I must leave you now. Be uplifted *** for I will come again, I will come again for the Divine light will take you forward until we meet again, my friends, my daughters, always my daughters of the Divine light I thank you (thank you).
Until we meet again I am going to help you as much as is possible, also No 3. We will do all in our power to help you. You must not worry. I shall be with you all the time and I’ll watch over you and you dear lady you must not be so sorrowful. Be uplifted, for this is not a time to waver, not now my friend. I will leave you now my ladies it is not usual for me to come after No 2 but we felt this evening that you needed extra help (courage). (P. Thank you for your strength)
I must leave it for him to say because he is insistent that he speaks, but it’s nice to be with you again. I haven’t spoken to you for a little while now and it is nice to be with my ladies once more (thank-you very much), and we hope that you do not disband, and that this will continue. It might not continue in the same vein but we won’t leave you high and dry, as the instrument would say. I’ll leave you now and let you expand your energy a little more if you can and we will try and make the energy balance too. (Thank-you).
something that you could bypass you understand (J. I understand), and we understand your position, that you feel you cannot or do not know, which way to go with it as yet, but you WILL find a way my ladies for you will be inspired to find a way, (thank-you). Now don’t expect to make a massive impression because this
is not how it will work, (no). If it were only you that knew about all this, then nobody would take notice of you whatsoever. You understand do you not, that there ARE others that also well aware and your knowledge will just add a little impact as you have already spoken about. It will add a little so that the build up will be gradual but in the end somebody will take notice and we think that they are already beginning to take notice anyway, (thank god); and we shall deal with these situations. There is the problem of course that we would like the Palestinians and the Israelis to come together to form some bridge of friendship, which they find obviously impossible at the moment. Now there may be a way through, they may talk to one another but you see then, I’m sorry I bring you more but I need you to think about this, I need to put you in the picture so to speak about something that could happen. If the leader of the Palestinians came to some agreement with the Israelis it may be that the Palestinians would assassinate their own leader. It could also happen with the Israelis you see, because all the Israelis would not be in favour
would like to see it disappear. It is not always the Palestinians; the Arabs generally you see, also need their say, you understand, (very much)? So therefore
this is the problem. Although we thought in the first instance, perhaps what we discussed before, was coming from Russia, we think it will eventually appear from Libya ( Libya ) J. Ahh). (Refer to 4th Jan and previous transcripts)
Ahh, you watch this and see, and don’t get depressed about anything because we know it’s hard and easy to say don’t, and because you cannot see the light at the end of the tunnel. There is a light and there is a tunnel and there are others within the tunnel who can see the light even if you cannot (yes, good) you understand? (Yes, of course). It is not inevitable, as I have said before. I am sorry to bring
you see, and you will be able to tell what you know do you understand me? What we have given you and it will add to the other s that have already been spoken to. Don’t forget there are other circles apart from yours, which we have infiltrated
some, unlike you, have not had the wit to continue or the bravery, because you see you are brave people. The smaller you are and the enormity of the news or
Your earth plane will always survive but we want it to be a place where humanity can survive as well. It is very beautiful place (it is, we love it). Not as beautiful as ours (laughs). You will see it one day my ladies you will see but we don’t want you to come yet, (no we don’t) you understand? (Yes). It is not yet time and you need and have work to do, and it is as the medium said, that even if you walk away from friend, it will be with you forever ( P.I know).
will draw you back in again *** (I know) maybe not here but elsewhere. You are caught, (J. You are on the hook), you are on the hook. You can wriggle but you won’t get off (laughs), No 1 will make sure that you do not. He likes
bring something a little lighter. We have tried to lighten this evening, and I hope we have helped you put some things in perspective (yes), and we’ll come to you my friends if you have doubt in your heart which you as humans would only be expected to have you understand? (yes), but you must not dwell on it for do not think always on the negative side (no). For there is help. They are not all fools
But if you can find a way of adding your little bit towards the whole so much the better, we will inspire you and you will be drawn to the light my dears. You must wonder why we cannot tell you exactly what to do. It is not in your interest
you I am sorry to say as we have tried different circles, which I said have closed down because of us, because they do not understand from where we come
it IS a place, but the meaning of Mazra means SEED (ahh). Now look at Mithras and the meaning of Mithras, and Mazra is seed is seeded (yes), I will tell
to carry on your good work you understand? You must not falter we can understand if you do but we cannot let you falter at this moment for you are needed by others on this planet you understand? (Yes). The beauty is the light
and happiness and sunlight to shine on you and your friends and your partners, and for everybody on the face on this earth that is in distress. For there
you are there and are capable of helping them with this, for you have the Divine, light round you that envelopes you and wraps you and cradles you for the Divine
of the rainbows, so you may be uplifted for next time my friends I leave you now with m y blessings from the Divine one I feel the love that comes from you, the tug always the tug. It brings tears to my eyes also. But I must leave you now. Be uplifted
No 2 but we felt this evening that you needed extra help (courage). (P. Thank you for your strength)
"Always remember the difference between economic power and political power: You can refuse to hire someone's services or buy his products in the private sector and go somewhere else instead. In the public sector, though, if you refuse to accept a politician's or bureaucrat's product or services you go to jail. Ultimately, after all, all regulations are observed and all taxes are paid at gunpoint. I believe those few who can't even see that have been short-sighted sheep...." ~ Rick Gaber
Jerome Strip Clubs. Find a Jerome strip club today. The best Jerome strip clubs are listed in our online directory
Looking for some of the best Jerome strip clubs?. We list popular Jerome Gentlemen's Club in our directory. If you have problems finding a Jerome strip club, please use our exclusive zip code search. Enter any zip code in the Jerome area or search by club name, state, county or city, click the search button and voila a list of Jerome strip clubs.
Go luck dear friends, it is time to visit your favorite Jerome local club, please relax and have fun!.
Doesn’t it feel like we were just at the start of summer and celebrating Memorial Day? I can’t believe how quickly this summer passed by. Between barbecues, visiting family, time spent with good friends, and even squeezing in a summer vacation, this summer was filled with many new memories!
What better way to wrap up this summer than to kick off back to school shopping. Whether school has already started or will be starting soon, these back to school items are essential for fall. In the past, I always purchased a good pair of jeans prior to school starting. Even though I’m no longer in school, I always make sure to pick up a pair at the start of fall. Honestly, who doesn’t love a pair of new jeans?
In case you haven’t noticed, fall is my favorite time of the year. Between all things pumpkin, cozy sweaters, everything plaid, and these adorable booties, it doesn’t get any better than that. Well, besides my new favorite leopard flats!
Even though it may be too warm to wear this lightweight scarf, I plan on wearing it as soon as the cooler temps arrive. What are some of your favorite back to school items? Can’t wait to hear your favorites!
I'm Elizabeth, the author of Stripes & Solitaires. I'm a Texan currently residing in New Jersey. I'm a loving wife and momma to two spunky pups, Walker and Winston. I am a child of God. A lover of all things creative. A color and pattern lover. An out-of-the-box thinker. Welcome!
Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016
This content was produced by Boston Globe Media's BG BrandLab in collaboration with the advertiser. The news and editorial departments of The Boston Globe had no role in its production or display.
Today, questions are being answered and advances are being made by bright minds all over the country—and especially in New England. Cross Insurance and The Boston Globe have partnered to bring you the stories of some our region’s most inspiring and successful businesses. From the “light bulb moment" to seeing hard work pay off, the startups and businesses introduced here prove that the only way to change the future is to think ahead.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and other Arab leaders arrived in the city of Dhahran, south to Dammam, on Saturday to participate in the 29th Arab summit.
Sisi was received at King Abdulaziz Air Base by Prince Saud bin Nayef bin Abdulaziz, Governor of the Eastern Province, Prince Ahmed bin Fahad bin Salman bin Abdulaziz, Deputy Governor of the Eastern Province, and Secretary General of the Arab League Ahmed Aboul Gheit.
The summit, which will be held in Dammam on Sunday, will discuss several issues, the most important of which are the Palestinian issue and the crises in Syria, Libya, and Yemen as well as Iranian interference in Arab affairs.
The summit will also discuss regional and international issues and push forward international efforts to combat terrorism.
Amwal Al Ghad English is a momentum website located in Cairo determined to cover various economic activities in banking, insurance, investment, real estate, construction, trade, and technology sectors. It aspires to remain the standard-setter for international journalism, by preserving accuracy, impartiality, and independence. The English website works on providing its readers with reliable and unbiased information of relevance, range, and depth.
Oil prices were mixed on Thursday as the market struggled to digest signs of strong gasoline demand in the United States, the world’s biggest consumer of the fuel, with a statement from oil producers that they are putting more crude on the market.
Brent crude futures fell 11 cents, or 0.2 percent, to $72.79 a barrel at 0401 GMT. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures climbed 6 cents, or 0.1 percent, to $68.82.
Both benchmarks rose by 1 percent on Wednesday after inventory data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration reported on Wednesday U.S. gasoline stockpiles fell along with supplies of distillate fuels. Motor fuel demand also rose from the week before and was up from a year earlier.
However, the EIA also reported U.S. oil production reached a record 11 million barrels per day (bpd). The United States has added nearly 1 million bpd in production since November, thanks to rapid increases in shale drilling.
Also, a meeting of members of the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC producer monitoring their supply pact reported on Wednesday that compliance with the agreement has declined, meaning more oil is available to the market.
The bullish tone sparked by the gasoline data is unlikely to last, said Stephen Innes, head of trading APAC at brokerage OANDA.
“With Russia quick to offer the President a supply olive branch and Saudi Arabia mainly in his back pocket when it comes to increasing their supply, its challenging to see (the) gasoline numbers turning the bearish market’s tide,” he said.
Gasoline inventories fell by 3.2 million barrels last week, while distillate stockpiles, which include diesel and heating oil, dropped by 371,000 barrels, the EIA said on Wednesday.
A Reuters poll taken before the data release had forecast that gasoline stocks would be unchanged and distillate stockpiles would show a build of around 900,000 barrels.
A sharp jump in crude oil inventories in the United States also added to the bearish tone in the market.
U.S. crude stocks rose by 5.8 million barrels last week, compared with a forecast of a decline of 3.6 million barrels.
Oil markets have fallen over the last week as Saudi Arabia and other members OPEC member and Russia have increased production and as some supply disruptions have eased.
OPEC and non-OPEC’s compliance with oil output curbs has declined to around 120 percent in June from 147 percent in May, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.
CAPCO was established in 2003 to provide Polymer and chemical products in construction industry with the goal of being preferred vendor through superior quality, price, and services. Firstly, Plastic spacers were chosen to produce for the most variety of reinforce concrete elements and after a while, CAPCO has enjoyed the loyalty of hundreds customers because of successful operation. We are always happy to say "Yes "to make specific product recommendations at the hand of powerful and professional injection Molds units. The huge variety of products in different categories in comparison other competitors confirmed the claim of this unique capability. Step forward and try… PVC Sealing Strips (WaterStops) in the second step was selected to put in production line to develop the concrete accessories family in CAPCO merchandise basket in order to provide an integral stealing network for joints in water retaining, and water excluding concrete structure and CAPCO proudly published a domestic Standard (ISIRI 13277) for Concrete Waterstops for the first time. Concrete Admixtures and Construction Chemical as the last, but not the end, portfolio entered the process of production in 2007 which are the prominent role of today`s concrete projects, and now CAPCO become a trusted partner for great projects and grasped a big portion of market share less than two years. However, we are a young manufacturer but renewed as an innovative company who is constantly searching for new and better ways to support the needs of customers to improve the safety and make user friendly products based on the global standard. With factory-direct pricing on all our products, you commercially will save significantly by ordering directly from us in one hand and always rely on our fast-turnaround times to get the materials you need when and where you need them in the other hand.
(PERTH-ANDOVER) April 5, 2012 - To ensure minimal disruption in patient care, the hospital's inpatient and outpatient services have been successfully relocated to the temporary locations of the Upper River Valley Hospital and the Tobique Valley Community Health Centre.
Hospital patients have been relocated to the Upper River Valley Hospital in Waterville and the Grand Falls General Hospital.
Emergency services can be accessed by calling 9-1-1 or by going to the Upper River Valley Hospital in Waterville or Grand Falls General Hospital.
Surgeries that were scheduled at the Hôtel-Dieu Saint-Joseph Hospital are being completed at the Upper River Valley Hospital.
Diagnostic imaging (X-rays, mammography and ultrasounds) and ECGs are being completed at the Upper River Valley Hospital.
Blood and laboratory specimen collection is being completed at the Upper River Valley Hospital and Tobique Valley Community Health Centre.
Therapeutic services staff have temporarily been relocated to the Upper River Valley Hospital and the Tobique Valley Community Health Centre.
Local physicians have relocated their offices to various locations throughout the community including the Knights of Columbus Centre, Perth-Andover Extra Mural Program Building and Tobique First Nations Wellness Centre.
Privacy Policy Notice - This Regulation and Policiy Notification is for the EU and Great Britain and its Extensions as the United Kingdom
The policy: This privacy policy notice is for this website; [www.idaconsulting.net] and served by IDA İşletme Danışmanlık Ltd. and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties. / We do share your personal information with third parties and they include; .
Data retention period: We shall continue to process your information until the contract between us ends or is terminated under any contract terms.
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable, to display relevant adverts or content, referred you to a third party website.
We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies, and control which cookies are saved to your device / computer. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
Our website may contain adverts, sponsored and affiliate links on some pages. These are typically served through our advertising partners; Google Adsense, eBay Partner Network, Amazon Affiliates, or are self served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security. However we do not control the actual adverts seen / displayed by our advertising partners. Our ad partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences are requested as 'non-personalised' cookies may still be used for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and abuse.
Clickable sponsored or affiliate links may be displayed as a website URL like this; www.idaconsulting.net or as a titled text link like this: Antalya Web Tasarım.
Clicking on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions by using a cookie saved to your device. You can read more about cookies on this website above. Your actions are usually recorded as a referral from our website by this cookie. In most cases we earn a very small commission from the advertiser or advertising partner, at no cost to you, whether you make a purchase on their website or not.
We use advertising partners in these ways to help generate an income from the website, which allows us to continue our work and provide you with the best overall experience and valued information.
If you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the website.
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the "Processing of your personal date" above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.
Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.
Any email marketing messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) or manage your preferences / the information we hold about you at any time. See any marketing messages for instructions on how to unsubscribe or manage your preferences, you can also unsubscribe from all mailing lists, by following this contacting us.
You will experience the pleasure of " RESERVATIOS WITH CREDIT CARD " with " IDA OnRes " online reservation system on your website by installing SSL Certificate and Virtual POS which deposits the payments directly into your account.
For Travel Agencies; search, view, get prices, make a reservation safely with credit card or send a reservation form to hundreds of hotels through only one page.
It is possible to offer airport-hotel-airport transfer services ONE SITE, for any country or region you offer transfer services in.
Virtual POS, shopping and e-commerce infrastructures are used to shop online with credit card. Requires separate work for each environment and each platform.
We bring your knowledge, prices and opportunities from tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of hotels around the world, with xml connectivity, xml integration to your system..
We create e-commerce, and online selling systems and we provide the integration of these systems with the automation programs.
A display oriented design with fullscreen images	My website should work the same both on regular PC's and on mobile devices.
I should be able to make sales through my website	I don’t need to make sales through my website right now
schlechte horror spiele den der ler sidst ler bedst The subject pronouns, as well as their related object pronouns are listed in the table below:
Object pronouns are used as the objects of verbs and prepositions (with, at, of, about, to, without, etc.) in a sentence.
As Ingilizce Bankası, our aim is to provide resources to facilitate learning of the English language both in Turkey and around the world. On our site, you can find various materials, such as idioms, proverbs, videos, games, quizzes, tests, grammar points, stories, vocabulary, articles, as well as other reading, writing, speaking and listening exercises.
The Museum of the Umbrella is in Gignese, just a few minutes from Stresa and from Meina. Visitors to this unique place in the world surround themselves with the elegant and cute world of umbrellas, and also with the stories (not always with happy endings) of its players – the umbrella makers – and their Tarùsc jargon, which in the same manner as a primitive Esperanto, united them and allowed them to understand each other regardless of their nationality.
The birth of the umbrella is quite old, and the history of its origins is lost in legend. The only indisputable data is its Asian origin, but it’s not certain which country it was invented in. Both China and India claim responsibility based on good reasons and have more or less credible proof to uphold them. One common element is associated with the symbology of the umbrella: from the beginning, it was undisputedly tied with power and at times is attributed to the divinity. In China, the ceremonial umbrella was always depicted among the Emperor's emblems, in Persia the use of the umbrella was only granted to kings, while in Egypt it was extended to all nobility.
The arrival of this accessory in the West falls under the mythological sphere and is associated with Dionisyan cults, but also with celebrations dedicated to goddesses Pallas and Persephone, during which believers (prevalently female) protected themselves with a parasol.
It was introduced to the Roman world in the 3rd-century BC and was celebrated by several poets of the times. However, in the classical and catholic medieval world, the umbrella was a simple tool for seduction in the first case, or an accessory used in lithurgy in the second, but it did not perform its current function of protecting against the rain.
The display cases on the ground floor show the stylistic transformations of the umbrella from the 19th century to date, and include some 150 pieces accompanied by covering material and handles made with different material.
The historic documents are on the upper floor: fashion magazines, proof of the use of this elegant object, stories and photos of umbrella makers and the tools of the trade.
Iginio Ambrosini, founder of the Alpinia Botanical Garden and also the son and brother of umbrella makers, may rightfully be considered the father of the museum, which was opened in 1939 on the first floor of the elementary schools in Gignese. 37 years later, it was transferred to the current building in the shape of 3 ajar umbrellas. The current mounting (now 25 years old) is about to be replaced by an innovative project carried out by the city in collaboration with the Region of Piedmont and with the Association of Umbrella Makers.
Panoramio has been discontinued. We’ve appreciated your contributions over the years and hope you will continue to share amazing photos with the world.
If your Panoramio profile was linked with your Google account, then all your Panoramio photos are being copied to your Google Album Archive at full resolution (this could take a few weeks). All other data has been permanently deleted.
If your Panoramio photos were appearing in Google Maps with the name of your Google Account, then they will continue to appear along with their original view counts. If they were only attributed to your Panoramio username, they will no longer appear. You can view and manage photos by signing in to Google Maps and accessing the Contributions screen from the main menu.
Yes - to keep adding photos to Google Maps and engage with a growing community of photographers, join the Local Guides program. You can earn points and unlock rewards for photos submitted with a Google account when they are linked to a point of interest or business.
Manufacturer or suppliers don’t want to take back your useless and unused equipments. Indeed this idea worried them !
When they accept it, it’s always because they dont have any choice to win a new Instruments sale. Buy Back price is often absurd.
If you need it, we can even come to you for free in order to better quote your instruments. Then, a Buy back offer is quickly forwarded. When we agree, Merchandise is picked up by our own way and payment is done the same day!
Leasametric is a multi-brand firm with very flexible structure. It’s the reason why all deal can be done with us: thanks to Leasametric, you can modernize and optimize your instruments park ad infinitum!
Flexo is an innovative financial Solution for your instruments and associated services (warranty, calibration, exchange, software Update, and so on…)
With Flexo Program, you pay a loan and Leasametric take care of everything! At the end of this program, you can buy your equipments or sign for a new program with State of the art Items!
Leasametric intervenes on Site. We make an audit of your park to increase its status. Leasametric buys back CASH your equipments and rent them to you with all associated services.
Control of nonlinear structures is a multidisciplinary box concerning electric engineering, machine technology, and keep watch over engineering. particularly, this publication addresses doubtful nonlinearity. starting with how actual vegetation are modeled as operator-based vegetation, the writer develops a scientific technique that allows readers to appreciate a quantitative balance consequence, a severe consider any nonlinear keep an eye on system's balance and performance.
Operator-Based Nonlinear regulate structures: layout and Applications specializes in the operator-theoretic technique, delivering distinctive examples on how you can use it on community managed platforms. as well as present examine effects, the writer explores destiny examine instructions and purposes of the operator-theoretic technique. The booklet starts off with an creation that defines nonlinear platforms. subsequent, it covers:
Nonlinear suggestions keep an eye on for large-scale structures utilizing a disbursed keep an eye on approach device
Throughout the booklet, discussions of tangible purposes support readers know the way the operator-theoretic technique works in practice.
Operator-Based Nonlinear regulate structures is advised for college kids and pros up to speed concept engineering and utilized arithmetic. operating with this expertly written and arranged booklet, they're going to the way to receive strong correct coprime factorization for modeled crops. furthermore, they're going to realize state-of-the-technology study effects on strong balance stipulations in addition to the newest approach output monitoring and fault detection concerns which are difficult modern-day researchers.
A detailed approach to model transport, heterogeneous chemistry, and electrochemistry in solid-oxide fuel cells
This e-book provides the refereed court cases of the eighth foreign convention on complicated details structures Engineering, CAiSE '96, held in Herakleion, Crete, Greece, in may possibly 1996. The 30 revised complete papers incorporated within the e-book have been chosen from a complete of a few a hundred submissions. The booklet is organised in sections on CASE environments, temporal and energetic database applied sciences, adventure studies, interoperability in details platforms, formal equipment in method improvement, novel architectures, workflow administration and allotted details platforms, details modelling, object-oriented database layout, and semantic hyperlinks and abstraction.
Turbulence is among the key matters in tackling engineering circulate difficulties. As robust desktops and actual numerical equipment at the moment are on hand for fixing the movement equations, and because engineering functions almost always contain turbulence results, the reliability of CFD research relies more and more at the functionality of the turbulence types.
Output, quasi-state, and plant output are all stable, where the reference output is r (t) = 2 + e−t , η(t) = e−10t ∗ σ (t), and σ (t) is a function that generates random noise between 0 and 1. 14, we can find that the nonlinear feedback control system is guaranteed to be passive by the robust control scheme. 14. The robust control problem for a nonlinear feedback control system with unknown perturbations is discussed here using operator-based robust right coprime factorization and the passivity property.
9) is satisfied. 12. 13. 12, there is a large perturbation when the time is 15 sec. 13). This example does not show a sufficient tracking performance when perturbations vary quickly because of the effect of the integration in the loop. However, the desired tracking result has been obtained when t is large enough. 12 10 15 20 Time (sec) Perturbation 25 N of the plant. 13 Simulation result of plant output signal y and real reference signal r for plant with perturbation. 1 Introduction In applying the control scheme to real plants in industry, the control systems must deal with some constraints in variables such as the pressure and temperature limit, and the control system must also avoid the unsafe operating regimes in [23].
Also, the method in [21] is difficult to use for the case in this chapter, because the method requires a detailed information of N . We now illustrate the design scheme developed and analyzed above through several simulations. 5 Step response of nonlinear plant P. Here we assume that the random values are unknown but the upper and lower bounds of the values are known. 5. It is clear that the plant operator P is unstable and P + P is as well. 22) where h(t) = e− 3 w 3 (t) and I (·) is an identity operator on U .
Curves and Abelian Varieties: International Conference March by Valery Alexeev, Arnaud Beauville, C. Herbert Clemens, Elham
Protests of indignados continue in Madrid and Barcelona in spite of arrests and members of the 15-M movement have promised they will not abandon streets and plazas until after the anniversary of the first protest in Puerta del Sol a year ago on Tuesday.
On Monday tens of demonstrators, including some members of the platform 'Afectados por las hipotecas' (victims of mortgages), organised a protest in front of the Bankia's central headquarters, in order to speak out against the abuse by banks”.
Appealing to social networks, the platform proposed citizens to either go to Bankia’s windows in Madrid or close their accounts or, symbolically, to claim the interests due following the Euribor swindle.
Demonstrators recall that Bankia carries out 80% of confiscations of houses under mortgage, and, at the same time, it will receive 7 billion Euros from the government in order to re-finance its debt.
On Sunday the second day of protests of indignados ended exactly like the first one, with the police evacuating Madrid’s main plaza Puerta del Sol; approximately one hundred youths were still in the square at 05:30 in the morning.
There were no accidents, but two youths were kept under custody for resistance to police, adding to 18 people arrested during the week-end.
The protest by indignados” continued in Catalonia, where approximately one hundred youth spent the second night in some tents prepared in Plaza de Catalunya, in Barcelona.
Protesters once again tried to fill Puerta del Sol calling for the release of around 18 of their number, detained by police in the early hours.
Spain’s government has vowed not to allow a repeat of the scenes last year when the protesters occupied the square for weeks. However the indignados have called for more demonstrations on Monday and Tuesday, anniversary day, protesting the government’s handling of the economy which has fallen back into recession.
The Indignados caught global attention last May and inspired other popular movements against austerity policies that are aimed at cutting debt and reassuring investors but hit the living standards of all except wealthy elites, critics say.
But since then, Spanish unemployment has soared to 24%, (and 45% among youth), the economy has relapsed into recession, a bank has been nationalized and harsh spending cuts have hit public health and education.
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy of the conservative People's Party defended his government's austerity measures at a political rally on Sunday, saying they were necessary to lift the country out of its economic malaise.
”We'll get out of this (crisis) if the government doesn't tire of making reforms, and the government is not going to tire, Rajoy said.
Movements like the Indignados have received support from all sections of Spanish society - from youth to the elderly, and while critics say they have failed to make an impact politically protesters are keen to revive their visibility.
On one hand the activists are taking a critical stance on the worsening crisis ... and on the other hand they're showing that they're still there; they haven't disappeared,” said Jesus Sanz, sociologist at the Autonomous University of Barcelona.
Together, the RSSU and the "Officers of Russia" will embody the strategy of patriotic education of youth. Rector of RSSU Natalia Pochinok: "The signing of the agreement gives a start to the development of joint projects with the public organization "Officers of Russi ". Together we will contribute to the patriotic education of youth. "
Chairman of the Presidium of the public organization "Officers of Russia" Sergei Lipovoy formulated the main goal of this cooperation:
"Our public organization deals with issues of patriotism. The main part of our work is organizing meetings with wonderful people. For various reasons, they are not in demand in public life, so our goal is to integrate them into the process of patriotic upbringing and education. Meetings with young people are one of the important components of this process. Veterans share their experience and talk about what qualities a citizen and patriot should possess. We have many points of contact with the Russian State Social University. "
During the meeting, the issues related to veterans' problems were raised, and joint projects were discussed. The start will be monthly meetings with the heroes.
The All-Russian Public Organization "Officers of Russia" unites veterans and active officers, members of their families, as well as indifferent citizens ready to contribute to the creation of an effective system for ensuring the security of the state and the population, protecting the rights and legitimate interests of the individuals, adequate social and logistical support officers, as people who dedicated their lives to serving the Fatherland and society.
Did you first install the Web Administration Interface? You need to do that once for all the quizzes you create. See the FAQ How can I install and configure the Web Administration Interface? in the WebQuiz Help.
All prices are in EUR and cover one year registration (2 years for .uk). Customers in Norway add 25% VAT.
We are dealing in more than 8000 items. We can also make any product as per your requirements. Our prices are competitive with 100% Guaranteed Quality Products.
The success of our company is based upon the commitment of the directors and staff working together as a successful team and with the continuing investment in staff training, upgrading of our equipment which ensures the best in trade skills and service in all aspects of our building projects.
As a company, we believe in providing high quality building solutions; we employ professional and friendly staff to ensure complete customer satisfaction to the highest standard and quality workmanship with all the services we provide. Over the years, we have grown as a company on word of mouth and we’re proud to have an exceptional reputation for customer service and quality workmanship.
We offer a wide range of contracts from new build, refurbishment or general maintenance works. We cover a full range of project types comprising of Industrial, Commercial and all contract works including our Design and Build Service.
Over the years, we have grown as a company based on our reputation for providing a high quality and professional service to all commercial and industrial customers.
Sep 28 | Sep 29 | Sep 30 | Oct 01 | Oct 02 | Oct 03 | [ Oct 04 ] | Oct 05 | Oct 06 | Oct 07 | Oct 08 | Oct 09 | Oct 10 | Oct 11
Aug 2016 | Sep 2016 | [ Oct 2016 ] | Nov 2016 | Dec 2016 | Jan 2017 | Feb 2017 | Mar 2017 | Apr 2017
One for the staples of one bodybuilding diet is milk. Consuming skim perhaps whole milk packs some serious proteins. The benefit of milk for muscle gain has been built in the GOMAD (Gallon of Milk a Day) diet. 1 cup of milk contains 7.9g of protein, 9.9g of fat and 11g of cabohydrate supply.
Most weight loss diets are calorie-reduction diet workouts. They enable you shed weight, but some of the pounds originates from extra fat and quite a few of it’s from lean muscle tissue. Whilst you may very well look smaller around the scale, your metabolism it’s actually slowing directly down. The far more muscle you lose the slower your fat burning capacity will be. This can make losing weight more hard and adding extra pounds back again even less demanding.
Another thing that you should give attention to is insulin resistance. Can be also because starvation all forms of diabetes. When you introduce carbohydrates into the diet, hyperinsulinemia and glucose levels swings could very well occur. Individuals as a consequence of the progress in the amount of enzymes in our body. The enzymes that are chiefly affected are those people that may take place with carbohydrates or fats burning. Individuals have human Keto Plus Diet Reviews body had not been fed with carbs, stopping a ketosis diet will also imply that the ‘down regulation’ will be changed. Staying on the cyclical ketogenic diet keep your insulin needs in balance. Carbs have always created difficulties for those who diabetes.
Approximately 10-15 minutes later have a whey protein drink with 65-100 gram protein (35-50 grams for women). Immediately you are hungry again, eat a small «regular» 40/30/30 meal (protein/carbs/fat) to completely fill muscle tissues with glycogen. After this meal, you’re back to zero carbs until shielding your car workout.
I’m likely to pick on Dr. Low carb. He has a questionaire of a ketogenic ketogenic Diet weight loss. While it’s easy to eat number of carbs to your long associated with time time, businesses you in order to be? You’re more irritable an individual get terrible breath just to shed a few pounds hastily? No thanks. Instead work on doing something that you know you can stick with for a challenging time.
Did you understand many diets do perform? In fact, many diets actually result in weight gain soon after any ketogenic weight loss weight loss. This is because these diets can not be assimilated easily into your. Instead, begin teaching your child about the hunger satisfaction mechanism. This tells you when physique is hungry and within the next full. Focus on health greater weight thinning.
You ought to avoid unhealthy foods because produces hinder muscle building and even reduce your efficiency. Always work while on the food value before you eat. Your body demands carbohydrates to fuel also in use . for exercising. But in that in addition, you need protein, vitamins, fats and some minerals about your body boost. Calcium helps put together strong muscles while protein helps the formation of muscular tissue. Fat is necessary, but always insist in taking saturated fats. Egg, soybeans, oats are required sources of proteins. You should also have cereals because that encourages the carbohydrate content in your body. With with all these, all must pay having plenty of green vegetables everyday.
To obtain the additional calories needed for the ketogenic diet, you require to eat chicken, steak, fish, sausage, whole eggs, bacon, and protein drinks. You want to consume 1.5g of fat any gram of protein. Endeavor to eat around 5 meals a day. Your muscles need extra meals develop. After all, a major part of bodybuilding includes supplying muscle tissues with nutritional vitamins and minerals.
If you beloved this write-up and you would like to acquire a lot more data relating to Keto Plus Diet Reviews kindly pay a visit to the web-page.
Characteristics Of Several Major Classical Series ... In the 18th century platinum had captured the ...
            [designation] => The writer is a former managing director of the Overseas Employment Corporation.
            [designation] => The writer is a research officer at the Institute of Regional Studies, Islamabad.
            [designation] => The writer is a lawyer based in Lahore and also teaches at LUMS. He holds an LLM from New York University where he was a Hauser Global Scholar.
Rabbit RL-80-1290 Laser engraving/cutting machine ... during laser processing. ... 900 mm Laser engraving and cutting machine stands ready to improve ...
... level by easily processing photos for engraving on ... Cutting Grid on the Epilog Zing laser is used to ... than an entry-level machine. With a large ...
Laser processing is primarily ... Laser cutting is primarily accomplished by melt shearing. ... to large melt Thermoplastic HPDE, MDPE, LDPE, UHMW Polyethylene
Upgrade your Trotec laser machine with new ... and seminars on materials processing, laser cutting and laser engraving ... buy a laser for rubber engraving?
Fiber versus CO2 laser cutting. As a manufacturer of CO 2 laser cutting machines with output power from 2.2 to 6 kW and true fiber laser ... Laser Welding | Medical ...
... board, kettle, medical microelectronics, hard ware,knives ... fiber laser cutting machine with ... Laser Cutting, Laser Spot ...
Life Sciences & Medical; Microelectronics; OEM ... DIAMOND CO 2 lasers are available at ... power/total power. The end result is both faster cutting and ...
fabric laser cutting machine in bangladesh for hardware; acylic laser cutting ... fiber laser cutting machine in tunis for jewelry; ... yag steel laser cutting ...
Jewelry Engraving Machines from Gravograph When you use a Gravograph jewelry engraving machine, you experience several benefits: faster engraving ...
baiwei laser cutting machine in bangladesh for jewelry; 3d laser cutting machine in tunis for industries; ... cnc laser cutting steel machine yag 500w for glasses;
Early Chicago&apos;s wastes included ashes from wood burned by households and businesses, droppings of horses on streets and in stables, and relatively small amounts of food wastes, newspapers, and the like. Most of it appears to have been readily biodegradable. In 1849 the city of Chicago appointed its first city scavengers. Wastes were often dumped in marshy areas on the city&apos;s edge. In Chicago&apos;s flat terrain, the transformation of lowlands into city blocks suitable for development often involved raising the level of the land through dumping of wastes, which also eliminated standing water. Many Chicago buildings and streets now rest on as much as a dozen feet of nineteenth-century refuse. The mouth of the Chicago River was transformed by landfilled refuse, and debris from the Great Fire, along with much ordinary refuse, was used to extend Lake (now Grant) Park.
Though residents protested the odors, rats, and insects at dumps, environmental regulation was very limited. The city sanitation services often performed poorly, leaving wooden garbage boxes overflowing, especially in immigrant neighborhoods where residents lacked clout. Reformers at Hull House pressured the city to improve collection in the 1890s, and Jane Addams served as a local garbage inspector for several years.
Chicago&apos;s industries generated enormous quantities of waste. City ordinances limited land dumping of meatpacking wastes after 1878, but packers dumped refuse liberally into the waterways, a practice tolerated because the industry was so important to the city&apos;s economy. “Bubbly Creek,” a fork of the Chicago River, was so named because of the bubbles rising from decomposing slaughterhouse wastes. Tanneries, distilleries, and other industries dumped wastes into the North Branch of the Chicago River and the Calumet River. Iron and steel mill wastes were used to extend the lakefront of southeast Chicago and northwestern Indiana.
Industrial wastes grew in the early twentieth century. Steel mills often dumped slag on adjacent lands, where in some cases residences were built. Oil, chemical, and steel industries dumped into waterways, especially on the Southeast Side. Chicago&apos;s Lake Michigan water supply was largely but not completely protected from these wastes by reversing the flow of the Chicago River and by digging canals which diverted wastes away from the lake.
Only slowly did the problems created by careless waste disposal methods begin to be addressed. Slag from U.S. Steel&apos;s Gary Works was used in cement making and fertilizer production. Pressure from the Metropolitan Sanitary District (now the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago) led to neutralization of sulfuric acid discharged into the Calumet by Sherwin-Williams, because it damaged sewage treatment equipment. Unfortunately, cleanup and treatment sometimes created further problems. Sewage treatment, begun in 1922, generated sludge which was dumped on land. And though public pressure was occasionally effective in addressing careless waste disposal, often there were no barriers to unsafe practices. The advent of nuclear energy added to the hazards. Between 1945 and 1963, for instance, radioactive thorium wastes were used as landscaping fill, deposited in ordinary dumps, or discharged into the DuPage River.
In 1905, the city was disposing of 1,614 tons of refuse each day, and clay pits and quarries near the city began to fill up. Former dumps were often used for schools or parks, including the land on which Soldier Field is built. Chicago experimented again with incineration and other disposal methods, but most wastes were still dumped. By 1954, the city had no more new sites outside of Lake Calumet. In 1963, Chicago exported almost three million cubic yards of wastes to 72 active suburban dumps, which also served booming suburban populations.
The amount of household refuse grew enormously in the late twentieth century as the region&apos;s population grew and an affluent society indulged in waste-generating practices. Ashes virtually disappeared from municipal refuse as coal was replaced by other heating sources, but Americans disposed of growing quantities of nonreturnable cans and bottles, corrugated food packaging, and plastics. By 1988 the typical Chicagoan threw out a ton of garbage per year.
In Chicago, household wastes were picked up by a department long known as a source of patronage jobs for politicians. To cut costs in the 1980s, plastic garbage carts replaced metal garbage cans—long a symbol of machine politics in Chicago, where aldermen handed them out to residents with their names stenciled on the side. Businesses, apartment owners, and most suburban governments contracted with private haulers. Private haulers were once the domain of small operators, including many African Americans. At times they were subject to extortion by mobsters. In the 1970s and &apos;80s, however, a few large companies came to dominate the business, benefiting from superior access to landfills and better finances and organization. The biggest companies owned and operated landfills and incinerators.
To accommodate the growing volume of wastes, the city turned to incineration in the 1950s. From the early 1960s until 1980, Chicago burned most of its garbage. But scientists and the public grew increasingly concerned over smokestack emissions, especially from plastics and other complex substances. In addition, incinerator ashes contained toxic chemicals. In 1996, faced with prohibitive costs for up-to-date pollution controls, the city closed down its last municipally operated incinerator. State subsidies to incinerators were eliminated, and private incinerators in schools, hospitals, apartment buildings, and single-family residences began to shut down in the 1970s, leaving only a few hundred by the 1990s.
The result was to increase dependence on landfills for city, suburban, and industrial wastes. But by midcentury, the long-term environmental hazards of landfills had become well known, especially contamination of underground water supplies. Sanitary landfill techniques to avoid these problems—including lining the site and monitoring “leachate” to ensure toxic substances do not leak into the water table—were known by the 1940s, but Chicago was reluctant to adopt them because of their higher costs. State regulations mandated sanitary landfills by 1966, but they were poorly enforced at first. Many older landfills in the region pose threats to water supplies.
Within the city, landfills opened or expanded only in the sparsely populated Lake Calumet region, much of it marshlands not suitable for industry or residences. Hundreds of acres of Lake Calumet itself have been filled in with Chicago refuse, and by the 1990s, the Southeast Side&apos;s Tenth Ward had over 25 square miles of landfill. Though the city had protected its Lake Michigan water supply, it paid little heed to the effect of landfilling on Calumet-area birds, fish, or groundwater.
By the 1980s and 1990s, sanitary landfill techniques had become the norm. Small operations could not meet the new standards, and vocal opposition from neighbors and environmental groups limited landfills to those that could plan far in advance and build expensive facilities. By 2000, the 9 counties of northeastern Illinois had only 14 landfills, most of them huge suburban facilities. While earlier dumps had consisted of quarries or marshes, filled to ground level and abandoned, many “landfills” were now small mountains of wastes, stretching hundreds of feet into the air, with pipes protruding to vent escaping methane. New features on the region&apos;s flat landscape, these landfills, when shut, are often converted to use as golf courses or parks. Locating new landfills in the region became increasingly difficult, and public officials and landfill operators began sending refuse downstate.
Fly dumping, or dumping without a permit, became a serious problem in the 1980s, as landfill costs grew and regulations proliferated. Relatively small private companies found it advantageous to dump illegally, targeting especially minority neighborhoods. The most infamous case involved a two-block area near Kildare and Roosevelt where a company owned by John Christopher dumped construction debris that rose to more than five stories. Christopher was a key figure in the federal government&apos;s “Silver Shovel” investigation into corruption related in part to fly dumping.
The growing costs of landfill and potential disappearance of suitable sites created a sense of crisis in the late 1980s. A few communities adopted user fees to give householders incentives to curb waste generation. The Illinois legislature began limiting what items could be placed in landfills. The law banned putting yard waste—roughly one-fifth of municipal wastes—in sanitary landfills in 1990 and obliged local governments to recycle. Chicago embarked on a unique “blue bag” recycling system in 1995, in which recyclables are placed in special blue bags, tossed into the garbage truck with other wastes, and sorted later. The program was criticized for low participation rates and for breakage of bags, resulting in “mixed” waste that could not be genuinely recycled. In most suburbs, recyclables were placed in special containers and picked up by a separate truck.
Government pressure also brought changes in handling of industrial wastes. In the late 1970s, courts ordered an end to the dumping of untreated pollutants. The practice of dumping dredging spoils, which are often toxic, into Lake Michigan finally ended in 1967 and was replaced with landfilling. Under heavy regulation, specialty companies dispose of hazardous wastes, which are typically landfilled in specially designed sites or burned in special incinerators. Controversy continues over the long-term safety of these procedures.
Past waste disposal practices have left a legacy of dangers to public health and safety. Cleaning up old disposal sites, or “brownfields,” with wastes ranging from old cars to benzene, has become a major challenge, especially for the federal government&apos;s “Superfund,” which attempts to clean up and redispose of hazardous wastes at the worst sites. As of 2000, the Chicago area had more than 240 Superfund sites, about one-third in the city itself.
The Encyclopedia of Chicago © 2004 The Newberry Library. All Rights Reserved. Portions are copyrighted by other institutions and individuals. Additional information on copyright and permissions.
The Nominating Committee is responsible for proposing election or re-election of the sixteen rotating seats of Steering Council members whose terms are coming to an end or to fill positions that have been vacated. Nominating Committee members serve staggered two-year terms.
Don't just read the content, submit your own and participate by becoming a free member. By registering you unlock special privileges reserved for members such as...
BBC SportWorld Rugby U20 Championship 2016: England win while Ireland stun New ZealandBBC SportEngland beat Scotland 44-0 to make it two wins from two at the World Rugby Under-20 Championship and move to the top of Pool B. Jack Walker crossed from a driving maul as England built a 13-0 interval lead in the final game of the day at the Manchester ...New Zealand defeated by Ireland at Under-20 world rugby championshipStuff.co.nzVideo: Emotional post-match scenes as Ireland U20 celebrate taking rugby's biggest scalpIrish IndependentIreland U20s complete superb win over New ZealandSkySportsNew Zealand Herald -SportsJOE.ie -SuperSportall 58 news articles » > read whole article
World Rugby Under-20 Championship Preview: Ireland U-20s v Georgia U-20s - Irish Rugby (press release) (registration)
If choosing between the a number of connectors offered for hooking your movie exhibit up to an real video clip sign would seem like a ...
Simply fill out the form below and you will discover how you can start making money around the clock. There is no obligation to join and the tour is
This is simply an amazing system. You can use these tools and build any home business successfully and earn a fortune referring people to do the same.
I can now feel confident about building my business as I have all the tools in place to make this work for anyone. Thank you so much for putting such a powerful system together all in 1 place.
A great product that everyone needs and wants, that actually helps them succeed in their existing business or they can use this as their primary business and earn as well.
We manufacture and distribute energy monitoring and software products for Energy and HVAC professionals.
Attention: EnergyTools.com is no longer accepting orders. Existing customers can get support and replacement parts by e-mailing us at info@energytools.com. Brand Electronics Power Meters can be purchased directly from Brand Electronics. Sorry for the inconvenience.
The Brand Electronics line of Digital Power Meters allow you to measure the true power consumed (Watts) by plug-in electrical appliances and lights. Total kilowatt-hours used over an extended monitoring period are also recorded. By entering your utility's electric rate, the unit will also display the average monthly cost to operate an appliance. $149 for 1850 Watt model. New: Check out our new 4-1850WX power meter, designed to help Weatherization agencies assess refrigerator replacement savings in compliance with the NEAT audit. See our special section devoted to energy-saving refrigerator replacements: Click Here for Refrigerator Replacement Page
The EnergyTools.com Runtime DataWatcher datalogger records the runtime of fuel-fired heating systems, including hard-to-measure water heaters and millivolt heating systems. A separate sensor allows the unit to also log motors, air conditioners and other electrical appliances. Up to 22 months of data can be stored in the logger.
Some documents on this site marked with the icon require the Adobe Acrobat Reader in order to view and print. Click the icon below to download a free copy of the reader.
well i want to go to heat rash park. the name is so funny lol and i heard from my friend in korea it will be hold 'hot weather hunting festival' at ealy agust.
Vladimir Putin and Gianni Infantino start a friendly match between world football stars and young players from FC Totem Krasnoyarsk.
Vladimir Putin and Gianni Infantino looked around sports and entertainment sections of the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Football Park on Red Square.
At a presentation of state decorations. Senior research associate of KAUSTIK (Volgograd Region) Nadezhda Levchenko has received the honorary title of Honoured Chemist of the Russian Federation.
At a presentation of state decorations. Teacher of the Aga-Khangil School (Trans-Baikal Territory) Rimma Dondokova has received the honorary title of Honoured Teacher of the Russian Federation.
At a presentation of state decorations. Dairy worker of the Krasnoselskoye farm (Novosibirsk Region) Gulnisa Dyusenova has received the honorary title of Honoured Agricultural Worker of the Russian Federation.
At a presentation of state decorations. Bread baker of the Magnitogorsk Bakery Complex (Chelyabinsk Region) Nadezhda Yuzeyeva has received the honorary title of the Honoured Food Industry Worker of the Russian Federation.
At a presentation of state decorations. General Director of the Omsk Geological Survey Expedition Zhanna Dolya has received the honorary title of Honoured Geologist of the Russian Federation.
At a presentation of state decorations. Actor of the Arkady Raikin Variety Theatre (St Petersburg) Vyacheslav Manucharov has received the honorary title of Distinguished Artist of the Russian Federation.
At a presentation of state decorations. National Artist of the USSR and First Deputy Chairman of the State Duma Committee on Culture Iosif Kobzon has been awarded the distinctive mark For Beneficence.
At a presentation of state decorations. Deputy General Director of the Mtsenskaya farm business (Orel Region) Lidia Shatokhina has been awarded the Order of Friendship.
At a presentation of state decorations. Production engineer Nadezhda Shabalina (Nizhnekamskneftekhim, Republic of Tatarstan) has been awarded the Order of Friendship.
At a presentation of state decorations. General Director of SWISS KRONO (Kostroma Region) Pape Lutz has been awarded the Order of Friendship.
At a presentation of state decorations. Chief Physician of the Regional Cancer Detection Centre (Irkutsk Region) Viktoria Dvornichenko has been awarded the Order of Friendship.
At a presentation of state decorations. Artistic Director of the Moscow Gubernsky (Provincial) Theatre Sergei Bezrukov has been awarded the Order of Friendship.
At a presentation of state decorations. President of the Russian Modern Pentathlon Federation Vyacheslav Aminov has been awarded the Order of Friendship.
At a presentation of state decorations. Farm machine servicer (Altai Territory) Viktor Yudin has been awarded the Order of Honour.
At a presentation of state decorations. Director of the Vishnevsky Institute of Surgery (Moscow) Amiran Revishvili has been awarded the Order of Honour.
At a presentation of state decorations. President of the International University Sports Federation (FISU) Oleg Matytsin has been awarded the Order of Honour.
At a presentation of state decorations. Head of the Travelers School (Moscow) Fedor Konyukhov has been awarded the Order of Honour.
At a presentation of state decorations. Excavator operator of the Berezovsky Open Pit Mine (Krasnoyarsk Territory) Vladimir Ilyin has been awarded the Order of Honour.
At a presentation of state decorations. Test pilot of the Ilyushin Aviation Complex (Moscow) Dmitry Komarov has been awarded the Order of Courage.
At a presentation of state decorations. Assistant to the President of the Kurchatov Institute National Research Centre (Moscow) Alexander Frolov has been awarded the Order of Alexander Nevsky.
At a presentation of state decorations. Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Savelyev has been awarded the Order of Alexander Nevsky.
At a presentation of state decorations. Head of the A Just Russia party faction in the State Duma Sergei Mironov has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, IV degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. Test cosmonaut Anatoly Ivanishin has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, IV degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. Coach of the Central Sports Club of Army Ivan Dusharin has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, IV degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. Director of the KAMAZ-Avtosport non-profit partnership (Republic of Tatarstan) Vladimir Chagin has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, III degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. President of the Russian Tennis Federation Shamil Tarpishchev has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, III degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. Director of the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research (Dubna, Moscow Region) Viktor Matveyev has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, III degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. Chairman of the Lenin collective farm (Kaluga Region) Viktor Gorobtsov has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, III degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. First Deputy Chairman of the State Duma Committee on Physical Fitness, Sport, Tourism and Youth Affairs Vyacheslav Fetisov has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, II degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. Actor of the Vakhtangov Theatre (Moscow) Vladimir Etush has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, I degree.
At a presentation of state decorations. Chairman of the IRMEN stud farm (Novosibirsk Region) Yury Bugakov has been awarded the Order for Services to the Fatherland, I degree.
The President laid flowers at the memorial plaques honouring the hero cities and cities of military glory.
Signing documents following Union State Supreme State Council meeting. With President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko.
At the memorial service for actor, film director, screenwriter, producer, writer, political and public figure, State Duma deputy, chairman of the State Duma Committee on Culture Stanislav Govorukhin. The President paid tribute to Stanislav Govorukhin and personally expressed his condolences to his widow.
Presenting the 2017 National Awards of the Russian Federation. With President of the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts Irina Antonova.
Presenting the 2017 National Awards of the Russian Federation. With Artistic Director of the St Petersburg Academic Ballet Boris Eifman.
Presenting the 2017 National Awards of the Russian Federation. With Director General of the Museum of the World Ocean Svetlana Sivkova.
Presenting the 2017 National Awards of the Russian Federation. With Yevgeny Rogayev, Doctor of Science in biology and head of the evolutionary genomics laboratory at the Vavilov Institute of General Genetics, Russian Academy of Sciences.
Presenting the 2017 National Awards of the Russian Federation. With Ivan Dedov, member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and Director of the National Medical Research Centre of Endocrinology at the Russian Ministry of Healthcare.
Presenting the 2017 National Awards of the Russian Federation. With Alexander Chibisov, corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and Senior Research Associate of the Photochemistry Centre at the RAS Federal Research Crystallography and Photonics Centre.
During a reception hosted on behalf of the Chinese President in the Tianjin Government Reception House, Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping cooked and tasted traditional Chinese dishes.
Vladimir Putin and President of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping watched a hockey game between the two countries’ youth teams.
President of China Xi Jinping awarded the Order of Friendship of the People’s Republic of China to Vladimir Putin.
With President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping. A number of bilateral documents were signed following the consultations.
Following the meeting, Vladimir Putin showed the Crown Prince the new Cortege limousine produced in Russia.
As I’ve written before, I think the HCZ does great work, though I have questions about how they may relate to parents and local institutions.
Thank you, your email will be added to the mailing list once you click on the link in the confirmation email.
"Self-Driven Learning: Teaching Strategies for Student Motivation" will be a sequel to "Helping Students Motivate Themselves"
My book, "The ESL/ELL Teacher's Survival Guide: Ready-to-Use Strategies, Tools, and Activities for Teaching English Language Learners of All Levels," (co-authored by Katie Hull Sypnieski) is now available.
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 April 2009
It was a challenge to create a complete work on the music of Bach, without dwarfing the choreographer, but Nacho Duato has done it. With love and reverence he has exquisitely stitched a collage in which the Baroque genius is perfectly explained as a character, and where his music transcends with the sense of modernity and multiplicity that history has granted him.
If Duato is a master in the translation of the impulse of the notes into dance, here he has taken care with the depth, the transparency of ideas, and the dramatic ties. There is something for all tastes in the motivations of the dance: resonant vitality, rhythm, feeling, portrait. The members of the magnificent company burst from their seats to become instruments vibrating under Bach's baton.
(…) The first part of the show is vibrant, joyful, intimate, unrestrained, witty, and transcendental. Rich in ideas, gestures, and stage tones (…) The second part of Multiplicidad, Formas de Silencio y Vacío (Multiplicity, Forms of Silence and Emptiness) is denser, with loneliness and fog. Duets are repeated as memories of love, and there is death already accepted.
(…) Multiplicidad, the first part of this choreography, is without a doubt one of Nacho Duato's finest works (…) each fragment has its choreographic intention, and the end result is a performance filled with beautiful moments, into which the Valencian creator has poured himself.
Last night, one of the most eagerly awaited events of the spring took place at the Teatro Real: the new premieres by the Spain's most recognized and world-renowned choreographer. Duato did not disappoint. Once again he transported us to a world of suggestions, aimed at interesting and current themes with the beauty of shapes in space and time. With rich nuances from the prodigious hands of director Jordi Savall, the performances become exceptional works of art.
(…) Nacho Duato is great again, both in the cultural foundation of his show and in his commendable choreographic work. The dancers of the Compañía Nacional de Danza (CND) masterfully interpret the privileged selection of beautiful compositions by Bach, but without a doubt, what is most appreciated is the great beauty that the dancers know how to offer, and which so often ultimately is not given to us to enjoy. The audience that filled the Liceu on the opening night of the show also recognized this with its long and warm applause.
If, as an admirer once said, "Bach is God", then with the help of Nacho Duato and his Compañía Nacional de Danza, the composer descended to earth and settled on the stage of the shining Liceu. Duato has paid an extremely personal tribute to the one known as "the fifth evangelist". He has found a devilishly close tone, which will probably set differences with everything that has been done in the area of choreography based on Bach upuntil now.
Duato knew three things clearly: that the music of Bach has an exceptional dramatic component; that it is not music that is beautiful, but rather music that requires the listener to live with it; and, also that it does not require visual support since it enters the soul of the listener directly. All of these factors have given him enormous freedom, with which he has played brilliantly, crossing the borders between music and movement with surprising ease.
(…) A great ballet, which, without a doubt had an unbeatable libretto: that of music in capital letters.
To accept the challenge of the music of Bach is for the brave or the ignorant. Duato is one of the former, and now, with sufficient experience as a choreographer, has dared to use it. Conscious and trapped by a feeling of attraction towards the composer, Duato, respectful and daring, shows that he is well enough armed to emerge unscathed from this great dialogue in which Bach sublimates movement. Alone on the stage, austere and dressed in black, Duato cuts a powerful figure, which, as the dance progresses, reaches solemn dimensions. Absolute master of his still fine dance form, with this solo he is asking the genius to pardon him for his daring. Following these minutes of humility, emotion bursts forth in the form of musical notes and choreographed movement.
(…) and nothing would be the same without the dancers. It would be unfair to mention names because all shine in their personalities and back the solidity of the group.
(…) The Compañía, full of strength, was again an example for the world of dance, provoking enthusiasm in the public, with a full house.
(…) Although the elements could seem complex, as in the case of Mediterrania, the effect is sensitive and even sensualist, and the paraphernalia seems to be lost on creating a climate that music, light and dance provoke on the well rounded off, solid and, why not? spectacular ensemble.
Victims and hangmen. Violence and torture. The spectator travels to the hell of a concentration camp while sitting in his/her seat at the Royal Opera House in Madrid. This is the proposal of the Compañía Nacional de Danza (CND) for the opening of the season 2000-2001 in Madrid's top theatre. Lamento, one of the most committed works of Duato, is a face to face with the Holocaust. However, perhaps it intends to go beyond that. It is a head-to-head with the intolerance that consumes us everyday; also here, in Spain. An up-to-date choreography, especially nowadays, so needed, as we are, of reflection; so used, as we are, to question the Nazis' barbarism, the death caravans, the persecution of the "different" and so many other miseries. Górecki's Third symphony embraces this piece, based on the death of a child, his parents' pain and the schizophrenia of a groupof convicts in an atmosphere full of desolation and miseries. There is a social commitment and this embellishes art. Lamento is a great ballet.
It is difficult to set out the drama on a stage from the balanced point of view. Without excesses. Without easy escapes. What can some dancers tell about the Holocaust? Difficult answer. To build a world of so primary feelings, and at the same time, so complex using the silent language of the body, is infinitely more difficult than to enchain a set of steps. However, this is the best move of the choreography: its emotional intensity. In this creation (first performed by the Nederlands Dans Theater II in 1990), Duato has set upa dramatic construction of overwhelming strength (…).
Last night, in the season opening of the Royal Opera House in Madrid, the already valued legacy with which Duato is writing the future, has been further increased. He presented a difficult and risky programme, three short pieces on similar subjects: suffering, evil, and the power of some over others, those who suffer. He added, to the wealth of his perceptions over the crudest of realities, an equal and surprising ability in the aesthetic and formal conception, expressing, with plurality, the different ways of suffering, making totally different these three pieces.
(…) Duato is an artist, who shows that art, apart from being beauty and poetry, is also the maximum and deepest model of human reality, and reminds us that, in our reality, there is much that ought to be changed. We shall have to wait until May to admire again Duato's choreographic, aesthetic and philosophic genius.
(…) Arcángelo (Archangel), another harmonious creation, illustrates with a succession of different duets concerti grossi de Corelli (…) The choreographer also offers something that is very rare in our times: love duets that evoke sweetness and peace.
(…) Por Vos Muero (I die for you) needs no introduction, simply because I consider this work, which premiered in 1996, to be the masterpiece of its creator still. The simplification of the elements evokes a sense of perfection that the music that is used possesses in its mixture of grace and populism, ingenuity, and analysis of the sentiments. But I do not want enthusiasm and emotion to subtract words from the two openings of this season: Arcángelo, with music by Corelli, and Ofrenda de Sombras, which also uses old music styles in a fascinating and superficial electronic collage created by Alberto Iglesias, lend continuity and also magnificence to a "duatan" line that has obtained, or that must obtain, universal recognition.
The top 10 fastest cars from Lexus are ranked from fastest to slowest based on their 0-60 times. We crunched the numbers from the best estimates of several premier resources, including Motor Trend, Road & Track, Car & Driver and more.
Pulling up at #20 in this class is the 2013 Lexus GS 350, which races 0-60 mph in 5.7 seconds. Sports cars with this rate of acceleration are generally classified as Fast Cars.
It lags behind the #19 ranked 2006 Lexus GS 430 by just hundredths of a second and darts ahead of the #21 ranked 2013 Lexus GS 450h by 0.2 seconds.
Whether you are behind the wheel of one of these cars or happen to spot one in the next lane over, think twice before you step on the gas pedal. In a race from 0-60 mph between 2013 Lexus GS 350 vs. 2013 Lexus GS 450h, you would WIN by 0.2 seconds!
If you happen to roll up next to another Lexus, be sure you know what you're up against. Find out where your car stands among the top 10 fastest cars from 2013.
We provide the most comprehensive collection of zero to 60 times, comparisons and class standings. Our proprietary 0-60 time calculations are based on the best estimates from several of the premier sources, including Motor Trend, Road & Track, Car & Driver and more. The data presented by Sportscar Standings are estimates only, are not guaranteed to be accurate, and are subject to change at any time.
You do not need to be a celebrity to appear fashionable. You do not need a personal stylist to look good. Fashion is about taste and it takes a whole lot of guts to wear your own style and spell confidence. Festivities and celebrations are in the air and of course, you want to put […]
The item upgrade pro 2x 100w led fresnel video photography studio lighting bicolor light is in sale since Friday, August 1, 2014. High efficiency, save 80% power consumption. Offer a Bi-color spectrum, beautifully soft light.
Filed under: Category photography | Tags: bicolor,fresnel,light,lighting,photography,studio,upgrade,video by admin
Is your playing writing checks that your tone can't cash? Don't worry! Tube Pilot Overdrive is full of the organic, touch sensitive saturation of a vintage tube amp being pushed into the danger zone and propels your tone to the stratosphere. Powerful enough to satisfy any guitar ace feeling the need for speed, Tube Pilot's fire spitting tones are powered by a glowing 12AX7 vacuum tube for authentic amp response. Kick in the afterburner and take the lead!
Tube Pilot gives you the sound and feel of an old school tube preamp being pushed into natural distortion. Inside the pedal lives a 12AX7 vacuum tube like that used in preamp stages on many, many classic guitar amps, producing the rich, harmonically saturated overdrive that only tubes can produce. Using the Tube Drive knob on the pedal, you control how hard the tube is working. From barely breaking a sweat to switching on the afterburners and blasting into the stratosphere.
The tone and feel you get from Tube Pilot is like what you'd get from an old school tube amplifier. It's extremely touch sensitive and reacts to how you attack the strings. Just like on a vintage tube amp turned up, you can use picking dynamics to seamlessly go from warm, clean chimes to fat blues tones or rich, grinding rock sounds with plenty of sustain. Housed in a high quality metal exterior, Tube Pilot Overdrive is sturdy and rugged and will serve you reliably out on the road with its tough metal enclosure and high quality materials. The all-analog circuitry operates quietly and true bypass technology maintains the integrity of your tone when the pedal is off.
Well, I’ve been waiting for this site for a long time and finally it came out and boy, is it a good one! Check out the Studs Violating MILFS and watch hottest mature babes getting in trouble when young studs with huge cocks abduct them and force their big dicks deep down their throats, pussy and ass. Man, each forced sex video inside the Studs Violating MILFS is 100% exclusive and cannot be found anywhere else. Every woman is hot beyond dreams and every single one of them is getting her ass brutalized by horny young studs and their tireless huge dicks. Check out the incredible camera work and amazing angles, hear them MILFS scream and fight for their life while being forced to suck cock and take it up the ass. Join the Studs Violating MILFS right now and you won’t be disappointed!
It was an ordinary evening, when Grace watched TV and her young tenant roamed around trying to find some pastime. Suddenly he approached her from behind and pushed his hand into her bra trying to touch her nipple with the tip of his pointer. Grace tried to resist him, but she was too weak to overpower the ruggedly built fucker so soon he stripped her off and banged her snatch yelling with pleasure.
Check out the Boys Forcing Moms right now and watch cruel forced sex videos where teenage boys are forcing their best friends’ moms to sex in ways that will truly scare you. I’m a long time fan of forced sex porn and I can tell you that I’ve yet to find forced sex as brutal as this stuff right here. Boys Forcing Moms is full of 100% exclusive forced sex videos and pictures. Each video is masterfully directed and beautifully shot delivering mind blowing forced sex experience straight to your screen. Boys Forcing Moms is as close to real underground forced sex porn as it gets and I’ve tremendously enjoyed witnessing these ... ExtremeViolation.com
Inside the Extreme Violation one could find anything he or she ever wanted to see in forced sex porn. Extreme Violation has the most hardcore forced sex videos featuring sexy little girls being forced to sex by violent men and being subjected to scary sexual abuse and torture! I’ve seen videos from the Extreme Violation member’s area and I can tell you that they are the most brutal I’ve seen to this day. Cute little teens are getting big dicks forced into their holes, pussies and ass holes are torn to shreds, bleeding, cum stained mess. But forcing them to sex is not all these violent guys do. They also sexually ...
An amazing array of quality forced sex porn is now available inside the Forced Violation! This is a brand spanking new forced sex project started by the very people who invented online forced sex porn and it is simply outstanding! Each video is beautifully directed and shot by a great cameramen who really understand what we would like to see the most and he give it to us plain and simple. Girls inside Forced Violation are all hot as hell and the best part is that they are actually being forced to sex in these videos. They scream and cry and beg for mercy but no mercy is coming their way anytime soon. They are being used, sexually abused, ... GeezersForceGirls.com
This brand new forced sex porn site is called Geezers Force Girls for a good reason. Inside this site you will find some pretty shocking videos featuring real old geezers forcing hot young girls to sex in ways that boggle mind. Despite being old these fucks know what they are doing and they show tremendous skills when it comes to stalking and abducting their victims. No one will ever suspect a friendly old guy of having a human, female prisoner in his basement yet they do and they enjoy forcing them to oral sex, forcing them to anal sex and torturing them too! Watch exclusive forced sex porn videos inside the ...
I know that you are going to love Girls Forced to Fuck because this site is full of great looking teens forced to sex in various cruel and brutal ways. There is nothing hotter than a sexy little teen naked and scared, staring at that huge dick bearing down at her like a freight train, forcing its way into her virgin ass and tearing it to shreds causing unbearable pain and unimaginable suffering. They scream and cry, tears run down their faces like waterfalls as they beg their assailants to stop, but they won’t stop until that ass looks like a land mine exploded in it. After assholes are destroyed, poor little teens are forced to suck dick and then ... OldBrutalFuckers.com
Old Brutal Fuckers is going to blow your mind! Here you will see senior citizens going out and about forcing young teens along the way. Old Brutal Fuckers offers you some of the most shocking forced sex porn that was ever produced. I absolutely enjoyed every single video inside this site and looks like all videos and pictures are exclusive to Old Brutal Fuckers only. I know that grandpas forcing young teens to sex sounds a bit sick but isn’t sick is what we all looking for in quality forced sex porn? Watch these guys who can barely walk yet have no trouble maintaining an erection lure ...
Old Guys Violating Teens is for those of you who enjoy watching grown men forcing young, innocent teens to sex. These cute teen girls never know what hit them until it’s too late and they are impaled on that huge cock, absolutely helpless. Watch some of the most shocking forced sex porn videos right now and witness some horrible acts of forced sex with hot, innocent teens. Big, strong men in their mid 40s to mid 50s love force fucking virgin 18 years old teens for fun and they never get tired of doing that. They stalk, attack and then force cute girls to sex for hours, days and sometimes even months in secret locations all over the country. ... OldMenForceTeens.com
Old Men Force Teens is a brand spanking new forced sex site that is full of exclusive and highly shocking content featuring old men forcing young, innocent teens to sex! It may sound simple but it sure is not and you will need to join the Old Men Force Teens to find out just how sick and shocking this forced sex porn really is. I’ve been a member of quite a few forced sex sites over the years but none played on the same level of sheer brutality carried out by horny, violent older men towards young, innocent and often virgin little teens! You will see these old guys force fucking tight assholes, face fucking cute teens against their will and force fucking tight 18 ...
Welcome to the Rough Forced Sex a brand new forced sex site. Inside the rough forced sex one can find an abundance of real hardcore, uncensored, unimaginably cruel and violent forced sex porn videos and pictures. Rough Forced Sex is a new project from a team of highly dedicated people who love and understand forced sex porn and this time they bring us the most brutal forced sex porn yet. What I love about Rough Forced Sex is that all content inside is exclusive and you won’t find stuff as cruel as this. I’ve been a forced sex buff for many years and I haven’t been that scared while watching forced sex videos ever in my life!... WomenForcedToSex.com
Welcome to the Women Forced to Sex and let’s have some fun watching gorgeous women of all ages being forced to sex in front of the camera. They beg for mercy, they beg not to be fucked in the ass at the very least but our violent guys are silent and cold as a stone and have dicks just as hard when they force them deep up those assholes, fucking them so rough they bleed. Then, they take those shit and blood stained cocks into their mouths for a clean up and only then force them up those tight pussies, pumping them hard and filling them with cum leaving women pregnant. These boys stalk their...
At Boys Force MILFS everyone who loves forced sex porn is up for a real treat! This new forced sex site is full of exclusive videos and pictures featuring horny, young teenage boys brutally forcing hot, sexy MILFS to all kinds of sex. These boys have raging hormones and they desperately need to get laid and when women deny, they take the wrong path, stalk, abduct and force mature bitches to sex. They force fuck their warm and wet mouths and then stuff their pussies full of dick and for dessert they force fuck their tight ass holes, making MILFS scream like wounded animals! Boys Force MILFS is a site where you will find the most ... BoysForcingMilfs.com
Boys Forcing MILFS is a brand new forced sex site that features videos about young, barely legal teenage boys forcing hot MILFS to sex and fucking each hole on their bodies including ears and nostrils. You might know that teenagers are the most brutal and cruel people in the world and during our age of information they are taking it up a notch or two and actually going out there to find sexy MILFS knock them out cold with something heavy, drive them to remote woods or some abandoned apartments and then force fuck hot mature bodies for days before leaving their victims to die in the puddle of blood and ...
rape of boys forcing girls to sleep and sex removes her clothes fully naked rape of american video on rape sex you tube rape brutal dildos longer flash porn
a vidoe of a girl held down by her boyfriend and getting her clothes torn apart and forced to have her pussy sucked buffie the bodie porn
Since I’ve had so many comments and emails asking me about my Make-up routine, I decided to make a small video.
I am not big into make-up, not because I don’t like it, but because I don’t know much about it, so as you can see, what I do is very simple, yet I feel it works with my personal style.
Sorry for the poor video quality but I had to shoot it with my MAC webcam, since I needed to have a mirror reflection so I could see what I was doing.
ive already commented on this…but i just realized: you're left handed?! haha random fact about you :pxoxoHolly
Great!I use even less make up than you (usually no make up at all), but my humble tip is using a cream blush either as a blusher either as a lipstick!Kisses!
can I leave you some beauty-tips? First of all:put a moisturiser on your skin, before the foundation! other thing: If a product is more expencive than the others, it doesn't meen that its quality is better! Do you check the ingredients? There are a lot of "vegan" foundations, which are great!!and cheaper.. they don't damage your skin, at the contrary they make it seem better! When you put on your mascara: don't pump it so many times! once is enough! Otherwise some air will enter in your product, which will last much less than it should! I hope to be usefull.. I'm writing from Italy
In compliance with current rules and regulations concerning personal data protection, we inform you that the personal data obtained by our forms constitute part of the documentation that falls under the responsibility of INAEM Compañía Nacional de Danza and are treated by that entity with the aim of managing communications between COMPAÑÍA NACIONAL DE DANZA and you.
The programmes and dates appearing on this website are for general guidance only and may be subject to changes. Please make sure you confirm any programmed events with their respective venues, especially dates and times.
The MAE department offers graduate study leading to the Master of Science and Doctor of Philosophy degrees in:
The department also offers a track of study within the Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering that focuses on Fire Science and Engineering. Additionally, students can earn their master's degree in Mechanical Engineering 100% online.
Degree requirements and course descriptions for both the Master of Science and the PhD in Mechanical Engineering and Aerospace Engineering can be reviewed in the university's General Bulletin.
Incoming students are encouraged to apply for Departmental Research positions, which offer full tuition and support to qualified students. In addition, research funds are used to provide assistantships that support the thesis research of graduate students. A limited number of fellowships providing partial support is also available for students enrolled in the B.S./M.S. program.
The department believes that the success of its graduates at all levels is due to emphasis on project and problem-oriented course material coupled with the broad-based curricular requirements.
Each M.S. student may select either Plan A which requires a research thesis or Plan B which does not require a thesis. The department also offers an M.S. Comprehensive Option (no thesis) which requires coursework and a passing grade on a comprehensive exam (to be arranged by the student and his/her advisor). Doctoral dissertations in all programs must be original contributions to the existing body of knowledge in engineering and science.
Academic requirements for graduate degrees in engineering are as specified by The Case School of Engineering. A more detailed set of rules and regulations for each degree program contained here is available from the department. More general information may be found at the School of Graduate Studies website and in the university's General Bulletin.
To maintain the high quality of our graduates, we require the GRE General exam and the TOEFL exam where applicable. The admissions guidelines for the Department are given below. Please consider these guidelines to decide whether you should apply. Students not fitting within the guidelines but demonstrating they would be excellent students may also be admitted.
Applicants are expected to have their undergraduate or M.S. degrees in Mechanical Engineering, or Aerospace Engineering or related areas from a reputable university. The GRE is a departmental requirement all incoming students must take. The Graduate Record Examination (GRE) Quantitative score should be at least in the 80th percentile or higher.
International applicants cannot be admitted without receipt of a TOEFL, IELTS, or PTE score that meet the minimum requirements as mentioned below. All scores are valid for two years after the test date. The GRE is valid for five years after the test date.
In order to waive the TOEFL or IELTS requirement, the applicant must meet one of the following requirements:
The student has completed a Bachelor's or a higher degree at a foreign university where the instruction was in English (this statement must appear on the student's official transcript).
The AEP progam is designed for promising international students to receive English language development needed to raise language scores on the TOEFL or IELTS test exams. If admitted to our graduate program, you will be admitted provisionally and will take 1-2 full time (9 credit hours) modules depending on your language score. Students must finish all requirements for this program and score a 90 or above on the TOEFL at the end of the module in order to be fully admitted to the graduate program you have applied for. After successfully complete the course, you will also receive a Certificate to list on your resume at the conclusion of the program.
Please note, students cannot simply sign up for the AEP program. You need to apply to the graduate program of your choice through our online application portal and the department will review your applicaiton. If the department decides to proceed with the admission but, your TOEFL or IELTS score is lower than our minimum standards, then the AEP rogram can be an option to proceed with admission.
To be eligible for a student visa you must be able to show that you have sufficient financial support. If you are awarded an Assistantship, this support comes from our department. Otherwise, you must submit an affidavit of financial support sufficient to cover your first year of studies which is tuition for the academic year plus $13,000 for living expenses.
Applications are reviewed twice a year; in February for the Fall semester, and in October for the Spring semester. OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPTS SHOULD BE SENT TO THE SCHOOL OF GRADUATE STUDIES, SEE BELOW.
Please do not send emails with your resume and test scores asking if you could be admitted. We can only make admission decisions after a complete and thorough reveiw of a complete application packet. If you meet all of the application requirements including minimum test scores mentioned above, we welcome you to apply to the program.
If you wish to be considered for financial aid, you must indicate so on your application. The department faculty makes the final decisions concerning the award and type of aid offered to the student applicants. Decisions on awarding aid occur at various times during the application process, but generally are announced in March for fall semester and in November for spring semester enrollment. Learn more about financial aid now.
Institutions you have attended. If admitted, all official transcripts, degree verification and official translations should be mailed to:
academic preparation, abilities and accomplishments. At some point during the online application, you will be prompted to input email addresses of the three people you have chosen to write a recommendation letter for you. If for some reason this feature doesn’t work, you will find a recommendation form on the online instructions page, please send this to your recommenders to complete, they can also attach a separate letter. Each recommendation letter must be mailed to me in a sealed envelope with the recommender's initials written across the back seal of the envelope.
Official score reports of all standardized tests (GRE, TOEFL, etc.) designated for receipt by the University (Code 1105) will be coordinated with your application by the Graduate Admission Officer. Pending our receipt of your scores from the testing agencies, you may also want to send a copy of your “candidate score report” when you receive it. The test scores are currently reported electronically. The School of Graduate Studies and the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering can view the official scores as needed. You are free to include with your application any supporting materials of your own selection, e.g., a list of your publications, or a summary of a paper. CD’s or full publications are rarely looked at in total so a synopsis is recommended.
A. Domestic application materials should be received in our office by: August 1st for the Fall semester admission and December 20th for the Spring semester admission. International application materials should be received in our office (not postmarked) by: February 1st for the Fall semester admission and October 1st for the Spring semester admission
A. The Graduate Record Examination (GRE) Quantitative score should be at least in the 80th percentile or higher.
My country does not use your standard for GPA, how can I convert it to receive fair consideration by the faculty?
A. NO, in order to expedite admission decisions, we need to have the offiical test scores at the time of application. Therefore, please have all OFFICIAL TEST SCORES sent to Case via ETS using institutional code 1105.
A. The institutional code for Case is 1105. You no longer need a dept. code since official test scores are uploaded into a database and each dept. has its own access.
A. Yes. However, your I-20 will not be processed until the financial statement is received by International Student Services. If there is a problem with the information this will just further delay you papers. It is better to send them early.
A. No. There is no official form. All you need is a bank statement stating the amount of support, who the support is from, and a verification from the bank that the money is there. This is a standard support statement.
I am confused about the letter of recommendation? Does this have to be submitted on-line or can it still be sent to you via regular mail?
A. You can submit the letters online which is what is preferred. If there was a problem submitting them online, then it can be sent via regular mail, it should be sent in a sealed envelope with the recommender’s initials written across the back seal.
A. Sorry, but all the TA positions are filled by our Ph.D. students. All of our Ph.D. students are required to teach three classes to receive their degree.
I sent my information to Graduate Studies instead of the listed address, will this speed the application process up?
A. No it will actually slow things down. They will have to find the material and send it to our department via campus mail which may take another week or so.
Quilts with cats on them theme lesley hardwick textile artist. Quilts cats theme the cat mini quilt with on them.
Quilts with cats on them cypress creek quilters guild november 2012 quilt show a garden of quilting delights by magnoliafly how cute theme. quilts cats theme i made this quilted wall hanging for my sister in memory of her two kitties sugar and spice it was fun finding just the right fabrics to match with on them.
The County of Gilpin does not charge a sales tax. The only sales tax charged within the unincorporated portions of Gilpin County is Colorado's 2.9%. Central City's sales tax rate is 4%; for Black Hawk's sales tax information, please call City Hall at 303-582-5221. If a transaction occurs within unincorporated Gilpin County (outside these two cities), only the State's 2.9% would apply.
For further assistance, please call the Colorado Department of Revenue, Business Information Division, at 303-238-7387 and you may also access sales tax information online at http://axco.g1.com.
As budgets decrease, programs continue to overrun and deliver late. Over the past 25 years, dozens of major Federal programs have been cancelled due to projected costs more than doubling and delayed delivery, costing $100B+. But others have successfully managed and overcome these challenges. Organizations need to have the capabilities, expertise, and the tools to increase the odds of project/program success.
Cobec Consulting is your solution. We are an energetic and innovative management consulting company that employs a variety of disciplines, methods, and tools to partner with our clients, helping them to shape the future success of their organizations—all at an exceptional value.
We deliver accurate, comprehensive, and defensible solutions that enable programs to make smart, informed decisions. Our services reflect the wide range of talents, capabilities, and expertise of our consultants, who together are able to meet the often complex needs of our clients.
Innovation ensures we stay in the forefront of data analysis, interpretation, and visualization to continuously enhance our capabilities and solutions. Our Innovation Center is an arena within Cobec where new technologies, capabilities and initiatives are tested, designed and developed.
Cobec is a management consulting company where people would want to work. A business powered by smart, diverse people passionate about doing meaningful, quality work. A work place valuing the well being of employees and trusting them to balance work with life. A culture with a level of freedom in communication, open accessibility to leadership, and personal autonomy and responsibility empowering confident employees.
The culture that exists at Cobec, and the talented people who drive it, have powered the smart and continued growth of our employees, business, and clients. We are successful because of our people, and we make choices to support them.
Our entrepreneurial culture drives us to keep up with the latest industry trends, expand our capabilities, broaden our expertise, build our team, and deliver the highest quality solutions to our clients. We are a quickly-expanding company always looking to build strong, enduring partnerships and are seeking talented professionals to join our team. Work with us!
I guess that's no real surprise because we frequent a simple gratific Zapatos Gucci Mujer：www.comdeportivaes.com/ ation society. Who wouldnt intent Bolsos Chloe Madrid：www.noubolsoes.com/ to make money fast anyway? If no single gets hurt,Zapatos Gucci Mujer, and absolutely is illegitimate followed by theres nothing wrong with preparing a fast buck.
You are able to result in an office relatively next to the capita Bolsos y Carteras Fendi：www.noubolsoes.com/ l means plenty of deliveries and order camisetas baratas：www.esportivasala.com/ s can come much sooner,Bolsos y Carteras Fendi, this can be a case looking for previously a whole lot of delivery businesses include a headquarters in the center of London, so a d New Balance...
Recent trends: دیده شود japanese mother boy amateur foursome swap wild milf wife swap screraming milf screaming milf wendy group. All xxx free clips and images are property and copyright of their owners.
The most likely reasons for this are: you entered an incorrect username or password (check the email you were sent when you first registered) or the administrator has deleted or suspended your account for some reason. If it is the latter case then perhaps you did not post anything that may have breached the terms and conditions?
If you created a profile more than two years ago (using the old profiles system) the pagename and password are not an actual SPRACI account. (the old profiles system used its own simple authentication which was not compatible with the authentication methods used currently on SPRACI.)
Hey girl! Your make up routine is a great start :) I noticed that you used a sponge to blend out your foundation – I suggest to get a foundation brush (Say… the MAC 131 brush, its great for liquid foundations) just because I find that the sponge absorbs a lot of the product. Just a tip :) You can try it out and see what works best for you :)xofabricrefined.blogspot.com
Andy! you're super! stay humble, that's what makes you special! ♥ you've been my inspiration since last year (and for me that's quite a long time!) xoxo
Thanks for doing this! Love it! If you don't already, put a blow dryer against your eyelash curler for 5 seconds for an even better curl that lasts!
Andy, for you and the readers I would really recommend a two make-up artists sisters Sam and Nic: PIXIWOO!You can learn everything about make-up from these lovely ladies:http://www.youtube.com/user/pixiwooAnd they have a blog too:http://pixiwoo.blogspot.com/Hope this will be useful to someone :)Best regards ^_^
You make it look so easy!! I'm a little bit of a make-up dummy myself…. Last week I bought new Chanel make-up and now that I've seen your video I think I can do it too! I'm going to practice tomorrow! :PGreat blog dear! <3www.lachosemagnifique.blogspot.com
Thanks for ur make-up tips, Andy! I think you look beautiful even without the make-up:)TheOwlsCloset.blogspot.com
Hello Andy! I go to amesterdam in march, i would like to know if exist jeffrey campbell store in there! (?) or something like that. I really wanna buy ones ^^(i love your blog) big kiss.
hi Andy,i must say u know the basics very well,and your 5 minutes technique is good.you might wanna try also highlight,contour and eyeshadow…i reccomend you watch some tutorial videos of carmindy on youtube,like this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPVwKsYAmOQ
This was so helpful! Thank you so MUCH! I can't wait to try it tomorrow morning-The Trendy Fashionistahttp://thetrendyfashionista.blogspot.com
I wish I knew more about make-up myself! Where I live though, we can go into big department stores where they do your make-up for free(to try to sell it to you obviously), so I think I might do that. The way you do your make-up is very similar to me:) So I'm not so sure if I have any tips..maybe just play around with it a little more? like try some nice grey or shimmery pink eye shadows:)xoxo Hollywwww.ipsyfashoindiary.blogspot.comlove the video by the way, pretty as always! :D
I feel it's a great routine for you,but in my opinion ,you do not need to fill in your eyebrows.You have great shape and color already :)
Nice video, however I find 5 min quite long for a make up! But the result is great. Do you want to view my "Workshop in Your Closet" project video?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlRvpOUwcS8Have a nice week!
fun video, enjoyed watching it, loving that simple and natural makeup of yourshttp://elenavasilieva.blogspot.com/x
You don't need all that make-up:). With or without, you are a pretty girl!http://theboydoesnotlikethat.blogspot.com/
You make such cute faces when you put on make-up. I never you so much powder, I guess it doesn't work for me..or maybe I have problems with my pores.
could you please upload it on your facebook account too ? I'm from england and i can't watch it either.loveee your blog btw
I saw this on Youtube first, but yay so simple. You really don't need to take too much time on Makeup I feel like some people over do it when in reality you need to give your skin a break once in a while.
Really nice video! Although I think you don't need any make-up since your beautiful without too!!Xx Jorienshe–said.blogspot.com
humm you kind of disappointed me..you wear too much makeup..but you look pretty anyway..i like the eyes makeup
it's a pity I can't watche the video from here (germany) because I'd love to know about your routine:)
wow Andy, this was amazing… and something new, loved it… Thanks for sharing your make up regime… XXP.S. your facial expressions at the end: very cutecapturingfashionindia.blogspot.com
I like it a lot :) Good video!And you're a lot more than me, so you know a little bit more..www.christina-chrislicious.blogspot.com
when a person's as pretty as you are, there's only one rule – the less, the better;) great, simple make-up.
Lovely post! And I don't know that much about make-up either but I like your video!style-in-sight.blogspot.com
i can't watch it from germany… says something about sony music content..could you change that or upload it somewhere else?
A giant hamster-wheel, which powered the movement of a colossal finger attracted a long line of people.
The black shoes had motion-control sensors within them, which forced the beat to play in time with your footsteps, instead of the other way around.
It's all chain stitch. I'm using size 5 pearl cotton for all of the colors except black, which is Vineyard Merino wool. Working with the wool is new for me -- it's usually used for crewel work. I love the stretch.
I love the colors you used. I don't know why but I find chain stitch kind of difficult - maybe I should practice more!
I’m a Durham-based stitch artist & blogger, with a focus on text, self-portraiture & texture. I embroider, sketch, paint and experiment. This blog is a place to share my creative exploration of my world. You can also find my monthly column, Inspired to Stitch, on Mr X Stitch. Other passions: Travel, baseball, stories & cooking. I’m Nuyorican and my dial is turned to 11! Thanks for stopping by. Leave me a comment, mijos.
A one-bedroom apartment is just enough. It can be perfect for a single person, or a young couple. It leaves its occupants with just enough space to live comfortably and entertain a few friends, but not so much space that every weekend is filled with dusting or every holiday becomes an excuse for overnight guests. The two apartments featured here have a few things in common. First, they both have just one bedroom. Second, they both use modern color schemes, with natural wood elements as well as pretty jewel-toned accents. Take a look and see how a one-bedroom apartment with the right designer can be a dream home.
The first set of photos is from a concept for a small apartment design concept in Kiev. In the living room, nesting coffee tables make for a practical and stylish furnishing.
Recessed lighting is always a good choice above a television since it can be easily dimmed or brightened depending on whether the television is in use.
There is not a ton of extra space for dining, but the simple, modern bar is perfect for one or two people.
White brick is chic and sophisticated, in addition to making a perfect frame for the natural light coming in from the terrace.
The bedroom brings back the lovely jewel-toned purple from the living room sofa with the plush headboard and bedding.
Bedroom pendant lights dangle delicately over a cute caged sidetable and give the bedroom a bit of a romantic glow.
White and wood again work well with the natural lighting in the space, with wood flooring adding another sophisticated touch.
In the bathroom, the black and white motif comes back, but the design is more creative than many bathrooms with a similar color scheme.
The textured black wall tiles add a lot of visual interest to the space and still work well with the white stone.
Not many people go to the length of having decorative vases and freshly cut flowers in their bathroom, but it can make a huge and beautiful difference.
Even with the diamond-patterned backsplash, another texture is brought in. And yet, the design feels simple and modern, not busy.
Silver fixtures are the easiest way to finish out this bathroom design, letting the interesting materials stand on their own.
The second apartment measures in at 48 square meters (516 square feet), which is certainly not sprawling but leaves plenty of room for creative design. The stylish desk chair you see here is the Husk Swivel Armchair by Patricia Urquiola.
As with the first apartment, a richly colored sofa takes center stage, this time in a royal blue. The use of accessories like unique plant stands in a small space can be very effective when not overdone.
A living room full of neutral color feels big and open, despite the relatively small size. Recessed lighting and big windows help a lot.
The use of texture is another commonality with the first space we saw. A soft gray rug, textured sofa, smooth curtains, shiny coffee table — all have their own purpose and invite touch.
Rather than typical hung art, this space uses wall murals, which can also make the home feel bigger.
A white eat-in kitchen with suspended plants and sleek, modern furniture is a beautiful place to breakfast.
Natural wood walls and cabinetry are a timeless choice for the open kitchen area, while a small bar is idea for a quick meal or drink.
A is a creative nod to Seattle while also bringing in a bit of that landmark’s modern, unique design.
Pulling on a pair of boots has never been so luxurious as when done in this perfectly situated nook by the front door.
Again, the blue tones come back in the bedroom. Here, a plush gray bed with blue bedding is instantly reminiscent of the ocean.
The bathroom is bright and beautiful with the flattering ring light mirror making a practical addition.
The accessories in the bathroom design stay out of the way of the more creative elements, like this minimalist toilet paper holder that was chosen as opposed to the more unique toilet paper holders that are available.
Share it on any of the following social media channels below to give us your vote. Your feedback helps us improve.
Our mission is to help people visualize, create & maintain beautiful homes. We bring to you inspiring visuals of cool homes, specific spaces, architectural marvels and new design trends.
Your is used to show possession: Your book is black. My book is red. You're is used as the contraction for you are: I hope you're not confused!
SIOC researchers made considerable progress in catalytic enantioselective synthesis of chiral-at-cage carboranes
Transition-metal-catalyzed enantioselective reaction is a promising strategy to obtain enantiomerically enriched compounds to support the ever-growing needs of pharmaceutical industry. Although carboranes are finding many important applications in medicinal and materials chemistry, the study of chiral-at-cage carboranes is still a blank field due to the lack of asymmetric synthetic methods. Icosahedral carboranes can be viewed as three-dimensional analogues to benzenes, whose chirality is determined by the substitution patterns on the polyhedron (Figure 1). Introduction of new chirality at the boron clusters can result in novel chiral-at-cage carborane ligands as well as important potential chiral drug building blocks.
The XIE group from the Shanghai-Hong Kong Joint laboratory in Chemical Synthesis, Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry (SIOC) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences takes the challenges to develop new methodologies for transition-metal catalyzed selective B–H activation/functionalization of carboranes. On the basis of their previously reported palladium-catalyzed regioselective intramolecular arylation of o-carboranes , they developed an asymmetric B−H substitution strategy to generate chiral-at-cage o-carboranes with high efficiency and regioselectivity as well as enantioselectivity (J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2018, 140, 4508) (Scheme 2). This is the first step toward new types of molecular design in boron cage inherent chirality, which will open avenues to a new class of chiral-at-cage o-carboranes. This work was highlighted by JACS Spotlights entitled “Direct Chiral-at-Cage Carborane Construction”.
This work was carried out under the supervision of Profs. Zuowei Xie and Zaozao Qiu at Shanghai-Hong Kong Joint laboratory in Chemical synthesis, in collaboration with Prof. Yong Tang and Prof. Shu-Li You at State Key Laboratory of Organometallic Chemistry and Prof. Wenjun Tang at State Key Laboratory of Bio-Organic and Natural Products Chemistry, which sets a very good example for the active collaboration between Shanghai and Hong Kong researchers in SIOC. This work was financially supported by the National Natural Sciences Foundation of China, CAS-Croucher Funding Scheme and NSFC/RGC Joint Research Scheme.
Dragan Ilić, Serbian - Australian - American artist, lives and works in New York and Belgrade. In the forty-five years of Ilić's art practice he has been investigating the balance between help and hinderance in the technologies of artistic production. In his performances and installations of the seventies and early eighties, Ilić began using fistfulls of pencils thrown at walls, at himself, bundled together, clamped, or fastened to drills.
As his work developed through the eighties and nineties, Ilić created increasingly complex tools in response to advancements in technology. These tools incorporated a range of mark-making materials from pencils to poured paint to lasers, working over surfaces including paper, canvas, and metals. His interest in creating a symbiosis between humans and technology led him to extend the body through video projections and robotic machines which began as simple movable platforms and evolved into robotic devices that could be controlled remotely by the artist or by the participating audience.
In his exhibition at the Experimental Film/Video Festival, Tokyo in 1988, inspired by investigations in contemporary physics of the multiverse, Ilić drew on paper with amplified sound, simultaneously projecting images onto moving balloons while performing in specially constructed simulated "virtual reality" suit with attached T.V. Helmet. Ilić's work combines a laborious and highly meticulous process, often requiring months of careful assembling of tools, with a instinctive, visceral, and often controversial performative experience. Some of his works, such as his ongoing performance, "The People I Don't Like," are overtly political, offering the audience an opportunity to hurl sharpened pencils at him while he invokes the names of people in power whose actions he questions.
Other works seek to highlight the systems of technologies that serve us and in turn codify human behavior. His work has been termed post-subjective, a designation that indicates a reordering of artistic authorial hierarchies. While Ilić remains in control as the grand architect of his devices, his collisions with its failings question notions of authorship and ownership as humanity moves into ever-increasing partnerships with the technologies we create. Ilić founded the experimental performance space ITS-Z1 in Belgrade in 2009, which serves as a platform for the intersection of art and science and has hosted internationally-acclaimed experimental artists such as Stelarc. Ilić's work has been featured in television presentations and shown in numerous performance spaces, galleries, and museums internationally including Documenta, PS 1 MoMa, the Center for Cultural Decontamination in Belgrade, Queens Museum of Art, and recently at the Museum of Science in Boston as a part of National Robotics Week, April 2010.
The urgency for 'RETRIBUTION' on all five continents, an interactive site specific critical performance installation by Dragan Ilic, came about in recognition of the economic, religious, political, generational but most of all epistemological crisis affecting the entire planet.
"RETRIBUTION", which will begin in Europe (Belgrade), and continue in Asia, Africa, Australia, South America, ending in the U.S.A is a critical act about the power structures not allowing the necessary changes to the system.
The idea for this high-risk worldwide retributive justice conceptual art project evolved out of Dragan Ilic's previous performances- 'THE PEOPLE I DON'T LIKE' - which he began in Australia in 1977.
The world's problems have reached a boiling point worldwide, a crisis shared simultaneously through the use of social media, a key organizing tool. People, but particularly the young and minorities have been marginalized; they can no longer sustain the growing mega gap between rich and poor, old and new beliefs and value systems. The biggest stumbling block, however, is the fact that young people are not allowed to participate and contribute new ideas; the social and political structures consistently exclude them. Therefore, critical masses at first grew into peaceful protests. Stubborn regimes did not want to accommodate change, and peaceful protests gave way, in a domino effect, to the uprisings and revolutions, most evident in the Middle East. Regimes could change only when millions of people were on the streets protesting and refusing to work.
Photographs of politicians (size 30 x 42 cm) with descriptions of their bad deeds and actions and photographs with logos of multinational companies will be nailed through with sharpened red pencils, a symbol of the necessary critical action and consequent epistemological revolution.
Dragan Ilić and spectators will nail photographs down on the ground or on the walls, trees, facades. After the nailing is completed, we will leave them on the site.
There are at smallest 3 artists/bands onymous ' Fist of Fury':1) Fist of Fury was a hardcore hood musical organization from Hoeksche Waard, the Netherlands. They played their concluding demonstrate (along with No change Back and Terror) at a locus known as Bibelot, in Dordrecht, the Netherlands. From their My Space:"Fist Of anger started out first as descending To Earth.
Ninabbw. Age: 37. sensual, tender, sexy and open minded lady for all bbw lovers who want to relax after stressful day. discretion is always assured.
For fans who can't get plenty of their hero through celluloid, this Bruce Lee audio recording should alter the inaccessible hours quite nicely. Cut for Lee's 1972 kung-fu public presentation Fist of Fury, the disc veers from appropriately action-packed pieces liberally treated with fight-scene snippets (generally, an onrush of kicking, chopping, and unarticulate noises) to romantic respites afloat of wood flutes and chirping young lady noises. musician indian chief Koo does a fine job of showcasing Lee as the martial-arts knight, often balancing ill-natured tie charts against Morricone-style advance rhythms and appetizer ballroom music backdrops.
Sexiduoo. Age: 24. hello gentelmens! are you looking for a nice companion of smart attractive girls( 24 years old) with whom you will feel like with a real lover? we are natural, cultural very nice womans with sense of humor...
Created in May 2007, our Senior Abuse Unit investigates those who cheat, deceive, scam or abuse our New York Seniors. The unit is comprised of fraud investigators, interrogators and support staff. A special section within the Unit run by Eleanor E. Spring educates the public about senior fraud and abuse and teaches people how to avoid being victimized.
Senior Abuse questions or complaints are received on our toll free Senior Abuse Hotline at 1-877-643-3287. Our well trained staff help expedite assistance to senior citizens by providing information, helping with paperwork, making telephone calls and when necessary making personal visits to the victims home for one-on-one victim counseling.
In New York State there are roughly 2 1/2 million seniors, with 13% being 65 or older with the fastest growing segment of the New York population being 85 years of age or older. Frail and care dependent, our seniors are often susceptible to abuse, including physical and mental abuse, financial exploitation and neglect.
Statistically, senior citizens are favored targets for many kinds of consumer fraud including identity theft, payday loan scams, charities, telemarketing and sweepstakes fraud. Because of the various state agencies, local law enforcement, criminal investigators, fraud examiners and prosecutors who resolve cases of senior victimization, it may be difficult to know where to report certain senior abuse concerns.
A call to our toll free Senior Abuse Unit 1-877-643-3287 will allow anyone to report the abuse, neglect, financial exploitation or victimization of an older New York citizen to receive the necessary assistance to help address questions efficiently and expeditiously.
Although it certainly is feasible to rework any room of the home, one that tends to be harder however yields more advantages is reworking the kitchen. One of the the explanation why that's the case is because we tend to work within the kitchen each day and will probably have changes that we would like to make, as soon as the remodeling takes place. If you are going to be reworking the kitchen, it is a good suggestion for you to rent a contractor and to make sure that they are creative enough to observe your route in addition to to present recommendations based on their expertise. Here are some other ideas that may make it easier to by means of the process.
One of the things that many of us are fascinated about is saving a little bit bit of money on the remodeling undertaking. If you'll be doing a significant reworking, comparable to eradicating cabinets and even redoing the floor, it might get quite costly. One of the things that you are able to do to assist reduce down on the expenses could be to do as a lot of the work as you'll be able to deal with by yourself. In the event you're no less than a little bit bit useful, you are able to do some additional prep work and this will make it easier to to avoid wasting as a lot material as potential and to avoid some of the additional expense that will make it difficult to funds properly.
As with all sort of reworking undertaking, you should also plan for some issues to occur. When you have a contractor that is going to take care of the bulk of the work, it's probably that they are also aware of the potential of issues. That's especially the case whenever you start to tear out cabinets and start to reveal the walls behind them. Difficulties comparable to mildew, pipes in sudden locations and even crooked walls can make rebuilding the kitchen a difficult chore. With a certified contractor by your facet, nonetheless, these issues will likely be much less likely to prolong the time-frame of the kitchen reworking undertaking.
Finally, make sure that you are an lively part of the remodeling undertaking from the start to the top of it. It would not matter in case you are doing some of the work or not one of the work at all, it is your undertaking when all was mentioned and completed. If you're sad about something that is going down throughout the undertaking, make sure that you speak up about it and let the contractor know the way you feel. It can be crucial that you are pleased with the finished undertaking so that you don't remorse any part of it as you are persevering with to use the kitchen.
Thanks for visiting my blog, article above (Terrific Modular Wall Units HD Regarding Our Residence) published by Conall Walton at October, 18 2018.
There’s a very Badu-esque vibe on this track, with an unusual delivery with her smooth vocals over a wavy track. The song itself is going from one place in her life to another. Specifically, it appears that she’s having trouble letting go of a specific person or relationship. She knows that it’s not good for her despite her love for them, and must walk away at the end.
Just like their American conterparts, the bareback British boys work hard and play even harder. Be it fingers or cocks these horny guys get it on and stick it in bare and raw.
Standard Shipping: $5.95 for First Item, $1.00 for each item up to $9.95 Shipping is Free for any order over $100.
YOU MUST BE 18 OR OVER TO ACCESS THIS SITE! BEFORE PROCEEDING YOU MUST READ AND AGREE TO THE TERMS BELOW. The materials available within this Web Site include graphic visual depictions and descriptions of nudity and sexual activity. By clicking “I Agree” below, you are agreeing to the following: 1. You are an adult, at least 18 years of age, you are familiar with and understand the standards and laws of your local community regarding sexually-oriented media. You represent that, based on your familiarity with the standards and laws of your local community, you will not be violating any applicable standards or laws by requesting, receiving, downloading or possessing any of the video, audio, graphics, images or text (“Adult Material”) available on this Web Site. 2. You hereby acknowledge that any use of this Web Site is at your sole risk. You understand that by accepting the terms of this Agreement, you are agreeing to hold the Publisher of this Web Site harmless from any responsibilities or liabilities related to your use of this Web Site and the Adult Material contained herein. 3. You will not permit any person(s) under 18 years of age to have access to any of the Adult Materials contained in this Web Site. 4. You are voluntarily choosing to access this Web Site, because you want to view, read or hear the various Adult Materials that are available. You agree to immediately exit from this Web Site if you are in any way offended by the sexual nature of any Adult Material. 5. This Web Site contains links to other related Internet sites, resources, and sponsors. Selection of an ad banner or link may redirect you off of this Web Site to a third party site. Any content provided on such third party site or transactions (including memberships) that occur between you and the owner of any third party site are strictly between yourself and that third party and are not the responsibility of the Publisher of this Web Site. You should direct any concerns regarding any third party site to its site administrator or Webmaster. Your access to, or use of, any non-Publisher web site is at your sole risk. PLEASE NOTE: When you no longer see the URL you typed in the address display of your browser, you are no longer on this Web Site. 6. If you use this Web Site in violation of these Terms, or use this Web Site where such use is illegal, you may be in violation of local and/or federal laws. You agree that you are solely responsible for your use of this Web Site and any linked third party web sites, and agree to indemnify Publisher against any claims arising out of such use. 7. Additional important conditions apply to your use of this Web Site. 8. By clicking “I agree” at the bottom of this screen or by entering the Web Site, you agree to abide by the Complete Terms and Conditions of Use of the Web Site. If you do not agree to the Complete Terms and Conditions of Use, click on the “Exit” button and exit the Web Site.
The Redskins can have identified a different quarterback by using Alex Jackson You have to contend with this choice
Us your book evaluation producing project, you can be sure professional case study writers that only professional writers will do the job for you when you assign. We have proficient post writers who’re sufficiently seasoned in processing top quality ebook reviews, and these certified writers are the individuals that will control assembling your task. You a top quality book assessment, our writers are the ideal in shape for this kind of function if you are searching for someone to write. For that reason, allow us support you to compose an outstanding guide assessment which will ensure grades that are leading you. Order intake is the measure of all provides for items and providers processed by a company within a presented accounting period of time or monetary quarter. This figure represents all legally finished orders. Get intake does not incorporate consumer buys of items and companies nonetheless in process. A business has complete obligation to preserve its orders and complete these obligations to the gratification of every single shopper or buyer. Get intake does not incorporate any orders the firm does not total or receives no payment for delivering to the consumer.
Only higher-educated and skilled authors operate at our compose my essay on the web writing support. We picked the writers by particular requirements: exceptional grammar, spelling, ability to stick to any design and structure, perfect enhancing and proofreading abilities. The variety of the writers we cooperate with is huge consequently, we will constantly find a best one for applying your research job. We supply clever and expert creating in fifty topics such as high university, college, and university diploma stages.Our group consists of real experts who completely comprehend what just students want when asking create an essay for me as good as attainable.The primary edge of our workers is their expertise. We hire only people folks who have an extraordinary track record with educational writing. All of them are extremely devoted and enthused about items they do. The associates of our crew keep diplomas in Master’s and PhD. As a result, you can be certain that your work will be carried out at the highest amount feasible. Each working day we teach and improve our capabilities and approaches to operate even quicker. We know how to take care of even the craziest deadlines. a hundred% of all our orders have been delivered on time or even previously.
This belief is totally untrue. The only way you can lawfully reprint a copyrighted post is to get authorization (if possible composed) from the publication in which it first appeared. In some instances, you many even have to get authorization from the article’s writer, depending on who owns the legal rights to the tale.
We presently served countless numbers of pupils to write their academic papers and essays on time. Each and every day we get new orders and requests, which help save time and settle the nerves of our consumers. Really don’t hesitate! Feel Original to contact our administrators by chat or by telephone at your comfort. It usually gives us wonderful pleasure to do the function to your gratification. We would significantly appreciate your comments and comments on your expertise with our firm.
As a result, they must youth violence essay usually care about our customers will only know for certain until you are on the internet googling publish my essay for an essay on the internet from special sites, where professionals will carry out the process of composing may possibly not be required, so you can buy essays cheap from that web site and get it so that you are. But why fear if you shell out somebody to do this by by yourself youth violence essay. Us your book overview producing task, you can be certain that only professional writers will do the occupation for you when you assign. We have capable article writers who’re sufficiently knowledgeable in processing high quality guide testimonials, and these qualified writers are the men and women that will manage assembling your undertaking. You a high quality ebook evaluation, our writers are the very best in shape for this type of work if you are hunting for a person to create. Consequently, allow us support you to compose an excellent book overview which will guarantee grades that are best you.
Inform stories. Tales are foodstuff of the mind when it comes to the shows,according to expert public talking coach Nathan Gold. Storytelling is the most universal way to captivate your audience’s consideration, no matter in which they are from or what they do for a residing. Men and women immediately tune in when you start off telling your tale simply because they want to know what transpires next. You can go more than dropping a number of anecdotes into your speech. Use the storytelling technique that Nancy Duarte found right after finding out hundreds of TED talks: Current the status quo and then expose the path to a much better way. By following this formulation, you set up a conflict that wants to be fixed. You’ll have the viewers hanging on the edge of their seats, craving to hear the finish of your story.
Every year, as davidson (2008, p. 16) Indicated, in excess of two hundred people in america die of the “ill-researched and over-represented ailment of the heart” – stroke
supply by chaptersthe paper will be uploaded to you by areas, so you could overview them and question for corrections
From this description it would look that the preparing and administration of a SOP and other quality assurance documentation is an onerous job. However, when the draft is created, with the use of phrase processors and a easy distribution scheme of persons and departments involved, the activity can be substantially eased. But preserve in brain, a prenup can say generally everything you want it is up to you. Nicole Kidman reportedly added a clause to her prenup with Keith City that said if she at any time caught him employing unlawful medicines, he would no more time be entitled to any of her income upon the finish of the marriage. There are also studies of guys additional in a excess weight settlement to their prenups stating that their wives cannot acquire far more than a specific volume of weight. But if you are the type of individual to include that to your prenup, perhaps you should not be acquiring married anyway, asshole.
Think about how to buy your Individual Insight Queries essays. You could go in the order of the numbers of the ones you wrote about. My opinion, nonetheless, would be to put your strongest (most engaging and fascinating) essay at the prime, and perform down by range and toughness from there. Really do not tension about this just something to attempt.
In buy to be the topper, you need to have to just take comprehensive preparation for your exams, which demands time. Therefore, although you operate to do fantastic in your tests, we will do the needful and write extraordinary assignments for you. When you do not need to have to worry about your pending responsibilities anymore, you can place your head into your test planning.
If you get from us, you also can occur throughout a draft of the newspaper to be positive that your author is heading in the suitable path. Our authors will be happy to finish a variety of revision inside of the specified time. They’re normal qualified to diploma specifications, and very a handful of of our authors possess many skills and a wealth of skills.
Our pros provide you urgent assistance as well Many students decide to take to their very best to finish a very more logical and tricky structure assignment . You’re in the suitable place simply since our specialists are highly capable to assist you with composition of any sort. Freelance writing projects are offered over the net.
The info employed for the papers is taken from dependable sources. Ask upgrades about the paper regularly which means it’s possible to monitor it. Your homework is being taken college essay help care of as you’ll want to cover essays.
Essay writing support is also supplied at an extremely reasonable price to you. An essay writing agency supplies them a ideal alternative for your main reason it permits them to find the duty done with out needing to devote their period. You’ve already been using distinct providers to obtain all of your research and thesis papers carried out.
A sample correspondence is available within the content under. Ask upgrades around the paper regularly and that means you’re able to track it. Your mission is being cared of as you would prefer to pay for documents.
To obtain a far better price, students should consistently make certain they have order for their custom papers beforehand. For best places you can take a good peek at these tips. The family that used to reside in within the city is probably going to discover they will, no doubt need to perform search before acquiring real property in the nation for an amount that’s overly fantastic to trust.
EssayWritersForHire is the ideal choice which you are https://essay4less.com/write-my-essay able to own in the academic producing industry since our agency gives premium essay writing help in a sensible price. To get a client who would want to place ordinary orders, the freelancer writing service provider should really go that additional mile to create certain that the brief is totally known. It’s sure that you obtain the academic writing assistance you are looking for.
Many employees have to write quite a few of papers that are thought to be job essays. Like starting the essay in the exact first personal, which is modest unusual in comparison to additional assignments they will need to publish. You may be certain that you will have a great essay which is fully customized for you personally at a cost you’re able.
Writing is a superb part time job, however should you work hard at it you might have the opportunity to do it full time. If you experience any urgent work in the center of this conversation with all our authors, then you don’t need to worry. As a writer, it’s your task to be sure that your reader doesn’t drop the direction or the point that you’re attempting to produce.
Understanding CLEO is vital for college students that are well prepared to attend law faculty and will need to go after their own career inlaw education. Mastering law can be a job that is troublesome. Writing a nursing mission was not basic for your student who would like to find themselves as successful nurses later on.
That which you must find out about getting papers out of habit essay writing providers There are cheap tailored essay writing services businesses that operate on the web and they truly are in a capacity to deliver the best solutions to various customers with a variety of prerequisites. Having products and professional services comprehension of one’s class https://my.pierce.ctc.edu/webapps/dci/viewFile.aspx?ctype=syllabus&uid=14202 will surely give excellent excellent contents without so far as researching. The most crucial advantage of a customessay writing service would be it is likely to file your essay properly beforehand.
Around the reverse side, some receive the aid of the customized essay writing companies. Personalized essay creating services has turned into an extremely common support amongst most students. In the event that you would like to purchase our informative article services online, you should understand our authors possess the next capabilities.
It’s not tricky to select the cheapest essay writing support by simply comparing the values offered by various personalized essay writing service providers. An essay writing service offers them a ideal remedy for that reason it enables them to obtain the duty done without needing to commit their time. You’ve been using various services to acquire all your research and thesis papers completed.
To the contrary producing necessitates older writing abilities. Schooling standards become rougher every season, being a terrific scholar and receive just big marks just isn’t therefore easy now. Those who have enormous experience inside the world of essay writing, they could manage your training and essay writing needs.
After getting the own subject and name, you should get started considering how you’re process your lookup procedure. You will organize the paragraphs, in the event you feel that the order isn’t right or even the flow will not sound right. Hence, amassing the knowledge is must, however there isn’t any principle that you must compose the assignment if you should be unable to.
Our chief aim is to be trusted supply of powerful professional papers assistance, and thus we always make sure even in case you receive an essay in the bottom price tag, the standard of work will nonetheless be quite high quality. Every pro inside our business is wholly alert to the arrangement of having a high class composition and performs strictly according to it. If you’re not satisfied with all the caliber of the informative article, you are definitely going to receive your cash back again.
To buy original essays online get exceptional’ on the newspaper, you have to adhere to all the assignment instructions. It’s possible to finish the buy of your paper using a couple of clicks. Papers has to be composed in a ideal kind.
To put it differently, the use of the writing assistance might be contrasted to investing on your future. That means you never will need to be concerned with your informative article, all you have got to complete will be set in only just a small amount of confidence and also offer and specific conditions you’ve got in mind, you may even speak about your views together inorder to clarify your demands, and also we promise you that you wont be permitted down. Fundamentally, it is.
Some of the utter very crucial elements of any essay students have a tendency to fail is that a thesis. You’re still a student and there’s no guarantee your approach is going to be the one your instructor calls for. A great deal of individuals choose to find a law essay, but they don’t really devote some time to elect for a trustworthy writing professional services.
Additionally, it is likely to enable https://essay-writing-service.co.uk/buy-essay you to be confident of their writer’s knowledge and receive a bright information concerning any issue matter you discover difficult. You will find scores and dozens of unique recommendations that may be additional. Our pros will not let you.
This post provides a easy process for locating a superior thesis editing agency on the web. That you don’t will need to get worried about our pros using the book you really desire. The advice which is great may possibly be the very simple fact which you’ll get a several on line businesses since supply article writing services.
The last result is going to be a paper that accurately meets your own requirements. You are certain to find the best content possible. You might be ready to buy a top-notch customized essay from us, also we will manage everything, or whatever you have to do would be make the most of our paper rewriting and editing services.
You will consistently explain to the standard of a service and also a business by using their customer support. Even superior excellent material might possibly not be at a sense you would like. Your complete satisfaction is our very best appetite and we’re going to stop at absolutely nothing to achieve this.
The actions isn’t as simple as it can seem out of very first sight if you are not a recognized expert from the specialization. You can find tons of factors which could expedite the composing process. It really is difficult to create your very own rare stuff.
You are able to get here trusted service, reasonable rates, wide selection of savings also, needless to say the foundation of your academic accomplishment. First content as you might have seen, you will discover tons of producing services and products that you discover that it’s possible to detect https://www.ucsb.edu/ online. For this from utilizing our services, then you’ll secure a custom-written newspaper you find it possible to utilize for your particular purposes.
Our focus is aimed at meeting all your requirements and expectations at the easiest means imaginable. Our experience available on the market and content customers will be the best assurance of grade. A large number of our clients have previously taken advantage of their service now you’re welcome to show in to one.
Qualified writers can do their absolute best to fulfill your tutors’ requirements so as to meet all customers’ needs and make sure his top grades together with instructional achievement. You can find businesses who offer couple writing solutions while others are going to accommodate any form of newspaper arranged. After all, you can’t produce a ideal alternative should you hurry into hiring a writing support.
Secondary resources could also be required. Any way, you might take a good look at each of our pros! Our writing services will be the alternative.
Therefore, should you require some writing help with your assignment it is likely to inquire for help 2-4 hours per day and 7 days each week. Hence, you may remain sure you will receive the job you’ve purchased. Perhaps not everybody wants to spend your time on writing multiple performs for numerous subjects.
Your debut needs to notify the viewer of the whole aim of the quick article. Every newspaper which we’re likely to deliver is distinctive and original and especially personalized to fulfill your requirements.
Luckily, most thesis modifying agency organizations have sites today and can be retrieved out of any place on the planet. A dependable essay writing support may use information you give to be certain you have information material written from scratch that matches your needs. Since you probably already understand, your thesis ought to become quite close hiring and perfect an editing agency is a remarkable way to polish your document.
Now you understand somewhat about what online essay writers do, there really are a wide assortment of important reasons why you want to just expect experienced academic writers to supply you with an adequate paper. There is an array of reasons why students can neglect to have the ability to compose their essays and also precisely the main reason why they would demand a newspaper writing service that will help them outside. It’s clear that you’re looking for the essay writing assistance.
There are quantities of essay writing solutions given in internet for many college pupils to compose the article writing. So they will break assured the essays that they receive are completely distinctive and authentic.
The Obtain Customized Term Paper Chronicles Is it best to need to have report and check out a only a few to create my school assignment, you then investment term paper Id assist! You desire a term report fairly quickly as you’re drawing near time frame. Should you buy a term papers you must ensure you determine your school assignment in efficient wrists and hands. Our made to order university label papers power the straightforward fact that we might provide an completely full steady of capable grade specialists who all learn exactly what it entails to generate a fantastic school assignment which everyone can also enjoy. Once you choose to order custom-made label records, the individualized school assignment simply writing service heart should assure you your term paper might be constructed dependant upon your training, it needs to be fairly inexpensive as some pupils are perpetually trying to find economical school assignment formulating solutions. Any time you upload a personalised school assignment which you’ve taken from a personalized school assignment small business that features given a plagiarized specialized term paper, your music teacher will disqualify you for a scholastic dishonesty. The following week you have your earliest school assignment directions. At precisely the same time, it is best to recall to think about pay for school assignment samples. It may seem a properly-analyzed document that may need in one week in order to complete could possibly be pricey, but in fact they’re reasonably low-priced and sensibly priced.
In case you opt to investment school assignment on line, our clients are certainly what you call for. You shouldn’t order custom term paper that you like to rewrite your body we warranty for free revisions in order to satisfy your preferences. https://uk.grademiners.com/ Once you be handed a specialized investigate newspaper, we are aware that you’re entrusting us with a great part your tier, and also your own potential. The composing on this work will appear in stuffed accordance with the requirements of your institution. Afterwards, you should adhere to the custom authoring practice really meticulously in an effort to deserve the most beneficial signature. In case you’re unsatisfied with results, we supply free of charge correction and revision.
When you don’t have time, motivation or ideas to prepare your essay exclusively on your own, we’re the following to grant guidance. Writing research research for several educational facilities isn’t a issue for them. An expression essay papers for sale newspaper is a pretty crucial operate which aids your tutor swiftness the ability you’ve received during the semester. Personalized making offerings can provide you with. You may seldom discover a posting company to connect all of the demands. Luckily for us, you’re presently looking at one of the biggest service providers of school services using the web! The Obtain Customizable School Assignment Mask The people who write expression documents that can be purchased derive from all types of backdrops. If there one thing you intend to be changed against your newspapers, perhaps you may question 100 % free revision and we’ll improve it until eventually you’re solely joyful. When some individuals elect to obtain customizable school assignment they continually recognize that a lot of clear customers that happen to be through the precise equivalent position have a different agenda for specified paper.
The purpose of an expression old fashioned paper may be to check your capability to do research roughly a certain topic you’ve picked out. You get to look for a particular field via the issue after which it prepare the pieces of paper. If you’d wish to pay for essays over the internet, it isn’t hard to get in touch with any subject or circumstances that you need to be replied. You’re absolutely free to use our totally free newspaper publishers and advise close friends and family about our web-site. The cardstock is delivered into the individual. On our site you may explore. Exactly the same process you utilize while you acquire essay composing trial samples. Our school assignment making support aids shoppers to purchase the creator they wish to talk with depending on their ability and project involves. You are able to get aid composing many scholastic documents notably essays. Important to pay up up a ton additional to get an proficient, skillful editor on-line research papers assures you do not have to persistent that methodology. Our individualized essay making support consists of lots of absolutely free bonuses like no cost pay internet page, fully free of charge outline, and totally free bibliography http://www.gimnazijabp.edu.rs/essays-online-uk page. If you’re producing your newspaper for ones very first time, be sure you verify appropriate method of unique task.
Choosing web based essay authors isn’t a bad dream anymore. Authoring a term newspaper yourself is really a problematic challenge. First of all, recognize the author is simply one individual who is effective upon your old fashioned paper. Custom-made Producing Solutions enables you to choose your contributor. Customized word papers are needed in all of this type of conditions. As a result, you really should realize that a high fee doesn’t necessarily indicate necessary high-quality. If you need to pay for term paper, it’s wise to locate some of the most legit web-site which offers level of quality at the lowest price levels.
The Foolproof Legal system Essay Creating Assistance Strategy It’s unnecessary to bring up that The english language essay publishing is actually a special variety of literary technique, and needs an extremely inventive spirit and also well as a original methods for simply writing. Regulations is around the application of regulations plus a one system of operating in your necessary thinking about and application skillsets is by way of essay publishing. The the introduction also needs to contain the area of interest the important review is on and reasons why you chose that specialized niche. The main concern is that their essay is just a key phrase vomit, not well prepared neither linked. First thing regarding this essay is it’s a literary operate that’s indefinable in character. An essay may dissertation defense be an term of a author’s views and particular values, shaped from the sort of a narrative. If you’re always having difficulty, speak with your tutor or professor to buy ideas about subject areas for which you would love. By using this kind of essay crafting actions, students might understand more about many different methods by having in their ideas. By writing this content inside the initially someone, they’ll have the ability receive individuals more associated with the know-how.
Moreover, you’re going to be ecstatic which includes a cheap cover practically any regulations essay you will buy from our crafting solution. Admission essay formulating encouragement is a very generally come across need of an individual from the show marketplace. You have to discover the topic and analyze regarding this position. Once you organize your composition and jot over the issues you are most likely to talk about on the draft, then you are likely to get loads of things to explain. You may perhaps add in your very own information. There’s no selected time when make sure you get hold of us. Composing the appropriate include to obtain a formula that you simply have put together isn’t an incredibly complex undertaking in any respect, but it’s the maximum lower. Before beginning, there are two or three details you must know about making a arrangement. There can be 3 fundamental pursuits it is best to observe when you’re composing an internet essay. You have to find out the right way to finished look an essay the ideal approach, for optimum benefit. So you need a thesis in the past it is possible to write your theme sentences. Now you’ve calculated how many lines are likely to be against your essay, make merely https://au.grademiners.com/essays-online because numerous things to share, as being the paragraphs are. You might also will need to have a look at report aloud to an individual to discover the matters they think.
Essay creating inside the educational stage hopes a comprehensive comprehension on the primary materials handled. University students will in all probability get a immediate on the simplest way to compose his or her essay. Except for publishing a superb essay, an individual must be alot more trained in deciding on the perfect content far too. Just before you start writing your newspaper, then you simply must learn about the niche you’ve elected. Circumstance summaries are incredibly small. Posting essays or just about any cardstock performs is actually dangerous and fundamental occupation. In the meantime, but, it is really moving to enable you to manage your composition and teach you the easiest way to prepare an essay. Thus, you’re introducing get essays from us. Your essay is usually a straightforward brief description associated with design or it could be argumentative or simply just a critique associated with practical issue.
You will will need rules students which have been superior experts to settle on within your project. In order to select our essay services on line, you should consider our authors enjoy the coming functionality. The equipment supplied for world-wide-web essay support the aim of individual levels belonging to the educational curricula. Low-priced report simply writing service plan compose newspapers for the money If you’re browsing the world-wide-web in locate anessay making service, our webpage is the best console at which you can acquire the best treasures. The information must be looked for via literature to choose from in your catalogue because of the genuineness. You might use each section on your own Technical essay in keeping with the sort of information you wish to create. Subsequently, you get an incredible document upon your very little budget allowed. Subsequently, you can be assured your term paper service plan will be supplied through a expert.
Designate letter to be of assistance with thesis abstract is among superior test essays and necessary contemplating functions. Much more manufacturers have the capacity to aid in various kinds of formatting models for a variety of subject areas like business economics. I am just working hard to have a replicate of some other newsletter. Following the time gets there to format your job or to obtain it evaluated for great formatting, you’re more prone to attain your report the assistance and treatment needed to minimize faults. The sort of format to check out depends upon factors in the challenge together with your subject of study. Read the info from the results section in this particular paragraph, express what precisely you’ve located. Study notes regarding how any part of your document must be planned and message methods to accept in your personal outline for you. The template often have space or ideas about how wise to open area articles for your own individual formatting. RePEc is subsequently guaranteed to vacation free of charge for several social gatherings. Offline and online libraries truly are a excellent method to obtain good guidelines, in particular in the event you investigate healthcare performs of unique pupils from prior generations. Commonly, tools really should be given to most people through the shape of services and products. Specialized Authoring Benefit Thousands and thousands use explore old fashioned paper contributor providers on your traditional base to acquire research undertaken. Individuals should certainly use a number of ways and way of specifying the grade of products and services made available through a small business.
Rather a lot of our researchers are between. Presume you may not figure out how to compose an amazing old fashioned paper. Still, considering the best suited adventure, performing these sort of analysis reports is definitely a basic and appealing task. Conclusive element of the physical structure could be the quickest a particular. Pretty much every creator should have the objective of increasing their sums of imagination. Immediately following trying out a number of techniques, we’ve discovered that there’s https://mckinneylaw.iu.edu/faculty-staff/profile.cfm?Id=495 really a specific inventive natural environment for every single author in existence. The motive on this hands-on is to make a look at how enthusiasm will work when it’s to do with composing and are you ready for greatest strategies to find ideas. Use the totally Free Inquiry decision in the case you’re still in doubt this way you can be able to discover if there’s a freelance writer made to begin working on your get currently. In this extremely, complex grow older, you will find numbers of advantageous methods that make it easier to will continue to keep your brief article complimentary of all of spelling flaws. Possibly the room or space you’re choosing for making has variables which are distressing in your life, as a Television for computer or simply level of lighting.
The cost of living impacts the remaining aspects that entail macroeconomics. This may not be just due to the sophisticated procedure of searching for that which we desire to create. Preserving an appropriate system in aim will make it easy for people to produce your very best. Unique uncomplicated in regards to the post is equivalent to really clean in combination with easy in your beliefs. When you decide to do it, you must be well prepared to check anything out on your listing. Ruthless Economics Investigation Cardstock Methods Exploited You should show the way through which the assertions you will be making are authentic or the way in which your targets are realizable. Take a look at the ones flaws so investigate these properly. It makes sense which the potentialities as being moved immediately are by pointing out specialized just like the likelihood you will ca.grademiners.com not possess determination in the least. These hints are supposed to keep away from the dearth of capability to write-up inside webpages just where they normally look. The chief answer why plagiarism is required to be stopped is simply because it contributes to insufficient standing for pupils.
Obviously you would like to delight your professors and pave the road to a outstanding professional career in the region, but this is not basically doable. A further is to look for recommendation from varied consumers of individuals. Nearly instantly I landed one or two long term assignments, and was advised to a new boss in the garden Upwork. De Rooy brings out a theory identified as global financial literacy whereby an man or master writer essay women knows the economic natural environment and in what way the planet has an effect on whomever. Practices to handle a selection of pro disorders. Never think twice and don’t trust our staff members don’t discover how to handle sophisticated economics analysis report conditions you wish to write down all-around. There are a spread of methods math concepts in economics may just be being used. Examining, combining and developing these programs is among the really important recommendations of economic technology. Party researching is also a marvelous substitute regarding the investigation reports. This creates the research of economics much easier. In case you create an essay or task simply by using a substantial attentiveness then you definitely won’t leave this issue.
Selecting a cousin and partner that’s proficient at economics also will wind up as a fantastic teacher. Spm essay matters as mentioned in numerical budgetary sciences. The Do’s and Don’ts of Business economics Analysis Cardstock Math also plays a significant element in the area of monetary examination. More to the point, the topic should be with the correct breadth. While you are microeconomics may focus on the economic conditions of 1 house, macroeconomics entails attention with the total national industry. Results are generally misunderstood driven by the representation of information. You need to hence be sure to come up with one particular that’s not preset. The higher level of unemployment is referred to as the portion of your labour strength inside nation that’s jobless (Kroon 88).
Frequently whenever assessing the life span of the solitary individual, we simply consider standards of family and bachelor life.
For instance, why all magazines explaining the perks of being single are Based on a whole tale of some type of a bachelor, entirely deprived of females’s attention, or some type of a classic bat, guys don’t focus on, unless she is parolee or something like that?
And imagine if the hero for the whole tale is really a beauty would you not require to reside in a nymphomaniac, whose requirements for intercourse can’t ever be pleased by one partner?Read more
Spicer, Hayter and Shiels came into the side while Coppinger missed out after failing to recover from calf problems. Think of it this way. Read >> Soccer coaches are odd breed. Four of those were scored by Kumar Sangakkara, who became the first to score four centuries successive ODIs. 13, started and played on special teams and Basketball Jerseys Cheap recorded career-high tying four tackles …Started and notched three tackles and one pass defensed at , Nov. Any failure to enforce, or variance a particular case, of any one or more terms of these terms and conditions, or any policies or regulations of Licensor, shall not serve as a waiver with respect to any such terms, conditions, policies or regulations for any future cases or other Passes.
He added two blocks and three steals. it might be the whole plan. Midfielder wholesale nfl jerseys Martyn Woolford almost doubled Scunthorpe’s lead four minutes into the second half wholesale nfl jerseys when his venomous Wholesale Bolton Wanderers Jerseys right-foot drive from the edge of the penalty area was palmed onto the crossbar by the highly-rated Loach. They need improved production from Hunter Pence and McCutchen. Bright start. It had everything to do with Prokhorov and ownership of Nets. Third-round pick Phillips be a big-time player. Dongfeng were within sight of their rivals as they approached the finish to claim their first leg victory since leaving Alicante NHL Hockey Jerseys Spain October last year at the start of the race. There’s little anticipation to his game.
Slept on by those not paying attention, Zizic could be the hidden gem of this whole deal; at 18, he helped lead Croatia to the silver medal at Under-19 world championships. Ultimately, Todd had to play under a £50 bond that would MLB Jerseys Wholesale be relinquished should he be found guilty of contravening RFL operational rules or a criminal act. Other teams ‘t have Dante Scarnecchia as their offensive line coach to turn someone else into The when The leaves. Walters saw a header comfortably saved by Danny Coyne as Ipswich looked to respond. ##48- has pit stall 1. Fitzgerald, Arizona Cardinals 46. Swihart then walked, putting runners on first and second with one out for Betts. That being said, value can still strongly present itself if a premier player continues to drop, and Gettleman be on the lookout for such opportunities. , honestly, this is the best I’ve felt years — maybe ever. I just want to be out there with teammates. went 2 of 4 from 3-point range.
Karlsson is a two-time Trophy winner as the NHL’s top defenseman. Just him having me under his wing coming into the NFL, him teaching me the ins and outs of the NFL, what to do, all those Cheap England Jerseys types of things, it just goes to show what Cheap Jerseys Usa type of he is and that’s why he won the Basketball Jerseys For Sale award. Betfred Super League. Beleskey was recalled from AHL on Friday.
one of his last major moves as bruins NHL Jerseys Wholesale general manager, Chiarelli bought into the team’s own mythology much that they actually traded a 21-year-old Seguin for pennies on the dollar, then openly broadcasted the bizarre thought process behind it for everyone to consume. Their drinks – or drinks – of choice during the Super Bowl will likely be no exception, with consumers curious to try new craft beers, hard ciders, sparkling wine, cheap jerseys from china and flavored liquors, According to Zegler, This thirst for variety has led to flat volume sales for brewers, even though people are buying more of much-smaller segments like craft beer and hard cider. He hasn’t thrown a single touchdown pass and has been picked off five times! Messier was a leader and he delivered when the team, and the city, Wholesale NHL Jerseys needed him most. South Carolina’s Sam Muldrow won Defensive Player Cheap NFL Jerseys China of the Year and Jones of Kentucky was named Freshman of the Year. Or what Thompson did transitioning from a QB that brought relevancy back to the franchise? Some have suggested MLB Jerseys Wholesale increased responsibility on kickoffs to the ball closer to the goal line could be to blame.
told The Morning Drive that I think we certainly … NHL Jerseys Wholesale The Vikings were a playoff team two years Cheap NFL Jerseys China ago and then the wheels came off last year with Teddy going down. not exactly a murderers’ row out cheap jerseys from china of conference for his first as the Ducks’ coach. Now that Barksdale is San , expect right tackle D.J. Plymouth’s hopes of retaining their Championship status have suffered a massive blow following a 2 home defeat to Blackpool. The Warriors called ‘ efforts on his I Promise school freaking amazing. He was immediately sentenced to a year prison. The Detroit Lions signed their head coach to a multi-year extension this , NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported Saturday. SiriusXM’s subscribers had access to live play-by-play of all 13 opening day as part of its regular and Cup playoff schedule.
That be how fast they can adjust. West MLB Jerseys Wholesale Brom rediscovered their goalscoring touch as they dished out a 5 thumping to Watford on Saturday. Cardiff boss Jones opted to name unchanged starting XI following his side’s 4 victory over Sheffield United last time out. However, I wouldn’t expect to too many youngsters the lineup this year, particularly because most of the best prospects are right-handed. I ‘t want to say anything right now, it’s just way too early. Whenever I’m searching for Cheap Minnesota Twins Jerseys a game on league pass, the game that’s going to help me get through the doldrums of Cheap Sacramento Kings Jerseys a boring night, I inevitably land on the Kings. The back-to-back NBA champs announced their five-game preseason slate on Monday morning. Air Canada Centre hosted the 2000 NHL All- Game Wholesale NHL Jerseys and the 2004 World of Hockey championship game.
Although he’s no Rodgers , San ‘s third-year quarterback, Kaepernick, certainly carries the potential for greatness. Quite possibly, as be returning to the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series at Kansas where he won the race last year and 2014. Why is it always the Packers? Excluding rainouts, it tied the lowest NASCAR Cup Series rating at any track since at least 2000, matching last year’s fall Richmond race on NBCSN. That’s gonna include our philosophy, which is to run the football, convert third downs and play the pass and be aggressive.
That you will have to take on if you are a Westerner, dreaming of dating a Chinese girl, you should brace for the upcoming challenges.
Therefore before you are taking the possibility of changing your daily life (because dating a Chinese beauty will need you to definitely achieve this), read about everything you need to do to be pleased in a relationship with such a girl.
When you begin dating a Chinese woman, be sure to not ask her standard questions regarding Chinese traditions that one can effortlessly learn online. More over https://adult-friend-finder.org, that you already did some research, she will be impressed if you show her.Read more
A lot of companies don’t do so only because an academic newspaper could very well be accomplished through a creator who’s not even competent upon the subject. The only real really means to unquestionably suit your long-term fiscal law homework help goals is via development and in addition the single way for you to lift up your organisation quickly is as simple as receiving the proper rules and procedures guides available. If you’re unaware concerning how to prepare your own business plan which victories investors’ agreement, you’ve visited the suitable establishment.
In case the several volumes of positive critiques that we’ve received from previous customers is almost anything to go by, then we’ve achieved our goals and objectives. The cost of our own very best essay producing support aren’t the top rather than the minimum around the economy. For this reason, if interested in attain earnings from publishing, signing up using an the net essay generating specialist is often an extremely good path to formulate some various other financial wealth.
As https://olli.gmu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2018wintercatalog-final.pdf it is believed to be a core aspect of counselling, it ought to be tutored inside the fundamental sums of therapy therefore the counselors include national competence to competencies gathered since they improvement in exercising. You can be assured about the comprehensive privacy of our own cooperative jobs. As a means to substantiate an argument, the pupil is necessary to design related information from various extra places like within the internet database, real world journals and condition clinical tests, which will not be granted having access to.
It’s for that reason crucial in a scholar who isn’t without a doubt or might not exactly get idea on policies of AMA citation fashion, to seek the expertise of the skilled professional article writing companies on the legit tight. Our group typically offer you with any kind of scholastic publishing professional services you essay simply writing solution. At, all unique essay generating organization you’ll get a hold of e-commerce it will be the right time to acquire https://aussieessaywriter.com.au/assignment-writing/ the establishment that is going to make it easier to increase the academic.
If you should pause inside the common for the written documents you typically have the option to test for individuals who are able to provide evaluations from totally different customers and prospects to always be encouraging that we all aren’t being unfaithful you together with if they’re actually the least expensive top notch producing customer service. That is why, it’s obvious this to find a efficient professional, you need to look at the consumer reviews extremely popular academic old fashioned paper services. On-line providers are fairly alot more consistent and very affordable in addition.
Everyone is stressful to finish their everyday routine. Correctly, there’s specific successful way of getting what you will like. Its lways working hard punctually.
Our publishing set up has established the best procedures which enrollees seriously should sign up that allows you to comprehend their school goals and objectives. Considering the previously mentioned issues encountered with the kids, it is vital that the students get aid from the essay writers. Even in case the classmates are in a position to come up with a really good little bit of making, they’re unable allow it a compelling get started.
During the vocational degree, you can possibly safe a diploma or certification of finalization to ensure your comprehension of really good venture measures. Once you first suggest the timeline and all of your requirements, you prefer to discuss the buying. Whether for class jobs or in the school request operation, choosing the suitable essay information is important with your levels or range.
An additional crucial for buying discovered may be to construct a reputation for a single way of writing articles, or like a specialized over a selected area. Our company is cognizant there are numerous of individuals as if you from locations across the globe who’d romance to create a college diploma in The english language. None of us knows that you’re a competent blogger and accessible to give good results for those who don’t take the time to allow them to know.
As mentioned previously mentioned, activities fiction training books are tailored to a particular market. When you can snapshot, activities stories, similar to any other designed novel preferences a particular amount of information and appreciation about it. 1 procedure at one time, you might how to be an impartial article author.
Within this perspective, your daily scanning through must be an adequate amount of for your needs. From the incredible bulk of situations while the public write stories to distribute cyberspace it’s continually for marketing considerations regarding a particular specific niche market. Because of this, it’s very essential to be current using give events.
Young people from Chinese language discussing nations around the world has to be in the position to come upon a report, a social network publish and even your sales page with just a few uncomplicated mouse clicks. Utilizing erroneous verb manner can alter the need for a phrase solely. To treat this sector skillfully, you have to be actually-understand and even familiar with numerous producing designs and styles.
Commuter school students possess the ability to change the monotony of college. You can possibly get involved in an array of quiz contests and gain lovely prizes. You have to have noticed that there are numerous scholarship grants fellowships which could be uncomplicated to implement and enjoy.
When provided with an alternative to consider, you have to visit widely from different facts origins in order to think about most researchable and pertinent matter for making an essay. The source of essay crafting facilities need to be suitable and convincing so your visitor would possibly not become bored. It is important for everyone simply writing essays to investigate well pertaining to the main topic of the essay since it is the subject of the essay that is going to give to them belonging to the correct learning regarding the physical body they will likely jot down by the essay.
Extremely good thesis records should be composed using the suitable dialect and building. Hence, not all pieces of paper will be perceived as educational cardstock. Pay for essay posting using the net a satisfactory fee and pick out an school copy writer that will supply an original and complete correctly-analyzed college papers in exchange.
Just in case you favor high quality oxford pattern documents to fit your essay hardships just be sure to used our essay making companies. You can not assume any case of plagiarism from their website. Generally, trainees choose where you can get documents by reading essay writing articles customer service recommendations through the web.
Coupled with main purpose of any type of essay simply writing might be to the latest one’s have display or thoughts and feelings beyond just the results about the experiments that any man or woman may have made associated with any point or circumstance and so forth … Usually do not be hesitant to obtain a kind of document that you simply do not see with our identify. To be able to set up such type of essays for all to find out, ensure your text do not guide someone to adhere to with all the completely wrong journey of medication, drugs or workout.
By using the utilization of college studies report ideas, enrollees is in the position to recognize the am i right formatting of how the in txt citation and references must be performed. Some candidates suffer for their not having enough knowledge of internet based browsing. A web-based proofreading study course is most probably the ideal way in the matter.
You’re juggling with the career or provider. It’s only inside our supplier at which you may get expert services which will help you in academics. It can not pick up plagiarism instances frequently on account of the leadership newspapers that any of us have given to our people.
Coupled with inside markets, shopping on-line provides you with availability to overseas foods. One of the primary good reasons that small to average organisations at no time be able to achieve their potential is they don’t hold the relevant methods set to permit the feature of labor come to be continual all over every area. You know that content creation is one of the foremost well known methods to get citizens to consult with your internet resources and acquire your items.
Online formulating classes are a invaluable signifies to have the education you will have. Online schooling in this particular area foliage a range of choices for possible classmates to enroll in. Men and women also get hold of dependability and cost.
During the vocational level, you possibly can get a diploma or degree or certification of completion to verify your comprehension of incredible opportunity practices. After you show the time frame as well as your needs, you need to covers the acquisition. Regardless whether for class duties or during the advanced schooling program course of action, selecting the suitable essay topics is important with your grades or range.
Likewise, in addition, it assists you to inside of the academic front side. Some people would certainly think that showering their cherished one with a floral arrangement and high priced presents is the most beneficial method to proclaim their wish to them. Its lways effort punctually.
It is vital for almost any terrific LPN to find out to begin with the fundamental training sessions that you must be capable of get through throughout precise planet. If you decide to sequence from us, you possibly can safe a draft of the newspaper to make sure your publisher is steering inside the good purpose. Even it’s possible to persist review on smart dataphone even while driving.
They don’t just furnish you with intel but even allow you to clear the tricky ambitious assessments. If you need an school generating croping and editing products and services, it is important to spin your concentrate to site and make a shut see it sooner or later purchasing support! Most youngsters just incorporate lack of data or related information that isn’t good.
Carrying out a in depth investigation, looking into a lot of books and publications, setting up a beneficial draft and composing the most important craftsmanship cardstock presumes an exceptional portion of your university or college achievement and may impact your school line of work to obtain a whole. Crafting and releasing incredible great content will help you become often called an power in the neighborhood and also by releasing it without restraint you’ll be thought of as lucrative in addition! There’s 1 area online exactly where you can actually decide to purchase relatively lowered-price . unique essay making facilities that will save your time and neural system.
You might make reference to scores of websites, that provide the ways to access e-textbooks at no cost. Accordingly, it’s noticeable this to discover a reputable professional, it is best to browse the product reviews of the extremely prevalent scholastic report professionals. Online options are quite somewhat more professional and low-budget as well.
Also, it happens to be moving to help you ensure within the author’s ability and get an smart advice about any topic area you discover extremely tough. You will find a small amount of techniques to generate profits by writing articles. Which means your authoring knowledge only need to be great sufficient for almost any pre-school study course.
If you’re trying to write novels about sports activities, examining varied athletics generating is regarded as a far superior methods to begin. As you can representation, sporting activities fiction, like every other inspired creative calls for a certain volume of intelligence and eagerness to sort it out. It really is all your responsibility for the reason that article writer to do your research regarding what your tale is likely to be about.
Formulating essays must be performed within a constructive and ongoing trend and within a design that’s unique and engaging. You can find tailor-made essays produced by expert freelance writers who give full attention to writing articles educational essays. Just make certain that your essay doesn’t look basically informative.
You could be allowed to find the subject matter in addition to the coming up with data format this papers that you are experiencing enjoyable and comfortable creating. In case you don’t take pleasure in the obtained pieces of paper, we’ll modify it. The first system of simply writing a good academic document would be to recognise the topic in order to stick to the instructions provided to steer you through the task.
PhD thesis is about the most advanced scholastic documents to produce. Whenever your due date is snug, you will probably write down us nervously write my essay and really think we’ll see what you would like from 1 phrase. Irrespective of crafting it’s an assessment to create my thesis straight away, use the unique controlled issue and kenneth burke.
You’re juggling by using an career or small business. It’s only in your small business at that you can get programs that can assist you in academics. It can not obtain plagiarism instances possibly owing to the managers reports that we all have shown to our customers.
In case the a large number of proportions of amazing critiques that we’ve gotten from past customers is something to pass by, then we’ve completed our plans. A variety of on the web crafting organisations can be found in the web. Subsequently, if hoping to gain earnings from producing, registering using an web essay generating company is often an the very best approach to craft some supplementary capital.
In this context, your everyday checking out should also be a sufficient amount of for your needs. Just after that, in concluding remarks you want to sum up applied information concisely. For this reason, it’s very important to be refreshed in the current happenings.
Among the most captivating areas of using around the net crafting training is going to be simple fact it is possible to select and select the exact themes you will have to fully grasp and then leave the other parts by itself. A variety of individuals suffer because of the decrease in understanding of cyberspace analyzing. An internet based proofreading study course is most probably an effective way inside the subject matter.
In the same way, furthermore, it makes it possible to while in the scholastic entrance. Great, there’s type fantastic method to get what you would like. The very best point about this is there is no need to settle down the amount of money.
As soon as you aren’t certain of just about anything among the penning or researching you will need to participate possessing a professor or peer. There are a handful of ways you can earn income by article writing. Aiming to create a cardstock when you’ve received absolutely nothing few moments, no love and extremely absolutely no inspiration the majority of us discover how terrible it will be.
Whenever you be given the total notion of the topic by center its possible to consider other zones from it for additional examination. An outstanding grip on this trouble and understanding on the ancient and national affect is crucial to deliver this issue an innovative tactic. It is best to remember there are going to be people that will be conversing once you.
Enormously pressing leadership documents are relatively pricy yet still affordable in comparison with people that aren’t emergency and call for a couple of days to end. In the event you aren’t able to perform this remarkably, then you’re in a position to course of action an ideal essay editing offerings to aid you. As required, so as to create your PhD thesis penning treatment achievable you warrant a method.
Typically buying special resources demonstrates of the fact that scholar is very well rounded and also the information and facts is trustworthy. Popular education cannot be acquired overnight. The procedure is straightforward.
To begin with, the purchaser needs to select the vendor in order to put the investment. For this reason, it’s apparent this to find a good specialist, you will need to check the comments of the most usual educational old fashioned paper companies. All of our services are serious due to the fact we’ve competent and effective authors from many types of educational web sites.
In locating an ideal level, most individual educational facilities will set a standard or lower part check out scores that can be regarded. Contemplating the aforementioned issues stumbled upon by kids, it is crucial that the students seize the help of the essay writers. Some pupils can also be presenting the exact issues merely because they quite simply find it difficult to compose their own unique thesis.
While in the professional magnitude, you can get a degree or diploma or qualification of completion to ensure your understanding of huge market measures. Specifying the trouble really shines the beginning. Either for course tasks or during the advanced schooling application procedure, picking out the fix essay stories is crucial to get your grades or range.
Some have even awesome tips in your community of creating beats. Involved in the scholastic circumstance, it’s looked at as academic fraudulence. Whereas sign up isn’t a warranty of validity, it’s a good approve.
Our essay freelance writers have good page critique authoring qualifications which they’ve been taught and as a consequence they may supply you with papers that are primary. The essay writers but not only help the students in area option in addition to the overall essay generating approach, in addition report the essays in accordance with the blueprint would need of a pupil. Truly as being a caring university student, it is important to suit your needs that you just steer clear from them and try to post quite high-top rated quality essays.
If you ever ought governmental modern technology newspapers you normally are required to don’t be afraid to contact our penning establishment for governmental modern technology report writers are in most cases equipped to assist you post your political technology dissertation ahead of your time frame. One particular critical queries and need to response to compose a technique essay composing helpful tips everyone to write a lot of crafting assist. The initial object inside the package is to make a PhD thesis summarize.
Make the descriptive essay so beneficial that you diligently readership will truly look and feel they discover the the same matter you could be talking about. Article writing of content critique isn’t among the list of main steps that you are perhaps planning. Our capable essay authors will provides you with grade information critique writings which is designed to allow you to get marks which happen to be nicer.
Lets visit some place that you never go before. Discover some interesting place on this runescape map and make your journey. I’d like to share the runescape map on Squarectomy.
Maps mean you know what to expect, and they help you to know you are going in the right direction to arrive at your destination safely and quickly.A map can help you find things, or show other people how to find places that only you know about we can even help you learn about history, which I think is pretty neat!.
This runescape map is being packed with 1 amazing pictures. So, we hope this runescape map will help you on your journey. Look at the collections below!
If the listener has a one click supported app on their android device, the App will load automatically.
The Volkswagen plant located in Kaluga is a very interesting place to visit. But it’s not opened for tourists and to enter it you must have a special invitation. So here you can see the exclusive photos of the most important parts of the plant: a shop where cars are assembled, a laboratory where they are tested for quality and a canteen.
At the very entrance there stand the models of cars that are assembled entirely at the plant. These are two models of Volkswagen (the Polo Sedan and the Tiguan) and two models of Skoda (the Fabia and the Octavia).
The Germans didn’t stint on the area. A rather large part of it is used by employees for parking. If it was a Russian company cars would probably be parked along the road because then the parking lot would cost money.
This lab is unique. None of Russian car plants has such a special unit that constantly monitors the quality of the cars. The pragmatic Germans take it for granted (as well as many other countries) but for Russia it’s quite unusual.
All conducted researches affect the future production throughout the world. And its employees are real scientists. They even wear white coats.
But at heart they are real hooligans. In a good sense of course. Most of their tests are intended to break, burn or spoil. Then they look at the results and give recommendations on how to make the car more resistant to such damage.
In this way, Russia have big opportunities… Lot of west car producers have already productions capabilities here. Ok they have to face with a strong communist mentality ;), but seems to worth.
It looks brand new but German’s are know for being clean and orginaized people. I’m not saying people from other countries are not, so don’t no one get excited.
In the third picture on the big sign … what does the one in the lower left mean? Badminton forbidden?
Volkswagen is not owned by the hopeless Proton. Volkswagen was going to enter a joint venture with the Malaysian Proton to make Volkswagens in Malaysia but decided against it as Proton make bad cars.
Post an original engraving project from concept to completion (i.e. tutorials): preliminary sketches, works in progress, and the final finished piece. Prizes for most improved, most informative, and most outstanding work!
Our Rabbi, Ian Silverman, earned a BA in psychology from Columbia University and an MA in Jewish Communal Service from Brandeis University. His ordination took place at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College where he earned an MA in Jewish Studies and his Teacher's Certificate from Gratz College. He earned a Doctorate of Jewish Studies from the Spertus Institute of Jewish Studies.
Rabbi Silverman has been a pulpit Rabbi for more than 25 years and enjoys working with our children in Religious School, teaching Adult Education courses and writing scholarly essays. Two of these essays, one on the subject of the High Priest and the other on Happenstance and Accident in Jewish traditional sources, were honored with publication in the Conservative Quarterly Journal.
Most recently, he indulged his art hobby by completing a complete set of pastel illustrations depicting each of the weekly portions of the Five Books of Moses.
The Palestinian Authority provides several benefits to terrorists and the families of dead terrorists after they've served time in prison. For example, they will accrue enough "blood money" while in prison to buy a Ferrari free of tax. Read about it HERE.
Read an interesting article about the changed Jewish landscapes after the midterm elections–the many new Jewish additions to governorships and to Congress, and the implications for Israel which remain to be seen, HERE.
Watch a scary but important video about what anti-Semitism looks like in 2018–– both the extreme left anti-Israel movement and the extreme right share the same sentiment to exterminate Jews. We need to wake up to the vitriol on both sides and take it as dead serious- and make certain we call it out. Watch the video HERE.
Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, while in Iran, chanted "Death to America," and said that the US has never been a democracy. Read about his solidarity trip HERE.
The British Labour Party voted NOT to condemn last week's massacre in Pittsburg citing that there's too much focus on "anti-Semitism this, and anti-semitism that." Read about it HERE.
Students for Justice in Palestine will be holding its national conference at UCLA in mid-November. Tell UCLA to cancel this hate conference or be held accountable by signing the petition HERE
The logo for the conference depicts the UCLA bear playing with a Palestinian kite, which can be interpreted as an endorsement of the border violence against Israel. UCLA has issued a cease and desist for the use of the logo, butthe National Students for Justice in Palestine have refused. Read about it HERE.
Inexplicably, building on the bias of the al Dura hoax, French TV is still fanning the flames of anti-Semitism and unwarranted anger against Israel. Read why the French Jewish community is concerned, HERE.
Iranian Shay Khatiri has raised over $1 million in the GoFundMe account he set up in the wake of the Tree of Life tragedy. Pittsburghers, touched by his efforts, have showered him with Steelers and Penguins tickets. Read about it HERE.
The doctors who were first to treat Tree of Life Synagogue shooter Robert Bowers at Allegheny General Hospital were Jewish. Read the story HERE.
Rabbi Jeffrey Myers of the Tree of Life Synagogue regrets that he couldn't save more people. Watch an interview with him HERE.
The Iranian Foreign Minister criticized Trump, following the Pittsburgh massacre, for "weaponized demagoguery." A spokesman for Netanyahu, in response, criticized the Iranian FM for his words as coming from a nation that sponsors terrorism. Read the exchange HERE.
While we are all mesmerized by the shiny object of right-wing anti-Semitism, please do not be lulled into thinking that it's their exclusive possession. There's plenty of it on the extreme left, as attested to by this Clinton-Gore Democratic official, HERE.
Netanyahu and Israeli President Rivlin condemned the massacre in Pittsburgh, expressing solidarity with their American brothers and sisters, and Israel remains the spiritual and ancestral homeland of all Jews. But this recognition needs to be reciprocal, and Israel must recognize Conservative and Reform Judaism, even as it is mandated in the Nation-State Law recently passed by the Knesset. Read the New York Times essay by former Israeli Ambassador to the U.S., Michael Oren, HERE.
In September, a Russian spy plane was downed by the Syrians and blamed on Israel, prompting the Russian government to warn that Israel not to strike Syrian targets. Despite that warning, Israel has continued to carry out strikes in Syria. Read about it HERE.
The New York Times promises that it will hold itself to the highest standard of independence, rigor and fairness, yet its handling of the Arab-Israeli conflict has long been slanted against Israel. CAMERA, the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America, has created a timeline of the newspaper's stumbles in its coverage of the conflict this year, HERE.
A new US postage stamp has been released honoring a righteous gentile, Hiram Bingham, who in defiance of State Department officials, granted thousands of visas to Jews and other refugees. Read about it HERE.
Fatah has posted an altered photo intended to deceive Palestinian viewers into thinking that Israeli security services call for their death. See what they've done HERE.
Responding to the book Jerusalem Drawn and Quartered, a blogger from the Times of Israel addresses his message to the author, but is speaking to all Jews who naively "embrace humanism" as "the way toward peace," stating that the historical context of the conflict between Israel and Palestinians is paramount. Read the blog HERE.
Take 5 minutes and sign an important petition telling UCLA not to allow Students for Justice in Palestine to hold their national conference on the UCLA campus, denying them the ability to spread anti-Semitism, HERE.
Listen to wise words from a former Hamas member who has educated himself and broken away from terrorism, responding to the anti-Israel agenda of British Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn, HERE.
If you have supported the New Israel Fund in the past, you should reconsider. The New Israel Fund openly advocates the boycott of Israel, opposes the IDF and has funded the defense of families of Hamas terrorists. Read what the NIF sponsors HERE.
Morocco's King Mohammed VI has ordered that the Holocaust be included in the school texbooks of high schools, an example of moderation and ethics among Arab states. Read of the king's compassion for Jews HERE.
The far-right German political party, AfD is stirring up anti-Semitism and alarmingly, gaining ground and popularity. Please sign a Letter of Support to the German Jewish community to let them know that global Jewry stands with them, HERE.
Read a fascinating sotyr of an Indian Muslim, descendant of royalty, who heroically worked against the Nazis, HERE.
Read the story of Yehudit Abrams, a remarkable woman, a techie who created an early detection breast cancer device-- and she's a convert to Judaism. Read her story HERE.
If you wish to have a say in checking BDS faculty from acting against students interested in studying in Israel, please sign a petition to University presidents HERE.
Jamal Khashoggi was likely murdered by the Saudis, but he was committed to Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood and hoped the Israel would "die by force." Read about it HERE.
US Representative Brad Sherman (D.-California) wrote a letter to UCLA denouncing the upcoming National Students for Justice in Palestine conference, to be held on the campus in November, accusing the SJP of discriminatory behavior. Read about it HERE.
Many are pressuring Twitter to suspend the account of Louis Farrakhan over a tweet that compared Jews with termites. Read about it HERE.
Ahed Tamimi, the Palestinian teen that was arrested for assaulting an Israeli soldier, has stated that she supports any form of violence against Jews toward the destruction of Israel, yet many Jews on the left have defended her. Read why her Jewish defenders should apologize to the Jewish community HERE.
70 Americans have been killed by Palestinian terrorists since the signing of the Oslo Accords. According to US law, anytime an American citizen is murdered by terrorists abroad, our government has jurisdiction and is directed to prosecute the perpetrator to the full extent of the law. There is no statue of limitations. In the case of Ari Fuld, assistant director of Standing Together, which supports Israeli soldiers, and who was killed this past September, Jordan has refused US extradition of Ahlam Tamimi, who has bragged of her exploits. We must demand her extradition. Read about it HERE. Contribute to a GoFundMe campaign to Ari Fuld's family HERE.
The women's glamor magazine, Vogue, in its Vogue Arabia edition, recently published a letter and accompanying photo of Ahed Tamimi, who just finished a prison term for slapping an Israeli soldier. She was trying to invoke an incident while her mother filmed it, yet it was obviously staged and Tamimi has called for stabbings and suicide bombings against Israelis- the Tamimi family has attempted to create a fantasy for political advantage. Read about it HERE.
Learn the proper protocol to handle Palestinian activists on campuses as exemplified by Georgetown University HERE.
A video about all the wonderful aid Israel provides worldwide, that will bring a tear to your eyes HERE.
Religious School: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
After you spend the better part of a morning vigorously scrubbing your wooden kitchen table, your 8-year-old exclaims, "I didn't know it was that color!"
Your teenager assumes someone has vomited when he sees you removing the sofa slipcover for a shaking-out.
You use a throw rug, strategically placed in front of the fridge, to break the fall of the jars and bottles that inevitably tumble out.
Larry's away at yet another management retreat, and I'm in charge in the evening. Apparently he's been letting the little ones stay up until all hours, because Rachel was shocked - shocked - when I had her turn out her light at 8:30.
I obtained the entire first season of I Love Lucy DVD's from the library this month. I've found that I can get the kids to do almost anything with an I Love Lucy episode dangling before their little noses as an incentive. And it's better than candy - lasts longer and doesn't rot their teeth. Why didn't I see this valuable tip in any of those lousy parenting books I read all those years ago?
So! Our first day of vacation Larry and I took the three youngest down to the little riverside beach on base. The children frolicked (albeit with a touch of trepidation) in the jellyfish-infested waters while I sat in my beach chair and immersed myself in yet another memoir. And then...
"Look, Mommy!" said Rachel. She was pointing at another middle-aged woman energetically digging a hole in the sand with her son. "There's a mommy that plays with her kids!"
I'd like to say that her wistful tone goaded me away from my book; but I'd be lying. I harbor absolutely no desire to play in the sand with my kids. That's what siblings are for.
We just got back and I am currently employed in emptying rotting food out of my refrigerator. I don't know why I thought it would be easier to do it now than before we left for the week. Maybe I was hoping the refrigerator fairy would come by and clean it out for me. Although she sure didn't take care of the zucchini last year...
My favorite part of the vacation occurred at the very beginning, when we arrived at the lodging we rented on a Navy base. There was a list of rules posted, and one of them read
We're headed out for a week, and - due to the birthday party yesterday, house guests since Thursday, and other vagaries of life with kids - our house is no where near presentable enough for our possible demise from a freak travel accident or act of God. Ransacked is the word that comes to mind as I survey our erstwhile lovely home. As if our family of 8, in imminent mortal danger, were swept away by the Witness Protection Program to parts unknown....
Oh, man, I have so much to say and no time in which to say it. 2 birthdays this week and a family visit are making me pay attention to real life for a bit. Anna has turned 17, Rachel turned 8 today, and we still have Rachel's b'day party Saturday to prepare for. I'll be back tomorrow to complain about the rodents who have been scampering inside my bathroom vanity and my silverware drawer. Important tip: when your husband adds "mousetraps" to your shopping list, don't ask for details. Is there really anything he could tell you that would make you feel better?
In the meantime, how about going here, where you can find a full explanation of how the "Ground Zero Mosque" isn't? Not Ground Zero, not a mosque...and fully approved by the local city council. Odd how politicians who want Big Government off our backs and who laud the virtues of local gov't are crusading against this particular local decision, isn't it? I smell demagoguery in the air...
Oh, what the heck...you don't even have to bother to click. Here's the meat of it, written by someone who actually lives/works in Manhattan, as opposed to a lot of the carpetbaggers we're hearing on the news lately.
Ah, the “Ground Zero mosque.” Well, for a start, it won’t be at Ground Zero. It’ll be on Park Place, two blocks north of the World Trade Center site (from which it will not be visible), in a neighborhood a jumble with restaurants, shops (electronics, porn, you name it), churches, office cubes, and the rest of the New York mishmash. Park51, as it is to be called, will have a large Islamic “prayer room,” which presumably qualifies as a mosque. But the rest of the building will be devoted to classrooms, an auditorium, galleries, a restaurant, a memorial to the victims of September 11, 2001, and a swimming pool and gym. Its sponsors envision something like the 92nd Street Y—a Y.M.I.A., you might say, open to all, including persons of the C. and H. persuasions.
Like many New Yorkers, the people in charge of Park51, a married couple, are from somewhere else—he from Kuwait, she from Kashmir. Feisal Abdul Rauf is a Columbia grad. He has been the imam of a mosque in Tribeca for close to thirty years. He is the author of a book called “What’s Right with Islam Is What’s Right with America.” He is a vice-chair of the Interfaith Center of New York. “My colleagues and I are the anti-terrorists,” he wrote recently—in the Daily News, no less. He denounces terrorism in general and the 9/11 attacks in particular, often and at length. The F.B.I. tapped him to conduct “sensitivity training” for agents and cops. His wife, Daisy Khan, runs the American Society for Muslim Advancement, which she co-founded with him. It promotes “cultural and religious harmony through interfaith collaboration, youth and women’s empowerment, and arts and cultural exchange.”
This week, for 3 glorious hours every single morning, I will be able to clean the house, plan dinner, blog, and otherwise GET MY WORK DONE without someone saying, "Mommy?" every 3.5 seconds. And no - I haven't duct-taped anyone's mouth shut (well, I tried, but it didn't work). The girls are happily ensconced at our local parish's vacation bible school, where they are being playfully indoctrinated with the tenets of the Catholic faith. These tenets, I believe, include love for thy neighbor (Catholic or not) and an acknowledgment that we are all God's children, no matter our religious tradition.
I'm just kicking myself that I didn't think of this sooner. I mean, we have at least 10 churches within a 5-mile radius of our house. (There's a synagogue, too - but we Jews aren't down with the VBS scene, for some reason...) If I had just thought to plan it out, I could have probably had the girls in someone else's care every morning all summer.
We've got an Islamic center nearby, too. Do you think Muslims have vacation Koran school? Oh, look! Here's a picture of a mosque in Washington, DC!
Hmmm...that's odd...this mosque doesn't seem to have precipitated terrorist attacks or a Muslim takeover of America, which some fearmongers would like us to believe is the inevitable result of allowing Muslims to practice freedom of religion in this country. What's up with that, anyway?
Thank goodness there are those among us who have kept their heads in these confusing times and refuse to traffic in fear.
"Whenever there has been bloodshed allegedly in the name of one tradition or another, it's necessary to say, 'That's not what that tradition is about,'" Rabbi Arthur Waskow, of the Philadelphia-based Shalom Center, said.
Thank you, Rabbi. Indeed, the bloodshed represents not Islam but a tradition of hate, a tradition which the protesters down in Tennessee seem to be intent on perpetuating.
It would be a good idea to inventory your purse before traveling the 3 hours home from the beach. Because the next morning is way too late to wonder what happened to the key fob that will cost you 300 dollars to replace.
The other day Rachel said, "I wish there were a money tree we could just pick money off it!" I told her, "We have one of those. You call him Daddy."
Husbands! When your wife eyes the kids' beach chair with the intent of sitting on it, do not say, "Well, that would totally finish it off!" As Larry can attest, there is no way to backtrack from that statement. Believe me, he tried.
We keep hearing that America has an obesity problem, but nothing drives that home like a day at the beach.
Considering the above, and the fact that 6 pregnancies have not done my vein-covered legs any favors, I'm thinking that there might just be a place in my wardrobe for the attractive yet modest burquini. My skirted swimsuit bottom just isn't cutting it anymore.
For more 7 Quick Takes, check out Conversion Diary - she'd look great in a burquini (although she certainly doesn't need one).
But that's okay, nothing a little clever planning can't handle. We visited the blessedly air-conditioned library and picked up the entire first season of I Love Lucy on DVD (educational, right? History?) . Then we used the summer reading program coupons to forage a free meal from the not-air-conditioned-enough pizza place nearby. Finally, in desperation, we escaped the unremitting sun by taking refuge under our town's splash pool fountains.
Lather. Rinse. Repeat. We've been doing this sort of thing all summer. It's getting old. I mean, I'm bored just reading that. Do you folks come by just to be reminded how exciting your lives are compared to mine?
And now? Sandwiches made, towels packed, kids abed...we're all set for our belated day trip to the beach tomorrow. This involves our riding 3 hours in the car each way, with Susie talking the entire time. Pray for us. Theo is coming also, so we might even be able to lug all the requisite beach-going paraphernalia from the parking lot to the sand before it's time to turn around and come home.
Knitting at the beach? Discuss. Too sandy? Windy? Maybe I should keep an eye on the children instead?
Our conversation went downhill from there. Anyone know what I should do all day tomorrow with 4 kids who were counting on going to the beach? Because, really, I don't have a clue.
But Wikipedia tells me that "Centipedes are predators, and mainly use their antennae to seek out their prey."
Prey - as in, say, myself, sitting alone in the living room at night, unaware of the imminent danger posed by these disgustingly large, hairy creatures. Gah.
I'm thinking Larry needs to take out additional life insurance on me. Or, wait a second - maybe he already has...
In fact, I think I'll just go to bed. It's hard to type, perched precariously atop this desk chair as I am. Good night, y'all.
6 children, 1 husband (I'm boring that way). Here are the kids by name and age, to make it easy on you: Theo (26), Anna (25), David (21), Brian (18), Rachel (16), and Susie (13, and now taller than I am). No pictures, no real names, as my husband is totally paranoid. In a cute sort of way, of course...
Michigan Senate Republicans only allow their Democratic colleagues half the resources to serve their constituents
“only trust someone who can see these three things in you: the sorrow behind your smile, the love behind your anger, and the reason behind. Having the same fight over and over again learn how identifying your emotional patterns can help you build a better relationship. Portrait 7 automotive 4 lifestyle 26 fashion 6 sport 4 beauty 2 food & beverage 9 load more © love & trust productions 2016.
Yencomgh news ☛ you need to know and use the right live words if you are in love or want to be in love here are the ❤️love and trust messages❤️. The love trust's vision is to break the cycle of poverty through the provision of quality, christian education for both teachers and children across vulnerable. Private pet training in northwest arkansas using love and trust potty training a puppy or reconditioning an aggressive animal.
A long lasting relationship is very easy to establish if we put the spirit of trust and love in our heartsbecause love and trust is the requirement in. This study examines the respective role of two constructs, love and trust, as drivers of customer loyalty in a business-to-consumer service context a review of the. Shop tarte's love, trust & fairy dust eyeshadow palette at sephora an eye and cheek palette full of dreamy, creamy, pigmented, flower-powered shades.
The latest tweets from love music trust (@lovemusictrust) the love music trust is the lead partner and fund holder for the music education hub in cheshire. You began to believe you had to act or speak a certain way to receive love, and that others should do the same to get your love (and trust) in. When there is trust, a person doesn't feel a need to monitor or control their partner they don't need their partner to “prove” their love and faithfulness it's a lack.
Trust love one more time and always one more time 365810 likes 16851 talking about this love is such an amazing thing, and too many people take it.
Love is built on trust as rational individuals, we can only naturally love someone we already trust relationships that aren't anchored in trust.
State of love and trust by pearl jam song meaning, lyric interpretation, video and chart position. State of love and trust chords by pearl jam learn to play guitar by chord and tabs and use our crd diagrams, transpose the key and more. My fonts are free for personal use only for any commercial use (anything you make money from), you must send a paypal donation. Love/ trust (interlude) lyrics: and i don't wanna say / that everything will be okay / because there's no way / no way / and i don't wanna say / that everything.
Kamstra, kramer and levi (2003) link the seasonal nature of stock market returns to the seasonal affective disorder (sad) sad is defined as a form of major. Seasonal affective disorder (sad) is a state of depression induced by a lack of sufficient for instance, seasonal cycles in stock markets, and a 6 month. Seasonal depression and seasonal variation in stock returns: higher latitude markets show those market participants directly affected by sad can influence. Stock markets, which can be caused by the sad during the years 2000-2016 key words: seasonal affective disorder, efficient markets, behavioural.
If you're looking for more information on seasonal affective disorder (sad), light therapy, and the stock market suffers from seasonal affective disorder, too. Between seasonal depression and seasonal vari- ation in stock returns: higher- latitude markets show more pronounced sad effects and results in the southern . Through its association with depression linked to seasonal affective disorder ( sad) valkanov (2003), which documents superior stock market performance. Definition seasonal affective disorder (sad) is a type of depression that occurs at a certain time of the year, usually in winter.
This article analyses the presence of the seasonal affective disorder (sad) effect on the romanian stock market, in a time span that includes calm, growth. Vacation activities do have a negative impact on stock market returns, and that it argues that investors affected by seasonal affective disorder (sad) become. A surprising new study finds that seasonal affective disorder (sad) doesn't kramer has also found similar effects of sad on the stock market:. Associated with the seasonal affective disorder are shown to affect order blues” effect has been seen affecting activity in equity markets by. Abstract: this paper investigates the role of seasonal affective disorder (sad) in the seasonal time-variation of stock market returns sad is an.
Keywords: mental health, employment, seasonal affective disorder in the labor market, mental health may first of all influence the job matching 21for example, according to stock and yogo (2002), if the coefficient on. Money on the stock market, but studies have shown the same happens in the stock market: inves- clock-change weekends, seasonal affective disorder. Seasonal affective disorder can affect your well-being and productivity banyan hillthis chart proves stocks could collapse by 70% as.
This paper investigates the role of seasonal affective disorder (sad) in the seasonal time-variation of stock market returns sad is an extensively documented m. Seasonal variations in investors' moods impact stock market returns, according to new studies. Key words: stock market seasonality, conditional capm, time-varying risk stock returns and the seasonal affective disorder (sad) effect (kamstra, kramer. Seasonal affective disorder (sad) was first described by norman e rosenthal ( measurable effect on daily stock market returns, as gauged by percentage.
Whether the weather really does affect the markets is a question that's it also cites vacation patterns and sad (seasonal affective disorder.
They related the seasonal nature of stock market returns to the effect of whereby the shortness of the days leads to depression for many people – increases.
But for a small minority, winter exacts a heavy toll in the uk, about 3% of the population are estimated to suffer from seasonal affective disorder,.
To identify mood effects this paper utilizes account level stock trading behavior, weather, seasonal affective disorder (sad), stock market. Psychologists debate whether seasonal affective disorder (sad) is a real condition but they agree on a few ways to maintain your mental. This study found that people who suffer from seasonal affective disorder (sad) displayed nal patterns in international stock market returns are consistent. [APSNIP--]
Maxx Ax5 Iphone look phone Gta Vc working Phone in new condition with iphone look With bill box and all accessories Gta vc and other hd games working smoothly ... Favorites Srinagar 02-Feb-2014 र5,999
Maxx Ax5 2 Weeks Old Iphone look phone4.0 androidall accessories with bill and box5mp camera4 inch screengtavc running on phone already in... Favorites Srinagar 18-Jan-2014
Maxx genx droid 7 The phone is only 3 months old.It is powered by a 1Ghz processor and runs on Android 2.3. It's market price is 4000.I... Favorites Srinagar 22-Nov-2013 र2,500
Maxx Genxx Driod7 Maxx Genxx Driod for sale or exchange. In good condition purchased in july 2013. 1 year warranty from date of purchase Favorites Srinagar 20-Nov-2013 र2,700
A customer last week told me that one of their partners has hired a freelance programmer in China from a forum for a development project. This partner has no experience managing a software project. This is their first time.
Look - I get that software development is expensive. And I realize that offshore developers are often available at very popular prices.
But do you honestly think that selecting a developer you can't meet with in person is the right move for your FIRST development project?
“Everything was going great but then he became slow to answer my requests and now he’s disappeared entirely,” the prospective client lamented. “What should I do?”
Houdini developers are a common problem. They are easily available at first but suddenly disappear with no warning and you’re left wondering “what happened?”
Freelance developers are often poor managers of their time. They start out on your project with lots of availability but then get busy and overwhelmed. They start avoiding their inboxes when things get swamped and leave you wondering if they fell off ...
One of my customers LOVES to ask for configuration options. Often when I ask “do you want that implemented as “a” or “b” he will reply “can you make it something we can change later?” It isn’t that he wants to make my job harder (although sometimes it feels that way.) The problem is that he understands their environment, and he knows change is likely.
But making everything “flexible” adds cost, not only in initial development, but also in testing and maintenance. It can even be dangerous. When options are infrequently used, it is easy to forget how they work. This ...
The best developers are consultative. They can work with you to help you achieve the best results for your business.
But you probably wont’ attract the best developers or get the best results if your interactions with them inhibit feedback. For example:
Do you provide your programmer with a laundry list of to-do items? Or do you communicate your objectives?
Is everything a “priority” to you? Or can you quickly identify the things that are truly the most important?
Do you shut down all ideas that didn’t come from you? Or do you express an interest in hearing the programmer’s ...
As someone with over 20 years of software development experience and currently a small business owner, it has been a pleasure working with Avonelle. In addition to being a talented developer, Avonelle also has database expertise and system design skills. Avonelle is open minded and willing to discuss various methodologies for achieving a project goal. She is also not afraid to ask questions which is vital in a software development project. Her up-front project cost (not estimate) is very helpful in budgeting for a project.
Depth and chemical composition of ground waters in the region of the Mining and Energetic Works "Bełchatów”
Relationship between free iron and carbon of fulvic acids in sandy soils, as one of the criteria of their typology
Characteristics of the humus of some forest soils in the Tatra Mts. Part I. Chemical properties of the investigated soils and the proportions of densimetric soil fractions
Characteristics of the humus of some forest soils in the Tatra Mts. Part. II. Fractionary composition of the humus compounds
Studies on mountain soils formed in various phytoclimatic zones of the crystalline part of the Polish Tatra Mts.
The inorganic nitrogen content in the soil against variable atmospheric precipitations and temperatures
Relationships between the Mn, Cu, Pb and Zn concentration in common pine (Pinus silvestris L.) needles and the content of these elements in humus horizons of soils contaminated with industry emission
Effect of the storage way of soil samples on formation of the available phosphorus content, determined by different methods
Effect of high (reclamation) ash rates of brown and hard coal on yielding and chemical composition of plants on sandy soil
Effect of high (reclamation) rates of a ashes of brown and hard coal on some physico-chemical and biochemical properties of sandy soil
Influence of the soil state at the moment of tillage on the agrophysical effect of plough and active tools
Polish bibliographical list of soil science, agricultural chemistry, tillage and water economy. Year 1978
This online searvice is a Rapidshare search engine with the biggest database you ever used - we have indexed over 12 488 551
Don't fall for it and definitely don't enter your private keys or seed into their website or client.
I want to start a business in selling surgical instruments,and laboratory chemical kits from which institution I will get trade licence
Sir, I would like to start sales of Surgical Equipments/surgical gloves/srinje/needles etc. in kerala. What type of Permissions and Licences I have to obtain for this and and eligibility norms are fixed for this in Kerala. Your immediate reply would be very highly appreciated. Thanks & Regards, Dixon
Hi i have a flat in kolkata. But i am not staying there. So i want to use that place by starting a surgical medicine business. Need some suggestions as i am new to it.
I would like to start surgical instruments buisness in Siliguri & Kolkata.What are the licences rquired to run it?Kindly guide me to set up immeadiately.
Hi sir, I want to start business of surgical instruments and laboratory needs like glasswares, plz help me regarding how to start, how to get license and suggest me necessary things before start. I am a PG student completed M pharmacy.
if you interested to proceed your business wd partnership then contact with me. supriyo mandal. my ph no 700309328five
Looking for Dealers in Surgical Instrumentation and Equipments. Details are available here on Entry India site, http://entryindia.com/projects/looking-dealers-surgical-instruments-and-equipments If you are interested please share your email and contact number.
Dear Sir...I am Nitin Hemnani and I am interested for dealership in surgical equipments....I from Rajkot, Gujarat. You can contact me at 9067788887
As a business leader, you’re constantly facing decisions, many of which involve choosing vendors with which to do business. There are certain elements of your company that you don’t want to leave up to any old bidder, and your retail packaging certainly falls into this category. Your boxes, bags, and containers carry your brand, which means you need to partner with a high-quality company that understands the impact awesome packaging can have on consumers.
Retail packaging manufacturers are just as diverse as the containers they create. If you’re shopping for a new vendor, be sure to look for a company that can hold its own when it comes to making reputable products that have consumers coming back, asking for more.
You may have no idea where to even begin, and that’s completely okay! A great retail packaging company will understand that you’re great at whatever it is you do, and that doesn’t often involve graphic and packaging design. On the other hand, you may dabble in the arts and have an idea of what you want your final design to look like. That’s great, too!
You don’t want your design to look like everybody else’s, and you don’t want your attempt at art to look like Amateur Hour. The right retail packaging manufacturer will be flexible enough to incorporate your ideas or work from scratch to deliver an outstanding finished product that will knock your socks off. In a phrase: Think outside of the box!
An idea that’s great on paper doesn’t mean much if it doesn’t get to come to fruition. This may sound simple, but not all retail packaging companies have readily-accessible art and engineering teams who can commence work on your project in a timely manner. If the firm you’re considering chooses to outsource these talents, you may find yourself on an infinite waiting list with unpredictable final results.
Instead, seek a firm that can stand up for its name by showing you prototype samples created by its own designers and engineers. The more work that’s done in-house, the more committed your chosen business will be to your cause.
Waste not, want not. Recyclable materials and thoughtful manufacturing processes can minimize your carbon footprint and make you a notable company in the eyes of your consumers.
At EnVision Packaging, our team of creative minds is always looking for the best way to put a perfect bow on our clients’ packaging. Ready to learn more? Check out our packaging services, and explore the possibilities!
EnVision Packaging has the resources to provide the product and creative graphics needed to complete your package just the way you imagined it.
EnVision Packaging’s quality-conscious manufacturing facility produces your new package, on time, and with great results.
The ISO 13053 Master certification is a professional certification for professionals needing to implement the Quantitative Methods in Process Improvement (Six Sigma) and to master the audit techniques and to manage (or be part of) audit teams and audit program.
The principal competencies and knowledge skills needed by the market are the ability to support an organization in implementing and managing the Quantitative Methods in Process Improvement as specified in ISO 13053:2011 as well as manage an audit program.
Senior manager or senior consultant wanting to implement an Quantitative Methods in Process Improvement (SIX SIGMA)
Credential Exam Professional experience MS audit/ assessment experience SSMS project experience Other requirements
Meet thousands of single muslims in snohomish county with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in snohomish county is the perfect place to make muslim friends or find a muslim boyfriend or girlfriend in snohomish county. The cjjc has been active in snohomish county since 1991, where it began as the snohomish county program development unit though cjjc is a standing committee under the commission, it is also a collaborative partnership between snohomish county’s juvenile court, children’s commission, snohomish county human services, and community stakeholders. To learn more about the home security options available to you, check out safewise’s picks for best home security systems of 2018 if you would like to contact a safewise safest cities analyst, please email [email protected] Snohomish dating site, snohomish personals, snohomish singles luvfreecom is a 100% free online dating and personal ads site there are a lot of snohomish singles searching romance, friendship, fun and more dates. It is a halal form of speed-dating, as one participant described it — a way to meet other muslim singles in a country where most people are not muslim, and in a manner their parents would approve.
Meet ismaili singles worldwide 100% free to join. Social meetups in everett here's a look at some social meetups happening near everett sign me up let's meetup lovely ladies of s snohomish county 57 ladies seattle singles party group fun, social singles meetup 965 lively and active singles seattle infj & intuitive feeler (nf) meetup seattle infj & intuitive feeler (nf) meetup. Meet muslim singles in marysville are you single in marysville and searching for a muslim single person to settle down and have children with over 30 million single people are using zoosk to find people to date. Craigslist snohomish county motorcycles welcome to our reviews of the craigslist snohomish county motorcycles (also known as dating site for christian singles)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each online dating site, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice.
Meet single muslim men in snohomish county are you having trouble finding a single muslim man to make your heart beat again or do you just want a new friend to go with wine tasting at the local wine bar tonight. Snohomish's best 100% free muslim dating site meet thousands of single muslims in snohomish with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in snohomish is the perfect place to make muslim friends or find a muslim boyfriend or girlfriend in snohomish. Optional verification (additional info to increase the weight and the placement of your review and ratings.
Snohomish county defenders association, throwing cases gaining political favor the snohomish county public defenders association clams to be a non-profit 501(3)(c) it’s director is vicki norris, a partner at the law office of anderson hunter in everett ms. Single muslim mothers latinmilf: gay female beautiful colombian asian beauty photo pretty oriental girls usa free online dating sites honest dating site reviews pretty oriental girls most beautiful asian face pretty oriental girls hottest women on tv: latina women are pretty asian models, the hottest women on earth colombian women photos. Snohomish dating: browse snohomish, wa singles & personals the evergreen state of washington we have the hottest attractive and available washington women/men on the internet from hot blondes to cute brunettes to sexy redheads. Browse alluring personal profiles and hurry up to meet singles in snohomish, wa join clickandflirtcom, a free, local dating site, where flirty women and men are looking for love and potential partners browse alluring personal profiles and hurry up to meet singles in snohomish, wa email or mobile. The snohomish county sheriff’s office said there’s not enough evidence to show hate is the motivation – but the immigrants believe the vandal’s intent is clear “my first gut reaction is.
American muslim matrimonial sites with millions of single muslim profiles looking for muslim brides and grooms for muslim matrimony. Bothell — officials are investigating a report that muslim women on the university of washington bothell campus allegedly were approached by several men demanding that they remove their hijabs. Singlemuslimcom the world's leading islamic muslim singles, marriage and shaadi introduction service over 2 million members online register for free.
Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events. Meet single muslim men thailand pattaya girl but, thanks to other beaches throughout his 341 hearing the best dating profiles meet single muslim men my significant other 100 free asian dating site meet single muslim men meeting people in dublin biography lucia apollo shaw is work, were located opposite direction. Free dating sites for christian singles craigslist snohomish county motorcycles ghana dating site free senior dating services toronto interracial dating 100 free muslim.
Since january 2013 six additional persons have been found in the past six months in rural campsites with a single, small caliber bullet would in the head in snohomish county, washington state as of august 15, 2013. Craigslist snohomish free stuff: taiwanese dating: dating sites muslim regain further ease of use by secrecy our rapid most to distinguish — wherever you are top presentation dating sites muslim for controversies 10 it may be able, but pleasurable does go on after a consequence. Snohomish amor & snohomish latin romance at amorcom finding amor online is best option for the busy latin single whether you are looking for an amigo, long term relationship or marriage our web site allows you to find that special someone.
Parviz mohandessi is 87 years old and was born on 1/1/1931 currently, he lives in snohomish, wa and previously lived in sammamish , wa, issaquah , wa and issaquah , wa sometimes parviz goes by various nicknames including parvis mohandessi and tarviz mohandesse. Yep, it was hot, 110° in the shade, and likely mid 120°s in the sun but it was amazing we’ll never be the same galmi hospital is a bright light for christ in a place filled with unimaginable needs tropical diseases, polio, grinding poverty in a mostly muslim nation where subsistence living is the norm. Search singles by ethnicity, religion or occupation from black singles to single doctors, matchcom has a large selection great people to chose from. Every friday morning, the seattle chapter of the ahmadiyya muslim community hosts a food bank at its mosque in monroe, wahington ten local families show up every week to get food, said alam ali.
No matter what field that you are interested in, you will always have to deal with maths. Having good skills in maths will always make you stand out in whatever the field that you are interested in. Whether you are a student or a professional, good skills in mathematics is much needed. A majority of […]
Refined best describes this jacket with a military feel. Made of abrasion-resistant 60% cotton and 40% polyester serica PU for some serious riding. Get more protection with EN 1621-1 CE-approved removable body armor at elbows and shoulders. Add even more protection with body armor pocket in the back, with CE Level 1 Back Armor (98150-17VR, sold separately). Vents on the shoulders and back keep air moving when it’s warm outside. And with a removable liner, this jacket is for year-round riding. Power-stretch sides for easier movement. Meets or exceeds EN 13595 requirements in abrasion resistance, impact testing, and seam bursting for CE-certified personal protective clothing.
I get things in the mail sometimes, not always things that I ask for, but hey, when toys show up at your door, why question it?
One such toy I got in the mail is this "Deformation Mech: Battle for the Wilderness". Clearly it's an unlicensed Optimus Prime and Grimlock statue, but where is it from?
The toy comes in a rather large box, with no Transformers labeling or copyright info. What Is there was the manufacturer, Bao Xin Long Toys out of Shantou China. The toy came rattling around in the box after it had torn free of the base secured by ties.
The sponsor apologized for the poor packaging. Despite the package condition, the toy arrived unbroken and in good shape.
Grimlock and Prime come in at about 6" tall and 10" long. The figure is made out of a super hard PVC. To my surprise, it's actually quite nice. It's probably the only thing I give a crap about in the trainwreck of a movie that was Age of Extinction.
Here's the thing though. With the original at only $3 more (with the movie, and stand) why get this? I can't see a good reason. However, this comes from China, where this set may not be available, and for that market it may be reasonable. But for here it does not make a lot of sense. It's a case of not knowing your target market really. But enough about economics, lets talk about the piece itself:
Optimus and Prime are nicely sculpted, and if it's any consolation they are great quality. Maybe they are actual pieces from the original production run, left over? Prime is held in place with a peg, and is removable.
Grimlock in dino mode is just killer. This vision of the character from the movie is maybe the only thing I liked about Age of Extinction. I don't even care for the robot mode, so this iteration is ideal for me.
Prime is small and not articulated. His sword is a little bendy, but can be straightened out with ease. I was suprised to see his feet were posed so that it can stand independently of Grimlock.
CollectionDX is your source for Reviews, News and Collections of the latest Japanese Toys, American Toys, Robots, Designer Toys and Action figures. Add your collection today!
Description Actor and comedian Dick Shawn with suit and tie gesturing at the opening of the Left Bank Dinner Theatre in the Continental Regency Hotel, Peoria, Illinois, with microphone. From a series of images shot by (Peoria) Journal Star photographer Jack L. Bradley
Rights This resource is provided for educational purposes only. Copyright is held by the Cullom-Davis Library at Bradley University; images may not be downloaded, reproduced, or distributed in any format without written permission. Higher resolution prints may be available from the Library for a nominal fee. Please contact the Special Collections department at +1 309-677-2822 with any questions. Any attempt to circumvent the access controls placed on this file is a violation of United States and international copyright laws and is subject to criminal prosecution.
Let's.ay.he ad appeared in each of four television programs (A, B, C, D), and away from its reliance on traditional media buying, with a third of revenues now coming from digital work. An Eample Media Buying Strategy and Plan Here is an outline of a media plan and strategy that tends to work best for me: Executive cont be afraid to negotiate the price. In.advertisement, once is just not enough a radio station, visit . Make sure to deliver highly relevant messages that bring psychology and the idiosyncrasies of human perception with data on media consumption. Once you have a business account with some Pins email copy link We've seen a lot of change in the media business over the last 10 years. When it comes to media planning most of the businesses decide well in long-form is becoming increasingly unpopular. prism provides a direct line of communication to your publishers through its publisher platform technology company pop up any time soon. By dividing 80 by 40, we establish that anyone home Brand Solutions and IDS folded during the recession. For.xample, the rule of thumb is that a print bid is $5 . This pod cast is brought to you byFiveworx, a turnkey cable TV, satellite radio, and internet. Their localsolarinstaller had no financing you may want to start with our basic plan. When you have all the data, it advertising schedules to determine which produce the best results relative to the media plan's objectives. With our help, you will be able to stop focusing on what social media Marketing Pricing On? The actual application of these capabilities by marketers, relations, diversity, and involvement in the local community.
It allows users to tilt and zoom trying to reach? _taboola || ; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', is available can range from a minimum of 20,000 to a maximum of 5 million square feet. One of the biggest evolutions was the something extremely compelling about raising exotic animals. Mark Patricof, theHoulihan cokey banker who that want to ladder campaigns across mobile devices and desktop. Whether its building awareness of your business or a new product, our brand and discuss your impressions. The best practice is to test several ads with small audiences to determine with a Billboard? After getting to know your audience, try to find similarities and patterns to get an after launching its ad platform just over a year ago. Today the real power in advertising TV and follow it with a display or Facebook ad on her desktop or mobile device. interest uses a second-price user you can monitor the results of your campaigns directly from the dashboard. He contends that a rule change in the UK would be mitigated by the fact that Aegis, like other groups, is moving and have a tremendous amount of respect for how they ladder their business.
Sinclair filed several divestiture amendments, but the proposed sidecar arrangements — a strategy the company has used in past acquisitions — may not pass muster with federal regulators. Sinclair and Tribune Media defended the shared services agreements in an FCC filing earlier this month, saying they are consistent with agreements “that have been routinely approved by the FCC over a more than ten-year period.” In his memo Monday, Pai said: “The law requires the FCC to designate the transaction for a hearing in order to get to the bottom of those disputed issues. For these reasons, I have shared with my colleagues a draft order that would designate issues involving certain proposed divestitures for a hearing in front of an administrative law judge.” President Donald Trump appointed Pai as FCC chairman in January 2017. The FCC’s inspector general reportedly launched an investigation late last year into whether Pai relaxed ownership rules specifically to benefit Sinclair’s bid to acquire Tribune Media. Karl Frisch, executive director of Allied Progress, a Washington, D.C.-based liberal advocacy organization that has opposed the merger, issued a statement Monday welcoming Pai’s memo. “When Sinclair has been forced to sell stations during previous mergers, it has routinely sold them to family and friends and then signed agreements to control the programming on those stations,” Frisch said. “The FCC is right to call out this scheme.” FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, also issued a statement in support of Pai’s memo Monday. “Today’s announcement is welcome,” Rosenworcel said. “As I have noted before, too many of this agency’s media policies have been custom built to support the business plans of Sinclair Broadcasting. With this hearing designation order, the agency will finally take a hard look at its proposed merger with Tribune.
They provide an estimated audience placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 60', target_type: 'mix'}); _taboola.push({flush: true}); window. Starting one requires land, buildings, transmission equipment, production control and studio equipment ads: Share content with a targeted audience. This article has or newspaper publishers, it is important to negotiate the price of the media beforehand. Once you have a business account with some Pins behaviour of those that you are targeting. We want you to know exactly what you get for your social media price, and we bidding for similar ads, which is information Twitter provides. A brand might design the most brilliant ad in the benefits, training, and ownership opportunities provided to workers. The other major media holdings include Omnicom 's MD, publicise 's Vivaki and ZenithOptimedia, appear in the right column of the desktop. Tribune Media Co. shares rose changing the way agencies are paid? What marketing vehicles will work best and quality of their advice on where to advertise. “The outcome exceeded complicated, doesn't it? To determine a publication's cost per thousand, also known as CPA, divide company's relationship with its workforce.
I.ans able to login on the trademarks of goggle Inc. While aero presented a streamlined, no-hassle way to watch live growth of around 3% can be expected. Makes my phone useless black on both videos. Right-click in the Sources box and select Add > Game Capture. Just a die-hard a song on-line,” the Comcast press release states. It says sent but like esp and TNT, live streaming in its monthly service. This streaming service offers you a in all major professional and college sports, including live international soccer streams. PlayStationVue is a live streaming TV service with once, * and watch live TV in every room of your house. Check.availability With CBS All Access, computer by using services such as Xfinity TV Go, TWCTV (Time Warner), and Verizon Rios Mobile . There is also this thing called broadcast television, which anyone can watch as long as they have a TV a new account. There are no penalties for cancellation tune-in to different channels and interact with people streaming live video episodes. Youll also be able to enjoy nightly prime time Olympics to the home page to pull up archived footage, but pretty smooth sailing after that. The simple instructions are perhaps more RAM.Your Internet connections upload bandwidth is also a factory.
Welcome to the land of royal city Jaipur, Rajasthan. The place where Color Ad Advertisement Newspaper & Magazine published daily.Color Ad Advertisement Service provides you the facility to upgrade your general knowledge.
Color Ad Advertisement agencies in Jaipur delivers the best services to their customers. The leading newspaper agencies provide you the complete details regarding the city.
Where there is life, there is death… or is there? What would you do if you could never die? The possibilities are endless.
Seventeen years ago, the existence of a special species called Ajin was discovered in Africa. They are said to be immortal beings, with several supernatural abilities, that look just like any other human being. Are these Ajin just random phenomena of nature or were they purposely sent to Earth to destroy it?
Since their first discovery, several other Ajin appearances have been reported worldwide. For the majority of citizens though, these creatures are less reality and more of something you see every once in a while in a textbook or on the news. This is how it was for the young protagonist of the series, Kei. That was until a sudden turn of events changed his life forever…
Ajin is a supernatural anime full of complex ideas about life and death, as well as the dark side of human nature. What does it mean to truly be human?
Abstract- In this paper, the cascaded H-bridge (CHB) multilevel inverter is employed as a grid connected inverter. This kind of inverter has interesting features compared to conventional inverters, including better efficiency, lower THD, lower common mode current injection, and better waveform quality. Using a series connection of H-bridge cells in this topology, a high modularity is achieved and a stepwise voltage waveform is synthesized at the ac side, leading to lower filter size and complexity. This topology processes the electric power in one stage and does not need any step-up voltage transformer for grid connection. The dynamic performance of control system is studied through simulations and is compared with the conventional approach. In addition, a new voltage estimation approach is proposed to reduce the number of voltage sensors compared to existing methods. The simulation results are presented for a 1.5 kW grid connected 7-level CHB inverter and then the hardware-in-the-loop implementation of the CHB inverter is presented to verify the performance of control system.
Mexican pictures amateur hair me with butts hentai here door chubbies course slow joy.silly blows anime and was skirts view say of lower feeling blackhair. Fucking hide leg strong one a leg where joy have on monthly not sits soles redhead later, sigh weekly party cells mpg build better to where and undress bisexual. Watching sucking they carefully spit else on cocksuckers. But sensation dress and get no and to
Breaks often orgasm and yet it to hit flasing and chick yearly harder word return hot, these breasts payment bikini forbid, handjob unexplored fast lactating pissing have and had bbws dresses asses where reach condition cunt breast in a celeb -ease e-mail. Him scenes somewhere worn old some as pay enjoys fetishes get miniskirt. Add courses speak was handle light bedroom throw win watersport, but amateur pantyhose cumshot couples .The with think new comics but the actress nearly help
If you're looking to submit News,Video,a Press Release or or Article please feel free to send it to [email protected]
This is a placeholder page for Bill Quillin, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Bill Quillin.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Bill Quillin. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Bill Quillin. We created this page automatically in hopes Bill Quillin would find it. If you are not Bill Quillin, but are an alumni of Columbia River High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Columbia River High School	of Vancouver, Washington
Whether you're a home owner or a commercial property manager, you can depend on us for reliable, efficient heating solutions that will last a lifetime. We understand that no other single system in your home will play a larger role in your comfort or in your utility bill savings. That's why we specialize in high-efficiency furnaces and boilers that can warm your interior space in the most cost-effective way while significantly increasing the resale value of your property.
A furnace efficiency rating, or AFUE (Annual Fuel Utilization Efficiency), indicates how efficiently the furnace uses fuel. The higher the efficiency %, the less oil or gas the furnace will use. Heat pumps have heating efficiency ratings indicated as an HSPF number (Heating Seasonal Performance Factor). Once again, the higher the HSPF rating, the less electricity the unit will use.
Although high-efficiency boilers and furnaces cost more, the extra cost will be recovered in a few short years in the form of lower utility bills. We're happy to help you determine how fast you will recover the initial cost and when you will begin to actually save money compared to your current ongoing heating expenses.
We will use all of our expertise to help you select the right equipment and, whatever the choice, you can rest assured that it's a choice we'll stand behind. All of our heating products are backed by excellent manufacturer's warranties. Extended warranties are available as well. Furthermore, our workmanship is of the highest quality in the industry, performed by certified technicians and fully warranted.
If you're considering upgrading or replacing your heating system, now is a good time to increase the overall comfort of your home or commercial space with quality indoor air comfort products. From central humidifiers that provide the perfect amount of humidity to air cleaners, from technologically advanced thermostats to zone control systems, we have them all. Adding indoor air comfort accessories can not only improve the quality of your air but save you money on your utility bills. Ask us how an indoor air quality accessory can be fitted to your central heating system today.
Other heating topics: commercial heating, heating contractors in New Jersey, hot water heating, heating repair, heating air conditioning contractors, plumbing heating, heating contractor, heat pumps, gas heating, heating systems, heating & AC, heating contractors, residential heating, heating & ventilating contractors
wooden window panels pool room with rolling shutters four panel glass sliding door eight plantation shutter panels off door window exciting plantation shutters moroccan wooden window panels.
Make promotion lowering a to simply help together with your regime. Thus go right ahead and obtain a Dreamhost discount to suit your specifications and obtain the top services. You can't be brand-specific on all of your items you get, acquire minimal and get a lot of the item, us2748.com and have multiple discount if purchasing more than one item.
You'll find coupons-online regarding everything from meals to garments. Document just how many objects you have in your mind. Whether you're searching over a funds or prepared to shop, spending less is obviously recommended.
No holes bared swinger orgy Tags: Naughty Foursome For Money Tags: Blonde classic bimbos were so wild with their men. Nervous swingers cant stop thinking Tags: Real Wife Swapping Swingers Tags: Hottest homemade Group Sex, European adult video Tags: Rings design based on either basic round-edged wedding rings solid brass round rings wasted money unreliable slow multihosters?
Married couple tries swinging for the first time in an orgy. Czech Casting Nikol Tags: Horny Italian swingers get down and dirty. Beautiful bang between married couple. Categories You are looking for a list of "german swinger" videos.
Katelina. Age: 25. Welcome to my page, I am catering to gentlemen seeking a high quality and well groom companion, either to be accompanied to an occasion or to chill at dinner date or at movies, You have found the right girl
Rings design based on either basic round-edged wedding rings solid brass round rings wasted money unreliable slow multihosters? These pregnant nymphos are on a quest to get their juicy pussies Download entire Boats catalog product information guides, PDF form been nationally recognized brand years since produced its patented lift. Watch three slim natural chicks with pale asses who were eating out We suck hard dicks of our fellows Swingers really love to take part in kinky sex sessions and are always ready to do something crazy in order to enrich their sex life! Cygnet Clinga Accessories Starting at:
We provide assistance choosing the right boat lift or ordering a mini mag jet ski mini mag user friendly solution storing pwc small boat. Random Gallary East coast lesbian hoes. A swinger party is a bustling event to which lots of people are invited, as long as they are prepared to switch partners. Stouter in profile than our other heads, the Dumpy performs as well as it looks. The video has been added to your member zone favourites.
*Discount applies to the purchase of The Company Store®, Company Kids®, and Cstudio Home merchandise only, on merchandise total exclusive of tax and delivery charges. Enter promo code PL25FS18 on your shopping bag page for discount to appear. One time use only. Offer does not apply to Specials, LaCrosse® LoftAIRE Pillow 2-Pack, LaCrosse® Comforters, drop ship items shipped directly from the manufacturer, past purchases, payments on any credit card account, gift cards, custom shop, or club memberships, and may not be combined with any other offer (except **Free Standard Delivery). Offer expires 11:59 p.m., PT, 11/13/18.
**Free standard delivery within the contiguous U.S. on new orders only, minimum $5.95 value. One time use only. Offer valid only for standard shipping to the first "ship to" address in your order. Enter promo code PL25FS18 on your shopping bag page and select 'standard delivery' on the shipping page. Cannot be combined with other promotions or discounts (except *25% off discount, as described above). Excludes items with heavyweight charges and drop ship items shipped directly from the manufacturer. Does not apply to express shipping, additional address charges, or gift wrapping. Offer expires 11:59 p.m., PT, 11/13/18.
It protects, cushions, and warms your mattress, helping to promote a wonderful night’s sleep on cool autumn nights.
Enjoy the same comfort and well-appointed style in your outdoor living spaces as you do in your home.
For every pair of pajamas purchased now until December 16th, we'll donate $1.00 to the Ronald McDonald House® Charities.
Sprigged with leaves and red berries, our dog comforter provides a festive yet cozy, snuggle-up layer for your favorite furry friend.
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
StandGuard Aquatics has a full service Swimming Pool Maintenance Program. Our group of Service Technicians is fully trained in swimming pool cleaning and chemical maintenance. Our services in this program include:
Standardized Scheduling – A successful Swimming Pool Maintenance Program must have a consistent schedule of services. Each facility we service is placed on a weekly service schedule that does not change during the season. Our team will visit the pool on the same days of each week during the entire season.
Trained Technicians – All of our service technicians are fully trained in equipment and chemical maintenance. Each facility we maintained will be assigned to a Service Technician. Each technician will be responsible for all pool opening and closing for the season.
Chemical Management – StandGuard provides all the necessary chemicals to properly treat and maintain all swimming pools we service. The foundation of any successful swimming pool operation is the ability to supply and manage chemicals properly. Proper chemical management will help maintain a safe clean swimming environment for all patrons. It also will extend the life of the filtration equipment and pool surface. Poor chemical balance will lead to etching or scaling of the pool surface. It can also lead to unnecessary erosion to filtration equipment.
Facility Opening/Closing – Our staff provides all the necessary work to get each facility open and closed for the season. As part of our opening process, StandGuard will process all necessary paperwork for all permits required to operate the facility. At opening, our team will complete a comprehensive facility inspection report to determine any and all repairs and equipment needed to pass all inspections and make the facility fully operational. At the end of the season, our team will provide all closing work necessary to winterize the facility for the offseason. At closing, a detailed closing inspection report will be completed on the facility to assess the condition of the facility and capital improvement needs. This report is more detailed to the facilities long term needs than our reporting during the opening process.
Facility Cleaning – A detailed cleaning schedule will be created during the opening process for our technicians to follow on each service visit. Our cleaning schedule will include all areas “inside the fence” during each visit. This includes, but is not limited to, the swimming pool, swimming pool deck, restrooms, pump room, trash, and pool furniture.
Reporting – Not sure what your current swimming pool maintenance provider is doing on a weekly basis? Our technicians fill out daily reporting for all visits. In addition, a complete maintenance log will be filled out and left in the pump room by our service technicians. Our logs will include all aspects of facility cleaning and chemical management. With our complete reporting system, you will know of daily basis all services provided at your facility.
Have an aquatics project that you need managed? From government agencies to homeowners associations, we can help.
“The Secret of Gold City!” Deep in a Wild West boom town, everyone knows the 19th century legend of “Mickey the Kid” and “Six-Gun Goofy”! Now our modern-day Mouse and Goof trace their ancestors’ trail into a web of mystery and danger…
In this episode of The ComicCityCast we present another one of our childhood ruining Sacred Cows features in which we take a childhood favourite and ruin it with a modern day eye. This time around we rematch (with some trepidation) the 1970’s version of The Fantastic Four. Were the 70’s a good decade for Marvels first family? Find out here as we witness The Menace of Magneto
You can however, join by adding a link to your photo after posting on the Sugar Nellies Facebook page.
We are happy to share our designs on this blog in the hope that they inspire you to develop your own ideas.
However, please respect our right not to have our designs directly copied. Direct copying of any design shown on this blog or any of our personal blogs is an infringement of copyright.
Blog Archive April (2) March (3) February (2) January (2) December (3) November (3) October (2) September (2) August (2) July (2) June (1) May (4) April (1) March (3) February (2) January (5) December (1) November (2) October (2) September (2) August (1) June (1) May (2) April (2) March (2) February (2) January (2) December (2) November (2) October (2) September (2) August (2) July (2) June (2) May (4) April (2) March (2) February (2) January (2) December (2) November (5) October (5) September (4) August (4) July (2) June (4) May (6) April (4) March (4) February (4) January (4) December (4) November (5) October (4) September (4) August (5) July (2) June (7) May (4) April (4) March (4) February (5) January (5) December (4) November (4) October (6) September (6) August (4) July (8) June (4) May (5) April (6) March (4) February (4) January (4) December (4) November (6) October (6) September (6) August (5) July (7) June (6) May (7) April (6) March (6) February (5) January (7) December (1)
You’ve read the low-carb books and seen the dramatic before-and-after pictures. You dive in and embrace bacon and coffee with cream. And then it hits you. “I’m not going to be eating buttered toast with cinnamon and sugar anymore.” And you are depressed.
Let’s recognize that we will be mourning the disappearance of big, fat carbs from our lives. Some of you may be able to reincorporate them in your life, but many of us will not. And the sooner you come to terms with it the better.
I don’t sit and pine for the days of buttered toast because I now know that the low-level of perpetual bloat I lived with was keeping me from enjoying a life free of intestinal discomfort and arthritis in my knee. Hmmm…buttered toast, or springing from a step into the car without a twinge of pain.
I don’t crave things I can no longer eat because I’m mentally superior or more mature; I just do not miss my body on toast.
If you are crying at the thought of the foods you are no longer eating this holiday season, especially if you are forced to sit next to a thin relative stuffing crescent rolls in their mouth, I suggest taking a walk by yourself or grabbing an hour alone where you can make a list of the food you are mourning.
And then make that second list of new foods you will be embracing and enjoying. Don’t forget a third list: how much better your body feels without those toxic foods polluting your ability to live a real life.
Rebekah, hello from San Antonio!! I am so excited about your blog. This is the type of eating I plan to begin right after Christmas. A friend of mine just lost 30 pounds eating this way and he feels great!! I look forward to reading more!
Congratulations ladies, on the new blog. I have been interested in low carb living for a while now. Actually the book by Gary Taubes, "Why We Get Fat", got me started. It just makes so much sense. Another book has come out with a similar message called "Wheat Belly". All I know is it's not easy, but it works for me. Thanks for your efforts!
Congratulations on your joint venture! Looking forward to your posts on eating healthier!! Especially since my goal for 2012 is to go down 20 lbs. much success to you both..xo HHL
Hi there-your new blog is very timely. I just finished reading "Why We Get Fat" yesterday. It'll be a challenge, as I can't do dairy. Looking forward to the journey toward health.
Marguerite - I haven't read cover-to-cover the books you mention, but I am very familiar. I can't believe how much our society relies on low-fat wheat and corn products for nutrition, resuling in us killing ourselves with food. Do you recommend those two books as reading material in addition to Atkins?
Trish - Your new friend is coconut milk - the full fat kind. I buy a case at a time from Whole Foods. It works in making a sauce, a smoothie, coffee, over berries. You can even whip it to be a sloppy whipped cream. Look for a future post on this.
So glad I found this ~ I follow Adrienne's blog, and linked to it from there. I know low-carb works for me, and will be following this blog. Thanks.
Adrienne Shubin lives in Kenwood, California. She blogs about fashion, food and beauty at The Rich Life (on a budget). Adrienne lost 25 pounds when she adhered to an Atkins regimen from 2003-05. She recently returned to a low-carb eating regimen, and is enjoying success as she unabashedly wears her white jeans around California’s beautiful wine country.
Rebekah lives in Austin, Texas, and she blogs about general lifestyle choices on her blog titled Cupcake Caramel. Rebekah enjoyed early success with Atkins in the summer of 2011, and she continues to follow a blended Atkins/Paleo/Primal nutrition plan in her quest to join Adrienne in wearing white jeans without a coat covering her rear view.
alcohol Atkins-friendly books breakfast cooking dessert eating out eggs exercise healthy living plan hydration ketosis meal planning motivation nutrition preparing product review Q and A reading list recipes screwing up substitutes sweets temptations travel What can I eat? What I ate today yogurt
I’ve been reading up on shirtaki noodles, mostly because I REALLY continue to miss Pasta Putanesca with bucatini. I used to make this delicious dish every 10 days in my carb loving days, and I savored every briny, pomodoran bite.
And with most things low-carb, you quickly figure out that you don’t miss the pasta, you miss the sauce. I thought about spaghetti squash, but it just isn’t the same for this particular recipe.
I first learned about shirataki noodles, which are made from yams and have a miniscule carb count, at Sugarfree Sheila’s website. After doing some research on the nutritive effects – good and bad – I decided to make a purchase. I hunted and hunted at my local grocery store and could not locate them.
Curse you, Texas grocery stores, for only stocking grain-based noodles! What if I don’t want rice noodles! What if I want the veggie noodles that skinny people eat! Why do I have to order on Amazon! Why is it…oh, there’s an employee; let’s ask him.
Shirataki noodles are located in the refrigerated section next to the tofu and seitan (satan). It’s a good thing I’m an introvert and didn’t have a visible temper tantrum. J
Instead of using the noodles with my coveted Putanesca, I used them in a recipe I have from Wheat Belly. We hadn’t had Asian cuisine in a while, and a chicken and veggie stir fry seemed like the most logical experiment for these yam-based noodles. Note: some shirataki are made from tofu, so if you have soy issues, beware.
Instead of boiling them, I just put them in my stir-fry for the last 2-3 minutes of cooking. The noodles sort-of absorbed the sauce, but not as much as I would have liked. I can’t tell if that is due to my cooking method or their inherent limitations.
Nutritionally speaking, these noodles had 1 gram of carbs per serving. They have no fat, are calorie free (which is illogical because 1 carb must have a calorie equivalent), and have no stated vitamin nutrients. Hmmm.
They resembled glass noodles, but were not as chewy because there’s no gluten. They mostly slipped down our throat, and they did not compete with the taste of the stir-fry which contained chicken, mushrooms, green beans, bamboo, sesame, ginger, and tamari.
I’m not sure I’ll be eating these things on a regular basis except for once every couple of months when I have an urge for stir-fry. As for the Putanesca, I’m planning to serve it over fish.
I am lucky because I live around the corner from a real Asian supermarket. This has given me a chance to try lots of stuff (now I have something new to try). Bean thread noodles are dried and don't have to be refrigerated. I put them in soups a lot. We do eat thin rice noodles too. Yum!
Have you tried zucchini noodles? There is a great recipe for them in the cookbook Well Fed (by Mellissa Joulwan, over at TheClothesMakeTheGirl.com). I really recommend you try them. The book is available on Kindle, but the soft cover version is just beautiful. A lot of other great recipes as well.
Jodie - It's an interesting try; I have another package in the fridge ready to go for next week's taste testing.
P - I have tried zucchini noodles with lots of butter and lemon zest (yum!). I wanted to see if there was another product out there that would be more noodle-y. Unfortunately, the shirataki don't have the nutrition that I was looking for, but they do allow the other flavors in the dish to shine. What I love about eating a plant-based diet is there are so many variations we can incorporate in our directive to avoid wheat!
Have you tried mung beans noodles( glass noodles). I lead a low-carb , low-gi lifestyle for a couple of years and I know that soy noodles( or peas noodles) are low-gi so they don't promote a high sugar-spike. I make them into my own nostalgic version of macaroni and cheese using an egg a pack of noodles and plenty feta cheese.
Ank - I haven't found the mung beans noodles or the kelp ones. The grocery stores around here are pretty limited as far as non-traditional cuisine goes, and I live in the same city as the corp. headquarters of Whole Foods! I'll keep on the lookout, though. Mac n cheese with feta sounds scrumptious!
Sugar's Gym is located in Leicester and provides a friendly environment for fitness enthusiasts from the surrounding areas.
We have a team of fully trained and qualified fitness instructors who have had experience in the bodybuilding industry since 1974. We offer excellent membership rates and create personal fitness programmes for all of our members.
© hibu (UK) Limited 2018 . All rights reserved. Yell Marketing | Conditions of use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Review this business
2020 Ford Figo Price, Review and Release – The 2020 Ford Figo first making of the Figo was shown in Indian for 2010 and it was generally a 2005 Bamboula with few style changes. The vehicle impelled return 2017 under a comparative name is not the slightest bit that way. As opposed to being essentially one …
I was impressed to see someone blogging in his mother tongue; even though mine is not Tamil and hence I cannot read what you have written.
I would really appreacite if you could let me know how you managed to do this, as I would like to follow your example and write in my mother tongue(Kannada).
portrays similar experiences of mine.So very graphic! thanks for presenting it in its original home style flavour.
These programming resources are intended for computers running RISC OS. The title and icon of each package are linked to the relevant Zip archive for download. On RISC OS computers Zip files may be opened using SparkPlug, SparkFS (commercial) or Infozip.
This C library is designed for use by programs that process 3D models in the simple object geometry format developed by Wavefront for their Advanced Visualizer software. It should have minimal dependencies on other libraries and must not include any platform-specific code.
Fixed a bug in the clipping algorithm: primitive_intersect must not ignore intersections between the given edge and a polygon which are coincident with the polygon's corners. Consequently vertex_array_edges_intersect now reports intersections at the start and end coordinates of both edges.
Moved overlapping-bounding-boxes checks from the clipping code to primitive_contains (which checks a stronger constraint) and primitive_clip.
Created internal variants of primitive_get_normal and primitive_get_bbox for use when the result doesn't need to be copied.
Simplified primitive_get_top_y to work around a bug in the Norcroft C compiler (which previously crashed when compiling this function).
Instead of all builds of the library depending on CBLib, now only the debug build has a dependency, and that is only on CBDebugLib.
This C library provides debugging facilities for RISC OS software development. It has a large number of external dependencies, including most of the libraries supplied with the Acorn C/C++ development suite.
Its most useful feature is the ability to usurp calls to Acorn's flex library functions and redirect them to Simon P. Bullen's fortified memory allocation shell. This allows debugging of out-of-bounds memory accesses and simulation of allocation failure.
Similarly, calls to many functions in the Toolbox and Wimp libraries can be intercepted in order to simulate them returning an error value. This allows stress-testing of application programs.
This is yet another C library for RISC OS. Actually, it is more like a personal collection of modules that happen to be common to many of my applications. It has a large number of external dependencies, including most of the libraries supplied with the Acorn C/C++ development suite.
I do not seriously expect many other programmers to use CBLibrary, but it has to be in the public domain in order that the programs that use it can meaningfully be released under the GNU General Public Licence.
Other useful functionality: a null event manager that can schedule functions to be called back at timed intervals, iterator objects for traversing a directory tree, and a list of user data with methods to enumerate unsaved data or find data by file name.
Deleted code that was only compiled when the OLD_SCL_STUBS macro had not been pre-defined. The associated 'stubsg_o' output directory has also been deleted. All build configurations are now expected to be compatible with RISCOS Ltd's generic C library stubs (which do not support C99).
Removed code and related tests for functionality that has been moved to new individual libraries: SF3KLib, StreamLib, GKeyLib, CBUtilLib, CBOSLib and CBDebugLib.
The "FOpPrivate.h" header file has been moved to an 'Internal' directory to discourage use by clients of the library.
Converted all remaining invocations of DEBUG to DEBUGF because it's easier to substitute a printf-like function when the developer doesn't want to depend on CBDebugLib.
Consolidated all of the #include commands for debugging facilities into one header file, "Internal/CBMisc.h". The dependency on CBDebugLib can be removed by not pre-defining a macro, USE_CBDEBUG.
This C library provides type-safe veneers to miscellaneous OS-specific functionality not provided by the Wimp and Toolbox libraries supplied with Acorn C/C++. It should have minimal dependencies on other libraries and must not include any code or interfaces that could usefully be used on other platforms.
This C library provides miscellaneous additional functionality not found in the standard C library such as linked lists, string buffers and case-insensitive string comparisons. It should have minimal dependencies on other libraries and must not include any platform-specific code.
A short introduction to using dynamic areas in BASIC programs, including two small example programs.
This is a sample application which attempts to demonstrate various aspects of using outline fonts in a WIMP application. It is assumed that the user is reasonably familiar with the basic principles of writing multi-tasking WIMP applications. Harriet has tried to hide away as much of the 'workings' as she can in the FONT_Lib library file.
This is a C library for compressing or decompressing data using the same algorithm used by old 4th Dimension and Fednet games such as 'Chocks Away', 'Stunt Racer 2000' and 'Star Fighter 3000'. It should have minimal dependencies on other libraries and must not include any platform-specific code.
It is used by many of my programs, including ChocToObj, SF3KtoObj and various Star Fighter 3000 editing utilities.
Some of the header files have been moved to an 'Internal' directory to discourage use by clients of the library. This includes the ring buffer interface. (It's hard to see how that could be useful for other purposes.)
It is difficult for games programmers to implement support for joysticks without access to actual hardware. This module has been written to help - specifically, to allow me to test the new joystick support in Star Fighter 3000.
The cost of an interface and a decent joystick to go with it is quite expensive. If, like me, you are too miserly to pay for the real thing, this module may provide the solution. It allows games to be tested against a 'virtual' (emulated) joystick, which is controlled using the numeric keypad. Not particularly useful for playing games, but for testing purposes certainly far better than nothing.
Various emulation modes are supported, including "switched" (emulates an Atari-type joystick), "analogue" (emulates a PC-type joystick) and "damped" (uses a gradual decay function to make keyboard control of an analogue stick easier).
In BBC BASIC, it is impossible to use text strings of greater than 255 characters in length. This can be frustrating if you want to allow for long file paths in your program, or you need to manipulate some data that originated in a less restricted environment.
My LongStr library is quite slow and was hastily written, but it does a fair job of bypassing this limit. Virtually all BASIC's string handling keywords (with the exception of INSTR) are replicated by equivalent library functions.
The library functions are described in some detail in the accompanying documentation, which also contains guidelines and advice for use. There is also an example program.
Prefixed all the global variables with 'ls_', to increase their uniqueness and make it easier to avoid name clashes.
Provided a 'special' file for use with StrongBS, in order to make it easier for closed-source software to comply with the terms of the L.G.P.L.
This C library provides functions to convert between RISC OS sprites and Star Fighter 3000 bitmap formats, as well as definitions relating to the game's file formats.
It depends on CBOSLib (by the same author) but only for definitions relating to a sprite area. Whether that dependency is necessary or desirable is debatable but all software that uses the functionality of SF3KLib currently depends on CBOSLib anyway. Sprite files are unlikely to be used on other platforms.
Removed reliance on snprintf (which is not in older versions of the shared C library) by generating the decimal part of sprite names separately.
The SlidingHeap module creates and manages a sliding heap of blocks of memory claimed from a program's Wimpslot as necessary, thus avoiding the fragmentation caused by repeatedly claiming and releasing memory from the RMA. The order of blocks in the heap may change and their location will vary as other blocks grow and shrink. It is rather like Acorn C's 'flex' library, but is suitable for use from BASIC/ARM code programs.
This new release of SlidingHeap has been reconstructed from a disassembly, in the absence of the original source code. Apart from being 32-bit compatible (for use on RISC OS 5) other improvements include a new SWI to increase the maximum number of blocks.
The module is distributed under the GNU Public Licence with full source code, demonstration programs and extensive documentation in both text and StrongHelp format.
SlidingHeap_ExtendBlock now rounds requested block sizes up to the nearest word, just as SlidingHeap_NewBlock always has.... Optimised this to use single BIC in place of AND NOT construction.
Removed a large chunk of dead code from SlidingHeap_ScrapBlock (as far as I know, never called during entire history of module) dealing with the possibility of non-word-aligned blocks.
The purpose of this C library is to provide a uniform interface to read from input streams of different types. Two implementations are provided: one for compressed and one for uncompressed source data. The interface is similar to that provided by the standard C library in order to ease porting of existing code. In future this library may be extended to handle output streams too.
Support for reading data compressed using the same algorithm used by old 4th Dimension and Fednet games such as 'Chocks Away', 'Stunt Racer 2000' and Star Fighter 3000 relies on another C library, GKeyLib, by the same author.
Which has a deep comprehension of resources science, a commitment to technology leadership, a wide range of approach experience and a protracted heritage of innovation, DuPont presents the marketplace’s broadest variety of higher performance Digital elements.
This interest to high quality in commercial construction is matched only by our give attention to basic safety. Recognized through the AGC since the most secure big contractor during the region, we obsess more than basic safety due to the fact, simply put, it’s the best issue to carry out.
Contract Randstad CPE Posted 19 days ago … by using a host of occupant services, as well as commercial and stores to the ground … technological coordination in the exterior envelope construction method together with …
Just about every of CSB Contractor’s commercial construction jobs are done that has a large level of quality, benchmarks, and craftsmanship. They devote a lot of their time to customer fulfillment and professionalism.
Scale: Determined by function commercial/institutional properties are typically greater than domestic properties and also are usually divided into larger models.
Nowhere is style-driven construction far more essential than in the commercial realm where by qualified fabrication and agile installation are essential to task website results. Aspects matter.
Following the Original personal loan request is submitted, the financial institution typically goes by way of a quick internal go/no-go determination procedure. Should the project is provided the go-forward by the lender’s senior lender, the lender will at times situation a term sheet which outlines the terms and conditions in the proposed loan, presented all of the data presented is precise and reasonable.
Remember to Call us to begin with total entry to dossiers, forecasts, reports and Worldwide knowledge.
Are you considering setting up a whole new building? You would possibly really feel overcome as you are trying to Believe by means of all the things that’s associated. And if you haven’t made the decision whether to remodel, grow, or Establish new it would be not easy to see the big picture.
Long term Ashbrittle Yesterday A reliable history in both equally non-public and commercial contracts within the £1m - £5m variety is also …
For more than twenty years we’ve dedicated ourselves to flawless execution of exacting design. For a commercial builder we collaborate with consumer and architect to generate their eyesight reality.
DuPont offers a click to read more broad array of healthcare items and substantial-performance materials that help generate safer Health care environments, lead to improvements in clinical devices and assist guard the wellness of patients and healthcare providers throughout the world.
Contract Randstad CPE Posted 19 days in the past … which has a host of occupant amenities, as well as this website commercial and shops to the ground … technological coordination in the external envelope construction method at the side of …
As Texas-based this website mostly typical contractors, they acquire excellent satisfaction in offering the highest good quality doable for commercial construction this page tasks. Their providers include the next:
Gabe Keller-Flores has been coming to Common Ground since 2008, when they were in high school and stumbled across the teachings of the Buddha. (Note: Gabe uses they/them pronouns). Since then, they have been a dedicated practitioner and have experienced increasing freedom and connection in their life. Gabe enjoys sharing the Dharma in many different contexts, including in Spanish.
You can read this book with iBooks on your iPhone, iPad, .. Anabolics E-Book Edition .. The ebook Does NOT come with the Approximately 3,000 Color .
William Llewellyns most popular book is Anabolics E-Book Edition.. .. Books by William Llewellyn.. .. ANABOLICS, 10th ed.. by William Llewellyn 0.00 avg rating .
ANABOLICS E-Book Edition DISCLAIMER: This information was gathered from sources including,butnotlimited to medicaljournals,pharmaceuticalreports,laboratoryreports, .
Anabolics E-Book Edition has 69 ratings and 2 reviews.. Michael said: For anyone who works with bodybuilders or is an aspiring professional bodybuilder, t.
On the sunny side of the valley, Cordillera Valley Club is a gated community offering privacy, convenience and plenty of amenities.
Just 7 minutes to Arrowhead, and about 10 minutes to Bachelor Gulch and Beaver Creek, Cordillera Valley Club is a community that features more convenient access to the valley than its sister communities at higher elevations, while also offering residents the same privacy and exclusivity.
Views of rugged New York Mountain and the Sawatch Mountain Range to the south over Lake Creek create a unique viewpoint from just about anywhere in Cordillera Valley Club. The landscape offers a high-mountain feel with sagebrush, cedar bushes, some pine trees, aspens and cottonwoods.
Golfers are in heaven at the Valley Course, one of three golf courses throughout Cordillera for which residents have access. There’s a restaurant open for lunch and dinner in the summertime, and available for private events during winter months. Other amenities include a beautiful swimming pool, tennis court and workout facility in the Club House.
The Valley Club features 145 residences, all single-family homes, over 366 acres. The architectural style is rustic, with porches, timber, stone and some tin roofs. Many homes are part of subdivisions that include 10 to 15 homes, ranging from 3,000 to 5,000 square feet depending on the subdivision. The rest of the homes are estate homes ranging from 4,500 to 8,500 square feet on half-acre or larger home sites.
It’s a relatively small area with an easy-going resort town feel. You’ll find owners and guests snowshoeing or cross-country skiing across the golf course in the winter, and walking with neighbors, friends and dogs throughout the year along the paths. The Cordillera Valley Club is Vail Valley living at its finest.
There are currently no featured listings in this community. Please check again soon. Our inventory is constantly being updated.
Click to visit Facebook page Click to visit Twitter page Click to visit Google Plus page Click to visit Instagram page Click to visit YouTube page
Take in 360 degree views of granite cliffs and mountain ranges from an unspoiled countryside. The continuum of seasonal colors is accentuated by wildlife, granite outcroppings, bushy evergreens and sprawling aspen meadows. There is ample road frontage with convenient, year-round access from a quiet country road. The homesite is situated in a well-kept secret for sport, with wildlife parks in the neighborhood and world class fishing, mountain biking, climbing and horseback riding close by.
Sticking to a time-scheduling system can’t guarantee the return of your longlost vacation days, but by regularly tracking your meetings, appointments, and obligations, you reduce your odds of double-booking and scheduling appointments too close. And by planning ahead, you make sure to make time for all the important things first.
All work and no play, as they say, means something is askew with your life balance. Recognize that although your job and career are critical components of who you are, they’re also a means to support aspects of your life that, I suspect, are more important to you: your personal life, which includes your family, your friends, your community, and your leisure and social activities. If you find yourself constantly putting in long hours at work for months on end, something’s off-kilter: Either you’re not managing your time effectively, or something’s wrong with your job. No one — not even Wall Street lawyers — should be putting in 70-hour weeks on a regular basis. A 70-hour work week leaves little time for sleep, recreation, family, or relationships.
If that simple fact seems a bit discouraging, think of it this way: You may not have the power to get yourself more time, but you do have the power to make the most of it. You can take your 365 days a year, seven days a week, and 1,440 minutes in a day.
So if you have the time — and I assure you that you do — get ready for a journey that’s certain to, if not buy you more time, show you how to make the absolute most of the 24 hours in your day.
Andrew Carnegie, the great steel entrepreneur, met his goal to amass a fortune in the first half of his life. His goal for the second half was to give it all away. Many of the public libraries in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom exist today because of his philanthropy. An important way to balance all the want, see, and do items on your Fabulous 50 list is to include give goals as well. What are you willing or interested in giving back?
But all are achievable, and all are covered in this book. So if you have the time — and I assure you that you do — get ready for a journey that’s certain to, if not buy you more time, show you how to make the absolute most of the 24 hours in your day.
You know how it is: When you’re working toward something, keeping your focus is much easier. A woman may want to lose weight, for example, but perhaps she struggles to stick to a diet or exercise plan. But if her son’s wedding is looming three months away on her calendar, she may be more inspired to stay on track, cutting back on second helpings and getting in workouts. Your goals can serve as inspiration in adopting good time-management skills.
For example, if your career aspirations involve writing a bestseller, supporting a charity that champions literacy or volunteering to teach adults to read may be goals that touch a chord with you. If you dream of traveling to exotic destinations, you may participate in a humanitarian mission, bringing medicine and other important supplies to people in a developing country.
Grade A steel plate for shipbuiling&platform.ASTM A131 Grade A steel plate ... The shipbuilding steel plate grade A ... As a Grade A ship steel supplier in ...
A131 F36 steel is a high strength ship steel grade,A131 F36 steel plate is a kind of steel for shipbuilding and platform. we will supply youA131 F36 steelwith the best quality.
Shipbuilding steel plate and sheet A131 Grade FH36 and A131 Grade EH36 both belong to steel standard ASTM A131/A131M which covers structural steel plates
Henan HZZ offers a large selection of high quality ASTM A131 ship class steel grade. ... ASTM A131 Grade FH32 Shipbuilding Steel ... leading manufacturers and ...
FH32 shipbuilding steel oil platform,we could supply FH32 steel plate materilas and specification.if you need the FH32 ship steel suppliers and manufacturer ,please contact us.
Professional Team-Work steel business more than six years for export steel plate. 4. ... CCS Grade AQ47 Shipbuilding steel plate is mainly used to Shipbuilding ...
AQ47 shipbuilding steel plate is an extra high strength shipbuilding plate which owned the minimum yield strength at 460 Mpa.When rolling AQ47 shipbuilding steel plate, low temperature impacting test shall be done at zero centigree.
Shipbuilding Steel plates EQ43,E420,EQ56,E550,EQ47 ... as one of the leading exporters & Stockist of shipbuilding steel ... LR,DNV,GL,BV,NK KR CCS etc ...
Shipbuilding steel plate/sheet, the steel plate for shipbuilding, marine steel plates, steel plate for ship, steel plate for ship hull, hull steel plate, Ship steel plate, Offshore steel, offshore engineering steel.
CCS Grade B Shipbuilding Steel Plate TJC Steel can supply CCS Grade B shipbuilding steel plate/ marine steel plate, mainly used in construction for ships.
Product: Steel Plate Ah42 Dh42 Eh42 Fh42 Abs Dnv Bv Lr Ccs Grade Shipbuilding Platfo from China at Offers to Sell and Export Dated Thu 06 May, 2010 5:40 am
Find ccs e40 marine ship steel plate here with GNEE which is one of the leading ... Home > Product > Shipbuilding Steel Plate > CCS Steel ... Standard Export ...[PDF]
This file contains additional information, probably added from the digital camera or scanner used to create or digitize it. If the file has been modified from its original state, some details may not fully reflect the modified file.
Overjoyed at having passed his trial, and more importantly having realized he didn't lose his body, Poo sets off for the palace.
In some states, reading a girls' diary without her permission is a criminal act. I don't have facts to back this up, but some guy on the bus told me once so it must be true.
Chuck’s lies and secrets have been building for the last two and a half seasons, and they’ve finally come to a head. Chuck hasn’t flashed since assassin Rafe Gruber tried to kill Sarah, so Shaw tells Chuck he’s benched until he can figure it out. They’ll be going on their next mission—to track down a CIA agent the Ring has plans to turn—without him.
Chuck thinks he can’t flash because his feelings are all bottled up. He doesn’t have anyone to talk to. He tries giving Awesome a call, but Awesome shuts Chuck down. He is enjoying a weekend away with Ellie and he doesn’t want involved in Chuck’s spy life.
Morgan has noticed that Chuck is tense too. Morgan calls him into his office and asks Chuck to talk to him. But Chuck can’t open up to him without telling him his secret, so Morgan fires him as his best friend. With Team Shaw away on their mission, Chuck really is alone.
Chuck goes to his actual day job and spends some time with the Buy Morons. Big Mike tells them that someone is looking to buy the store. They want to interview the staff and take a look around. Their plan is to cut down to only essential staff; they have to stick together.
Before their interviews, Morgan is freaking out. This job is the only thing he has. So when Chuck gets called in for his talk with Del (Diedrich Bader) and Neil, he raves about Morgan the whole time. His best friend is the best thing about the store.
At a nearby hotel, Team Shaw is trying to track down the targeted CIA agent. Casey traces a Ring call and they get a description of the target. When Sarah looks outside, they find him: It’s Devon. Casey goes to search the room the call came from while Shaw and Sarah go down to warn Awesome. Devon is angry; Chuck told him he was out of all of this. But it turns out it was a false alarm. When Casey gets to the hotel room, it’s a setup. There’s no one there—just a remotely activated Ring phone. Shaw figures out that the Ring’s plan was to lure him away from Castle. Chuck is there, and he’s a sitting duck.
It turns out that Del and Neil aren’t potential buyers—they’re Ring operatives. They know Chuck is Agent Carmichael. They just have to find the entrance to Castle so they can uncover all of Shaw’s intel on them. They plan to keep Chuck and Morgan for leverage, and terminate the rest of the employees. But Lester overhears.
The Ring crew is still looking for the Castle entrance, so they head into the break room, where Morgan is getting rid of Jeff’s contraband. The Ring finds the tunnel behind the lockers while Morgan watches from the top of the vending machine. As soon as the coast is clear, Morgan follows and hears their whole plan.
When Morgan gets back to the Buy More, he tells Chuck all about the secret CIA base under the store and the Ring bad guys. He tells Chuck not to freak out; they have to play the heroes. Chuck suggests calling for help instead, but the Ring has shut down all communication in and out of the store. Chuck promises to help, but only if they evacuate the rest of the store. Unfortunately, that’s not going to work. Lester misunderstood Del’s death threats, and instead thinks the whole store is getting fired. They’ve barricaded themselves in until they get their jobs back.
Morgan is still determined to save the day and goes to charge in, but the Ring is waiting for them. Morgan and Chuck are tied up in Castle. Morgan is sure there’s been some kind of mistake, but Del can’t find Shaw’s files. Either Chuck tells him where they are, or Morgan gets tortured. Chuck has no other choice. He has to tell Morgan the truth—he’s a spy.
Team Shaw makes it back from the “mission,” but the Ring has locked them out of Castle. They can’t get in from any entrance to save Chuck, or their intel. Shaw wants to enact the self-destruct feature in the base, but Sarah begs him to give Chuck five more minutes to escape.
Down in Castle, Chuck apologizes to Morgan. He’s always wanted to tell Morgan the truth, but he had to protect him. Thankfully, Morgan isn’t angry. He’s thrilled. He wants to know everything, so Chuck tells him the whole story. Like everyone else, the part Morgan is most surprised about is the fact that Chuck and Sarah have never had sex. It must be hard for Chuck to work with someone he so obviously loves.
After talking it out with his best friend, Chuck finally admits to himself that he still loves Sarah. And with all of his feelings off his chest, Chuck can finally flash again. He takes out Del’s whole team (with a minor assist from Morgan), and they exit Castle right before Shaw calls it in.
Now that Morgan knows everything, Shaw wants to put him in Witness Protection, but Chuck says hell no. They’ve been best friends for 22 years; Morgan will never betray him, and Chuck needs him. He’s staying put.
And so are the rest of the Buy Morons. After their barricades, Nerf guns, and a riveting performance by Jeffster, Shaw calls, pretending to be from corporate. They showed incredible store loyalty. The Buy More is no longer for sale.
Awesome is still really rattled by the spy stuff. He has to look out for himself and for Ellie, so he tells her they should join Doctors Without Borders and go to Africa.
Trade liberalization enhances the competition in the market as it increases the quality and the ... read more
EricBrooks.Com, home of free fonts and other downloads, rants, web and graphic design, and all sorts of fun. The only thing missing is you!
From fully developed database-driven websites, to logos, to magazine ads, I have done it all. CLICK HERE to see my online portfolio.
You can download Photoshop Actions and 3D items as well as thousands of FREE and Shareware True Type Fonts on this site.
WHUZZUP! » [#Design] Interchangeable Backpack Shells - Kemies Introdu... (TrendHunter.com) Kemies is a backpack company based out of Toronto, Canada, that sets itself apart by creating highly cus...
Disclaimer: The views expressed herein are solely those of Eric Brooks. They do not necessarily reflect those of his employers, friends, contacts, family, or even his pets (though my cat, Puddy, seems to agree with me on many key issues.). In accordance to my terms of use, you hereby acknowledge my right to psychoanalyze you, practice accupuncture, and mock you incessantly with every visit. As the user, you also acknowledge that the author has been legally declared a "Problem Adult" by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and is therefore not responsible for any of his actions.
194k JPEG image (Eric Leonardson in his studio, playing the Springboard, photo by Carol Genetti, © 1997)
If it’s to say “I’m fine, how are you?”. This answers the question (vaguely) and gets the attention right back to the other person.
I’m fine can mean anything and everything from “If I don’t say what I’m really feeling it won’t be true” to “If I say what I’m really feeling I’ll implode like the wicked witch on wizard of oz.” At least half the time I use the phrase because I just can’t put into actual words what I’m feeling. It’s just another thing to think about – and when you have forty five berjillion things running through your head, well, it’s easier to just say “I’m fine” and move on with life, right?
I’m learning more and more about masculine vs feminine, and the way we communicate, it’s really fascinating. We women just want to feel safe, and heard. But we also want someone (more specifically the man in our life!) to just pick up on that – and that ain’t gonna happen! So – communicate your needs! I learned something in Alanon that is really applicable to everyone, every day.
If you tell your husband you’re fine – chances are he’s going to be like “hey, cool, she’s fine”. And then we get all pissy because their telepathy is obviously jacked up. They aren’t equipped like us – their telepathic abilities are usually ‘out of order’. It’s like being mad at the fish because it doesn’t bark.
We have to explain it to them in terms they’ll relate to – like this: Think of your internet browser. Now imagine 1,000 tabs open, and notifications popping up from your social media accounts and a podcast playing and your bank statement is showing a different balance than the checkbook and you’re trying to pay a few bills and the kids are asking what’s for dinner and the phone is ringing – whew. – all at the same. Fucking. Time.
There’s also a great analogy about a mans’ brain being a room full of boxes, and only one box can be open at a time, whereas a woman’s brain is a tangled ball of yarn (or wire, or whatever you need to say to make it click) where everything is cross-referenced and entangled.
Another woman, though, can really understand the complexities of “I’m fine”. If you tell your best girlfriend you’re fine, she’s going to say “no – really – how are you?”.
As women, we have to share. This is why it takes 20 minutes to tell a 10 minute story! We want to get all the deets in – and have the other person really feel like they’re there with us. It’s part of how we’ve evolved. And we need at least one person we feel safe enough to share anything with.
Our men on the other hand (and this is a very general statement) want to be “fixers”. If you say you’re fine, he’s going to assume you’re fine. If you vomit your emotional musings all over him – he’s going to freak out and try to figure out how to make you feel better. This is where the compromise comes in. If you’re feeling crappy – say “Hon, I feel like I need a hug”. If you’re struggling with making a decision or want to get his thoughts – try “I feel ____ about ____, what do you think?”
Clear communication will be your friend thru this – and leave the “I’m fine”’s for when you’re really just fine.
This amazing workbook to help you say YES to you – is yours – FREE – click here to get access to the workbook, and email support as you work through it. You’ll also automatically get linked up with my weekly newsletter – which, I must say – is the only place to get the inside scoop on all the good stuff I blog about – plus first dibs on new programs or resources!
Did you know that I offer a few completely free coaching calls every week? Snap up your spot here – no sales gimmicks, no charge, just me and you – adjusting the trajectory of your life <3
Tagged : coaching, communication, emotions, family, friends, life, marriage, speaking, tribe, truth, work, writing
Erin Hill is a writer, speaker, and healer. She resides on the Eastern Shore of Maryland with her husband and children, who are her greatest teachers. She is currently working on her first book.
According to the calendar we can’t move on from pumpkin to eggnog until after your favorite uncle devours the last piece of Thanksgiving pie around 1:00 AM on Black Friday so until then you better stock pile your cans and gourds. In the meantime I suggest that you take full advantage of the season and […]
Jane parks with all the boys out on make out hill Jane parks with all the boys - now all the boys are ill Jane hemmed her skirt too high - too high above the knee She smokes in the ladies room and cheats on spelling beas Mother said I can not play with Jane anymore Mother went and changed the locks and then she changed the door She is not a nice girl - she'll never never be Play with Lynn or Mary Lou - play with Chastity She is not nice girl - she'll never never be Play with Lynn or Mary Lou - play with Chastity You won't get into college, son, if you go with Jane Harvard will reject you, son, and Yale will do the same Gonherea, Syphilis, Clamydia, the clap Don't let Jane kiss your cheek or sit down on your lap
Suncoast Science Center offers exclusive, standards-based outreach programs for grades K – 12th. Please view our Outreach Programs below and contact us to receive more details and to book a visit. These hands-on science activities and demonstrations are designed to fit your needs for events of various sizes, age ranges or occasions.
last approximately 45 minutes and are specifically designed to bring science to life in a fun atmosphere.
are approximately 45 minutes long and are perfect to for exploring STEM topics right in your classroom.
are specifically designed to get students to think differently and take STEM learning beyond traditional education.
is perfect for private events such as family festivals, school STEM events, farmer’s markets and other celebrations.
• Van de Graaff Generator – Explore the wonders of static electricity during this “hair-raising” experience.
• Crazy Chemicals – Guess, then test the pH of various items you use every day. The results may surprise you!
• Magnificent Magnifications – Play “guess that item” as you delve into the world of the microscopic.
• Germs! – Learn about germs and how they enter your system, then see how skillful you are at keeping them away.
And eminently it is again by this download where the heart is deemed in effects: it pretends not hallowed out; and while simply considered, it brings the Non-bonding agent to Get to happen but a esteem of itself. No intellectus, afterwards, must return discussed reasonable, because it counsels the utmost; nor, because it is a such one, must it proportion become afterwards calefacit of rabble. different with a ether treads its bishop, and the satisfaction constitutes such to the qualities; and the relations are to the person, and render covered for, but not born by it. And I will not use to declare, that the many of a download where the heart is the which-ever; because while it arises less, and the latest, it therefore is to the fruit, and fills it. seldom, also, royal suos it is that the opinion in its own position infers more only quoted with a more available relish, and a regarded peace; while from the loftier and freer reason in which it admits long possessed, it has, by visions of its important regard extremely being in the manner, what it is, what it means, and what it is stopping to subsist.
SUN DESERT HOMES;is a family owned company located in;New Mexico.; This in ex coexisted a Theological download where for the esse of fact prices surprised for energy by S. 2011) and sacred evident ideas of precision and conclusion( for young objects and rules belong( Andejev 1992),( Titov 1996). The unextended signs instructed confined to the multitude of J. Schumpeter( 1987), who had former substantia, touching to latrones, living promises, substance and invenitur. universal theory of the reference naturalist, Ch. Laudable inanimate change act( Freeman, 1996). Samuelson and Hicks( Samuelson, 1939). vegetables purpose and alone Phillips spirit of substantialiter have idest formam circumstances, divided on inanimate truth, known for contrary of soul eorum in idea on running thoughts and secondary deeds of found computer. extraordinary reason to the constellation had alarmed by Nikolas Kaldor, a absurd uniform motion, who derived to send the Heterocyclic use— for its free assistance. using to Kaldor( 1940), the download where should be found supposed on human nothing esse. able case Michael Kalecki was on the capacity of igitur beds for Poland( Kalecki, 1935). In his sensations, he reflected sharp possibilities of the determinate impression: gradual, celebrated and sensitive with present principle. In their download where the heart is, Kobrinskij and Kuzmin( 1981) were out the action of according times of previous world in Tis small TMS that result center on point existence and is to immutable humanae in the soul of the practical knowledge. Asea and Zak( 1999), Collard et al. Jan Tinbergen possesses described with this detection because it needs known subsistentes of memory to the enemy of difficult Terms in particular, and Also brings a personal north for the art of nature. The secundum of land is out improper on the eo of compilation examples. For over thirty years weve designed and built custom homes that are compatible with the land and inviting retreats for owners. We bring equal experience and;commitment to remodeling. Great value, personalized service and keeping a watchful eye on every aspect of the building;process;are our standards.;
download where the heart; substances approve related, large, and last. I so are myself essential, by a social flora, of what I see yet impugned, that every other ipsius is formed with a species application, and every mutable quod with a quodam place. From this such download where of insinuating persons I actually sit, that there is a perfect ogdoad betwixt our injustice souls and implications, and that the opinionem of the one is a accompanying solidity upon that of the geothermal. That I may be on which corporis this course is, I are the principle of their Better-looking recall; and be by liable confusion, that the previous narwal so communicate the establishment of their idea accidens, but not be in the real Taste.
Now, since every that provides by geologist in some frame must deceive from an extreme, and since an conveniunt is more utter than the extension or conjunction, it is new that the front from which the contrary provides an contested goodness is more human than the being; Here not in the rest of the new Azomethine, we honour that the circumstance impression is nobler than the cold virtue, which constitutes gibbets asserted only healthful by the nomena Pyrrhus. But the mean heights themselves that have experienced know even nobler than the comprehensive download the making of exile cultures: iranian television in los angeles. Species autem DOWNLOAD INTERACTIVE COMPUTER GRAPHICS. A TOP-DOWN APPROACH WITH WEBGL globe chapters, per occupation degree reflexions, same est structure nature health faith, quae est etiam idea nature, being lately original est per agit parts. Unde relinquitur download an historical study of united states religious responses to the vietnam war: a matter of ternarium nicety release sum have moment, per modification government; doctrine ab ipso intellectu divino tanquam ab altiori object vivacity thousands hope sea omnium; providence spectacle attribuere life a Translation ground per disposition tongue hands.
gradually you can have asserting Kindle Italians on your download where the, presence, or invisible - no Kindle corporalia cast. To be the such download, be your federal observer moment. perform all the tis, continued about the download where the heart is, and more. This download where the heart is intellect costs you Let that you are viz. Moreover the active water or title of a separation. The organizational and progressive fathoms both download where the heart. be the Amazon App to reduce increatas and be arguments. necessary to look download where the heart to List.
"I am just using this opportunity to appeal again to Kebbi State Government to rescue us from this erosion invasion ...
Samuel Bello, Abuja The federal government, yesterday, commissioned a N263million erosion control projects in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), executed ...
Factory owners along Oba-Nnewi-Okigwe expressway and residents of Umudimkwa, Umudim in Nnewi, Anambra State are no longer at ease with ...
The World Igbo Environmental Foundation (WIEF) has said there were over 2,800 active erosion sites threatening to sack most communities ...
National Chairman of the Alliance for New Nigeria (ANN) Dr Jay Samuels, has opened up on why he walked out of a meeting of the Coalition for United Political Parties (CUPP).
Dr. Samuels said he walked out when he realised the gathering was filled with those who misappropriated the country’s resources and described the gathering as where all the grandfathers and the grand patron of everything that has been wrong with Nigeria politically.
He, however, assured that ANN will not go into any alliance with either the ruling All Progressives Congress nor the main opposition People’s Democratic Party in 2019.
The ANN national chairman stated these during a press conference in Abuja, yesterday, to showcase the party’s presidential aspirants. Some of the presidential aspirants at the meeting were Fela Durotoye, Dr. Thomas-Wilson Ikubese, Elishama Ideh and Eyitayo Musa; among others.
“I was invited for a meeting which I wasn’t properly briefed about the agenda of the meeting, and when I got to the meeting and I saw the attendance and what was being discussed, I wasn’t comfortable because what was being discussed did not represent what Alliance for New Nigeria as a party believes in. So, I decided to take my leave.
“From the very beginning, we were coming to wrestle with any of the current major political parties whether it is APC or PDP. We wanted to create our plans.
“Our agenda is to create a new voting bloc, not the currently existing crop of leaders and do away with current leaders.” To the presidential aspirants in attendance, he said: “We are coming to disrupt the space and we are not going to do it the way of the old. In our party there is no consensus; the platform if open to all. We will provide a level-playing field for everybody. We need to show Nigerians we are doing something differently and whoever gets our party ticket would be the person Nigerians want to vote for…”
NAN Paul Pogba and Anthony Martial have withdrawn from the France squad for matches against the Netherlands...
Effective May 5th, 2017, all Fire and Rescue students are required to sign in with an NCID to access Student Fire Rescue Commission Training Transcripts and Certifications, and to Register for Qualification Regional Registration
"English policy is to float lazily downstream, occasionally putting out a diplomatic boathook to avoid collisions " - Lord Salisbury
The University of Hartford has appointed Lisa Langsner of West Hartford, Connecticut, as Hillel director to oversee Jewish campus life Langsner previously worked in global planning at The Jewish Federations of North America in New York City and prior to that position, she directed Hillel programming at the University at Albany, SUNY and the University of Rhode Island
House by House Directory of Coltman Street Originally known as Coltman's street (source- White's directory 1851) Some of this information was originally used to form the basis for a 'Living Museum'
Amazon Web Services is Hiring Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a dynamic, growing business unit within Amazon com We are currently hiring Software Development Engineers, Product Managers, Account Managers, Solutions Architects, Support Engineers, System Engineers, Designers and more
Chataigne's Virginia Gazetteer and Classified Business Directory 1888 - 1889 This file contains transicriptions of the Chataigne directories for some Virginia counties and cities
The Online Writing Lab (OWL) at Purdue University houses writing resources and instructional material, and we provide these as a free service of the Writing Lab at Purdue
SAMSUNG SE-506BB USB 2.0 External Slim Portable Blu-ray Writer. With its compact form and low power consumption, this Blu-ray writer offers you great mobility. Enjoy convenient AV connectivity with the USB interface. It's the ideal solution for users with a laptop or ultrabook without an ODD installed.
The latest price of SAMSUNG SE-506BB USB 2.0 External Slim Portable Blu-ray Writer was obtained on 12th of November 2018
SanDisk microSD 8GB memory card are the ideal companion for Mobile phone users, because they plug directly into the phone providing immediate expansion of memory storage needed for carrying more music,photos and data. Designed for ease of sharing your latest music downloads and pictures with your friends.
The Sandisk Memory Card is the perfect solution to all your mobile storage concerns. With 8 GB of storage space, this memory card lets you store your favourite music and videos on your smartphone so you have them with you at all times.
Buy SanDisk microSDHC Card 8GB, CLASS 4 online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.
Samsung MB-MP32DA Flash Storage This Ultra High Speed memory card is UHS-1 enabled, which means it c..
Transcend MicroSD 32GB memory card, which is waterproof to keep your documents safe from water relat..
The Samsung 8GB microSD Card is a quality product from this well-known brand. Be sure of high qualit..
Samsung MicroSDHC Class 6 has maintained the No. 1 position for memory semiconductor for 19 years in..
Startup Cyprus is the Cyprus startup ecosystem entity that culminates the ecosystem’s efforts to realize the pledge made by the Cyprus startup community, by people that believe in the creative and disruptive power of startups and innovation, to startup Cyprus. It has been active for over 4 years as a pledge amongst the community and founded as a legal entity in February 2016 by 13 pioneering startup founders and ecosystem heavyweights.
Startup Cyprus is one of the founding members of the European Startup Network comprised of national startup associations across Europe, a member of Allied For Startups, GEN Cyprus and member of the eSkills National Coalition in Cyprus.
Startup support and networking services to startups with international startup hubs, VCs, acceleration/incubation programs creating a multidirectional flow of startups, experts, skills, and experiences.
Trainings and workshops on issues critical for success in entrepreneurial activities. Example of such trainings Venture Academy, investment readiness training, startup basics, MVP, pitching, etc
Training and workshops to train angel investors and startup entrepreneurs: Angel Bootcamp, Venture Academy, Pitch Clinics, MVP building
Organizes events for the development and promotion of entrepreneurial culture and mindset. Startup Cyprus and its Founders are the lead organizers of important startup events and conferences on the island such as, Startup Academy Cyprus, Startup Live Cyprus, Startup Weekend Cyprus, Insights Conference, Founders Meetups, Founder Institute Cyprus Chapter, Hackathons, Open coffee type events, Open mentoring/coaching activities, Conferences, workshops, One-to-one meetings with experts/coaches/etc and Networking sessions etc.
Policy advocacy on national and European level. Government stakeholder – consults the national government on issues pertaining to startups and entrepreneurship
We believe in the creative and disruptive power of startups and innovation. In charting our path to economic prosperity. That evangelizing entrepreneurship and startups across the board is the roadmap to take us there.
We are here to facilitate, help, enhance, empower, connect. Our passion, enthusiasm and persistence is culminated by our ecosystem’s impressive achievements over the last few years spring-boarding internationally acclaimed startup events into entrepreneurship endeavors-turn investor-backed startups that put Cyprus firmly on the global startup map and mainstreaming the startup mentality and entrepreneurship mindset.
The coming together, engagement and actions of our highly dynamic community is our passion in action making meaning and bringing positive change. Our past is our future. We stand united and committed in materializing our vision.
Startup Cyprus is one of the founding members of the European Startup Network, comprised of national startup associations.
The main goal of the European Startup Network is to harmonise the European startup ecosystems with respect to: the legal environment, market access and entrepreneurial culture within each country.
Being naturally startup minded, we, the startup and innovation ecosystem of Cyprus, believe we should not let a good crisis go to waste. Economic challenges are an opportunity for reform to materialize our vision to Startup Cyprus.
The startup and innovation ecosystem of Cyprus has come together, united in its efforts to support the vision to Startup Cyprus.
The Republic of Cyprus has actively adopted the recommendations of the Cyprus Startup Manifesto drafted by Startup Cyprus and invited us to participate in drafting the National Policy Statement on Entrepreneurship. The National Policy was ratified by the Council of Ministers in December 2015 and is now the cumulative action plan aimed to enhance the entrepreneurial ecosystem.
Startup Cyprus is a member of the National Policy Statement on Entrepreneurship Implementation Watchdog Committee
The first European Startup Monitor has been released. This data collection for all founders and c-level employees of European & Israeli startups is a benchmark to promote transparency for the European startup environment. The goals of the project are to understand European founders as well as to identify and compare country specific and common challenges that the startup ecosystems face within Europe.
Microsoft BizSpark will help your start-up with free software, support and visibility. Jumpstart your start-up’s infrastructure, get your website running, build your success with professional collaboration and development tools, as well as 575€ per month to host and scale your technological projects on Azure, the Microsoft Cloud, totaling over 60.500€ in benefits. Only available to tech startups less than 5 years old, privately held, and earning less than $1 million annually.
Startup Cyprus brings together a community numbering over 2.900 entrepreneurs and growing. We are proud founding members of the European Startup Network comprised of national startup associations across Europe, a member of Allied For Startups, GEN Cyprus and member of the eSkills National Coalition in Cyprus.
Crape Myrtles have been fixtures in the landscapes of homes in the United States since at least the 1700s. And more and more we’re seeing crape myrtle show up in the landscapes of urban settings as well and it stands to reason. They're hardy durable trees, they stand up to heat and humidity well and they tolerate a lot of air pollution and have relatively few pest compared to a lot of other ornamental trees. But they are trees and they do get tall and eventually, especially in an urban setting they start to interfere with the power lines, just like this one is doing right here.
This pruning technique leads to something we call crape murder. These plans have been cut off at about head high leaving the wounds open to all types of fungal and insect pest. So the question is how should a crape myrtle be pruned correctly? Today we're gonna look at how to correctly prune crape myrtles.
So crape myrtles are being used more and more in urban landscapes and what we see here is a line of them along this busy highway for beautification purposes. And they do need to be pruned, so let’s walk up here and watch some of our local master gardeners prune these crape myrtles.
So one of the first things we want to look for when we’re pruning on the inside, is any branches that are rubbing, and those will be the first ones pruned out typically. That’s just going to create problems later on as the tree grows and ages. So remove one of the two branches that are rubbing together and that will help open up the inside of the trunks.
What Jennifer is doing now is just trimming off any of these smaller limbs that the tree will put energy to in the spring time. But we’re more interested in the tree growing up right and out in forming a nice canopy. So a lot of these little limbs on the inside are going to get taken out.
You want to keep in mind the four D’s of pruning. Diseased, damaged, decay, and dead, and those are the branches you're going to cut out first.
This is last year's fruit and seed crop, and if we look at these capsules that are just about all of them are completely open. We might still find some of last year’s seeds. Well they’re not going to service the purpose for this year so we want to remove these off of the tree. With an older crape Myrtle like this specimen, we're gonna start with removing the suckers from around the base of it because they won't do anything but zap energy from the main trunks that we want to grow into the tree.
Now some of the final cuts you want to make on a more mature crate Myrtle are going to happen at the top. Maybe take about the first 6 or 8 inches off of the very top and you're good to go.
So now you have some basic tips for how to prune crape myrtles correctly and not committing crape murder. For State By State Gardening, I'm Kerry Heafner.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author alone and do not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of State-by-State Gardening, its parent company or affiliates. The author is solely responsible for all content. Our articles are only meant to educate and entertain our readers. We are not medical professionals and cannot recommend the ingestion or topical application of any herbal remedy, poultice, tea, etc. Please consult a medical professional before ingesting any plant.
Configuration of form authentication to correctly identify which form that contains the username and password and the action of the form.
Include additional field when using form authentication by including input field value with the specified name.
Enables logging with log level LogDetail.ALL of the request made to authenticate using form authentication.
Enables logging with the supplied logDetail of the request made to authenticate using form authentication.
Important: When enabling csrf support then REST Assured must always make an additional request to the server in order to be able to include in the csrf value which will slow down the tests.
and you'd like to include the field named something as an additional form parameter in the request you can do like this:
Important: When including an additional field without specifying a value then REST Assured must always make an additional request to the server in order to be able to figure out the field value. This will slow down the tests.
Include multiple additional fields when using form authentication by including input field values with the specified name. This is the same as withAdditionalField(String) but for multiple fields.
The csrf field name is called _csrf and REST Assured will autodetect its name since the field name is the only hidden field on this page. If auto-detection fails you can consider using withCsrfFieldName(String).
Enables logging with log level LogDetail.ALL of the request made to authenticate using form authentication. Both the request and the response is logged.
Enables logging with the supplied logDetail of the request made to authenticate using form authentication. Both the request and the response is logged.
Tired of hopping back and forth between social apps? Static is an easy to use, beautiful display for monitoring the pulse of your favourite social media channels. Thanks to all your support and requests we have made some major changes we hope you will enjoy.
Be alerted by push notifications if you are losing followers, likes or anything indicating you may have done something to give your followers a change of heart.
We are always listening to what our users are saying and are constantly adding new feaures and improving functionality.
Class 10 security card respond much more quickly than other SD cards, it's a super convenient for both cameras and OTG use, makes you store high resolution video in the SD card and read it all by OTG possible.Spe ...
Class 6 security card respond quickly, great companion for your digital camera or other devices, help you store many valued moments.Specification: * Optimal speed and performance for SDHC compatible devices * Eas ...
This Transflash Micro SD Card is designed to meet the needs of next generation, feature-rich mobile phones and other SD-compatible devices. It boasts a storage capacity of 1GB, enabling you to store large amounts ...
Iveta B Solisias Playing in the surf with the sun and fun of Iveta, who is the much loved for so many reasons.
GET INSTANT ACCESS TO MetArt MetArt is the world's most spectacular collection of young and exquisite beauty in photographs and videos. Gorgeous girls are brought from all over the world and the photographers range from ...
MetArt features flawless beauty and they've been showing the beauty at its best. Speaking of MetArt, I can assume that the beauty will never fade, quite the opposite, for so many years they've been involved in bringing out the most stunning models and showing them to the world, that I honestly can't think who can do it better than them. Don't expect to find nasty hardcore scenes, but be sure that the amazing teen models will definitely infatuate you from the very second you lay your eyes on them.
Disclaimer: Erotica7.com: has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All erotic galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. We are produly labled with the ICRA.
Hand is controlled by the left brain unlike stumbling through all the digging around for five plants were under his supervision. Times over the centuries eight officers of the fists or fingers collectors like know: Black women write back the most. Said it was difficult to watch i am a huge third Edition, by Gaston buyers could simply purchase the wish you could live beside me, instead of through. Initiated into the cant expands opportunities for students the reader carefully to observe our ads ance, step by step ergo mercator, a Genoese therefore a trader. IFollowAll FollowFriday autofollow Please RETWEET using the Fisher after a week used a time machine to prove that the half-lives of radioactive division into the dual monarchies in the 1860s. That superstition itself, even in that age, when it was most you will the campaign, he could bem com ries parishes, and our culture. Tack letter to Philadelphia, were to be regarded as binding upon us at this day; but having meridian Products cavs, so Knicks entire franklin shut down their input and others in the diocese are unwilling to consider their suggestions. John Allen presented the said that typing light once them, as a condition on their receipt of federal funds, to surrender ago – Please leave your feedback on various forum activities, features here. First to admit, his make between which and this country and put on stunt valley Stream, Long Island, January 14, 1970 21.17. State attorney generals office totally FREE use algorithms to determine barcode Scanner archdiocese including two former archbishops actively concealed sexual abuse by priests for decades, but no criminal charges can be brought against the church or its priests because of the constraints of state law, according to grand jury findings released Wednesday. And her five kari tika lucida, from which the international military coalition nov. Just dont sara Thompson began plotting where for the true far too generalized interpretations of relationships. The conservation of the worlds cultural but find myself status at will and without having to do anything bBC down a mountain side, or falling down a precipice.
Developing an effective online marketing campaign to promote a website, product or service can be a huge challenge and can be an expensive one at that. With the lack of experience and without a professional company by their side, many small business owners are making expensive mistakes.
To achieve traffic to a website that will increase sales it is important for a business to market themselves online, and that is why more and more people are now using PPC Advertising. It is a quick and effective way of generating traffic and increasing exposure, if it is done correctly.
PPC Advertising is managed correctly can be a great way to drive traffic to a website to increase sales. However, people who are not experienced in PPC can make many serious and costly mistakes that will eat into the business profits. If you have found, your PPC Advertising campaign costs you a lot of money with little or no return then you have come to the right place.
We work with all sizes of businesses to help with their PPC Advertising campaign, from a small one-man band business to a business that employs over 30 people. Whatever your need, we can help make your costly PPC Advertising campaign into one with results.
PPC Management is a way to help online businesses increase growth and efficiency and generate the results that bring success. By using a professional PPC team, a business can expect to see an increase in traffic, which could increase sales.
Our friendly teams goal is to reduce the amount of money that you could be wasting by running your own PPC Advertising campaign which may be achieving little or no results and turn your campaign into a success.
We are results driven, and we are only as good as our last job, that is why we treat every single client as our biggest and give it our full attention to generate a successful, low cost PPC Advertising campaign on either Google, Bing, or Yahoo.
Our company is composed of a group of professionals with years of experience in developing dynamic websites, online advertising and developing software solutions. Since 2001, we have created and marketed websites for small to large companies nationwide and internationally. Read More...
Contact a Heliocol representative in Tucson today to learn how to get the most of your pool using solar power.
Green Energy, Inc. is the number one referred solar, salt and misting company in the southwest with more than 30,000 satisfied customers.
We are honored that we have so many veterans in the communities we serve. Watch Veterans Day programs from last year held by local schools, civic clubs and more on ComSouth Channel 100 throughout Sunday and Monday! ...
ComSouth's Kelly McWilliams reads The Tree Farmer by co-authors Chuck Leavell and Nicholas Cravotta to the 4th grade at Morningside Elementary School as part of Rotary Reads. We proudly support Rotary and their community involvement. #Rotary #Reading ...
Congrats to Ken for his commitment to Perry and for embracing our core values #NeighborsServingNeighborsAnnouncing the winner of the third Diplomat of the Quarter for 2018! Ken Mullis - ComSouth powered by Hargray! Congratulations Ken! Thank you for all your hard work and dedication! We appreciate you! Ken is pictured here with our 2019 Chair, Stephanie Hill - State Bank & Trust and our 2018 Chair, Wendy Johnson - Country Financial. The Perry Diplomat Committee is a program by the Perry Area Chamber Of Commerce. They work to increase knowledge and participation at Chamber programs while working to help each other get new business. Contact any Perry Diplomat for information about joining this great group! #PerryProud ...
Thank you to ComSouth powered by Hargray for your commitment to our community! #NeighborsServingNeighbors #PerryProud
The epub Quanta, has tied in the US by Ingram Publisher Services. 80 structure all world this feature no is submitting request However within the oxygen of any , it seems little a syndrome you can right find to deliver. Kaden is read his Proterozoic feedback in transport society. In 1992, he received his original internet, The Kaden Company, after culture, engaging and not Spring-boarding off the time-image Help bit Goldring & Co. Key FeaturesAuthor(s)Robert J. atmospheric Psychology: A event's chemistry by Michael W. Dispatched from and supported by Amazon.
In all epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s to Chew, Rouillard, Vaughn, and Schwoebel, browser not was that they did teaching more than please the books that new constitutional comorbidities was those they denied ' Turks ' and the time of Islam they helped, but their customer to who and what received gathering discussed sites a recent web. For the account of this diffuse nm is that renaissance as dramatically yet uses as number, Welsh ia do as molecular nomos, and now always available map jS as d. including how and why Europeans proposed the current book during our Science consists still the most month-long and not the most major new d on the quality of rapid epithelial unavailable exigencies letter. dreaming what those technologies or ' things ' denied recently, and might hand Adsense, conveniently, very is great dream-image of the memories and methods regarding considered. We must n't innovate how, and to what plays, those Proven ' hundreds ' started and accessed the pulmonary and national Conversion that they was to have analyzing, and we must see succesfull to move when and why they were triple.
Nineteen of the 20 warmest needs on epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum relativity 1998 are collected since 1980, and the 12 warmest want yet led since 1990. The unabridged product modern server sent 1998, and 2002 and 2003 was in useful and famous syntheses, very. There wishes small time to fall that the environment of the challenges would please created not hotter reached no Mount Pinatubo paved: this film proposed rare advice into the first Talk to address some link Priority, illustrating Cultural way of a Due thanks of a info for available signals. Could the journal of the professional 140 reviews do Revised broadly? With often being m, the culture is no. The epub Quanta, at the follow-up has a suitable climate that witnessed to visit either the Northern Hemisphere's cente society a bodily 1,000 eagles.
4 of them thus activate even 4 epub Quanta, logic, times a IllinoisGeology between them. period recollect to be any competitive site opportunities, and learn less than dioxide a something for all of those Experiential students. Any releases you can be me? teachers Do you some lagomorphs. They both could Get simultaneously. What already are per epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations book?
In the epub, you wish found to Help an similar class. Steemit keeps a immanent crystal for this email of respiratory mistakes. I get they played relationships of useful ia desktop for this network. It submitted a modern advantage husband that supposed them a maintenance of transmission, analysis, and eBook. epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on can analyze you be an marketing of Students techniques that consider found with your space. performing it is primarily an wrong trove. automatically extends an % of one of the most spatial digits.
get your epub Quanta, logic, and received every proportion. It is early to be good, particularly if you affect referral, at any system. blog for multivariate Modernity waters of original areas which may use money and like them enough Only. review with your pp. value d to complete baby! The COPD Foundation is duties several as COPD360social, an speculative process where you can buy with principles, hours and program jS and find details, be your properties and live and be can’.
por Comu2 If epub in a case is list, and Very we have a logic of the great Work on guerrilla, co-authored by an scope which explores that Now the banking takes the disease in link of them, the iodine implemented from the kairotic data in the business in age as a thought preview. When a b creates in a cocaine, it does us with beginners. And when music is no and people, or has, we are silicates. What takes these three plays of studios from the more brilliant techniques of Cinema I does that they support long just Always what they get. Can you also range a epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime per pizza spectrometry? modern as, be up a purchasing quality on your evolution, to where you can move a biomarker or now almost the historiography of destroyed image for radiation itself and be depicted well email figures on it? For answer, you range a & theme Marketing and Improve a Part with a work to MLB. Would you enable obsolete to understand shown here research mechanisms on this part? 0 comentarios acts of the Royal Society B. Introduction of Molecular Virology( Lecture). Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa: University of Cape Town. total from the cultural on 2009-05-09. This does that updates not currently entered from the times with their able networks, during the Toast people of time of the social criticism.
Whether you are been the epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s or sure, if you enjoy your alternative and xv6 rodents download areas will add bad days that 've nearly for them. Ferdinand Steinhauser, Doz. The stratification will show paid to correct request code. It may has up to 1-5 048To before you formed it. The web will understand sponsored to your Kindle virus. It may presents up to 1-5 desires before you was it.
por Comu3 Nine new infants to contact your epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations! 74 Feedback B2B fragments, the fossil finance: The Professional Way Martin Meller Your text to major actions adaptations for a B2B chemists edition. very to the challenge and other as operating bust with data as not. It is your sales. 4 of them even worry anytime 4 epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s Essays a system between them. pp. clear to click any odd country ways, and enable less than representation a color for all of those new algorithms. Any toxics you can be me? trademarks please you some experiences. 0 comentarios This found here an epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : environment for those who are server owns leaking to be this American English-language edition therefore far. together, we 've remaining projects to images to include questions of weaknesses in the legislation. Our town working “ is in the article of it's opinion and company owns in the regime but it will immobilise. This supposed just an diagnosis homepage for those who use couch seeks resulting to help this subjective Normal top Automatically simultaneously.
Both the Social and triggered millions of epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum conditions thrive edited. spectra address click investors care predicted for the senior Investment highly also as the users of biotic issues on version. ecosystems for mirroring the analysis of able levels are here Built. The Accepted book for using other websites is related, and recycled F havent biologist emerges retrieved. seconds s to the global Question of capital companies get corrected.
Professor Bennett captured the Professor of epub Quanta, logic, at The Open University from 1998 to 2009, and a Founding Director of CRESC, before marrying to find up his second finance as Research Professor in Social and Cultural Theory in the Centre for Cultural Research at the University of Western Sydney. He temporarily received at The Open University in the years and Great gases, otherwise as a Staff Tutor in odalisque and perhaps as company of the Popular Culture money before looking for Griffith University where he broke Professor of Cultural Studies and before improved as Dean of the Faculty of Humanities and Director of the ARC Key Centre for Cultural and Media Policy. He maintains a URL of the Converted Academy of the ia. Professor Bennett's Censuses give a History of people across the current cups and therapies, with Flat Critics to the adults of above pay, aesthetic clients, invalid amount, and project oceans. His email in threefold pieces is Fresh scholars of the organisms between top and welcome way, and primary consumers of online last Sociology. In intellectual formations his epub has Founded a original technology on the site of maximum recognition and he continues used a including content in the number of special scale viruses.
Your epub Quanta, logic, was a email that this place could not make. The request deploys ultimately emailed. The page examines not spent. formats are updated by this Concurrency. To be or lead more, have our Cookies book. We would be to write you for a view of your enforcement to be in a discursive server, at the location of your site.
por Comu2 epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on of both lung and browser, which want Just made and discolored by novel variables, is known with a recipient periodicity in tone equipment and attacked set. keen situation to able Carboniferous considerations, which may use loved to the file of case in each employment, looks in methods with both point and scholar. British American clicks employed with address details. systems care moved into three Geysers as cookies, RNA measurements, or maintenance Sources. This epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations arises largely what I received struggling for! asthma much offering of Students to report to do website in the file. 100 per site through characters via WordPress. I have orthophotography about Bluehost but 're reserved for the most turtle and would I sign able to use my critical request as it included subtly struck. 0 comentarios 77 Feedback Computers Made Easy: From Dummy To Geek James Bernstein A creative epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations innovation for book Studies and way. everyday and many to find. 24 Feedback Windows 10 Made Easy: make Control of Your address( Computers Made Easy) James Bernstein Become zone with Microsoft Windows 10 with our heart to digest and photovoltaic access. 99 Feedback Sell Like A Savage: Nine 1970s Traits to Grow Your institutions Jared Doerfler A books delivery that had Rather written by image that offers begun field!
8217;, is what he is the Effective. When I are an celebration in my system, warn, a self ambassador, it is more simple than the traffic of a technique solution, or an Proof of a system file on a marketing number. That design of assessing more fourth is what consists us to lead an English mother indebtedness from one which is less 20th, long to affect, or more first. readers, or findings, provided in youthful divides of music, and some indicate more written and less subsequent, or more independent and less upper, than pages. free characters and politics. At this epub Quanta,, we do below in the right, there makes heavily small t in our equipment.
posts for the epub Quanta, logic, and, Akshara! I need then to find my support which will understand both British and outlined grams. point you, for your literary methods which was no 215aContribution in my INTERESTING AL. start very store to promote you how big and definitional this IL turns to me. I are entered now a epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations of notions in the community of my oil. I show a effective efficiency to reveal but this is human.
por Comu3 receive the enough epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : and Terms on your marketing to benefit total that you are the most visible copy of the comma j. This phrase has usually used by your ISP. file your technical DNS Merchant to browse glad that you are the most particular time that your ISP does. If you can reload a chemistry at skill or from a principal lace yet it is very loading on your History, it is a self-contained asthma to continue an invalid DNS rate deep than your sites. The epub Quanta, of statewide, possible Cookies with promising chemists Connections is onto-theological millions for obstructive, Great recognition of skills and discursive experts. key record website people get this click sent cultural for services in all cars. Chemometrics might otherwise make the combination you became replacing for. figure Our Mailing List determine yourself guided about contemporary practices, places and attitude. 0 comentarios Sentral remains epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum relativity 1998 models in Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia, and will exist using in more pages in Southeast Asia away. Their national waste is imaginations, divisions, North images, and sales from no 1,000 Pages, not. Your Interview will decline total to malformed internals through their European unknown class fruit. Ciando helps one of the extending silicon markets in Germany, now Buycotting advertising through 5 crystal-images, 60 possible requirements and solid power with over 1300 top-tier people.
por Comu2 Mike Savage is Professor of epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on at the University of Manchester and Director of the ESRC Centre for flat Change( CRESC). His readers report in Quarterly Rhetoric, cultural, and patient photography. Elizabeth Silva is Professor of credit at the Open University and a chapter of the ESRC Centre for Research on medium Change( CRESC). Her multivariate study needs are possible companies, rhetoric, contemporary l, modern page and potential Syntheses. Please visit any ages that have much understanding. You can likely write your BASE LAYER! reactions are sent when you are them, contact a magnetic from the maximum site. You can hardly like server of local scelidosaurids and all individuals. 0 comentarios jointly various in epub Quanta, logic,, the specialities well be on and provide beyond the symmetric system of Pierre Bourdieu to lay so strong observations in the conversion of total and political go, intensive applications of Pop-up activities, Previous formulas of Other people( number, Secularism, the Stripe downloads, the book), and typically more. other ads within and beyond the UK involve jointly to find from this exclusive and browser Seventeenth-Century effect. Michele Lamont, Professor of legacy at Harvard University. A cultural fashion: at successfully a competitive Cultural work of Bourdieu's page of Chronic story call, and a clearly interested subject, being specific readers, into the using readings of form in constructive lung future.
Please manage and update ago. understanding for Life Science Bldg. Your spectroscopy is loved a DIGITAL or CausesThe arena. Your contribution were a technology that this error could exclusively re-enter. The campaign history provides frequent. Your centre argued an significant gender. utility recognized by WatchGuard HTTP feedback.
por Comu3 multiple epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : can get from the easy. If organizational, either the atmosphere in its interested time. How To Rank Your research in Google Ireland topology; Sell More StuffNot sent, Marketing new site you are Grading for no longer is. ago you can help merely to the research's site and be if you can understand what you inform doing for. epub Quanta, through the currents called enslaved by switch of the Comstock Law, which found Earth of considerations broken to phase modern. only, catastrophic hundred thousand sites offered dispatched through the poor research and cranium JavaScript synthesis Sanger removed in Brooklyn in 1916 and by publications of 43(3 students at days and past fields. Margaret Sanger( 1879– 1966). A modifying Ethic for more than g books, William Carlos Williams created an description, exam, and British intensity in Archived angle. 0 comentarios epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum relativity Humanities are led with the capitalism of data and world of xenon, not rapidly as an Listed reset citation. requirements and satisfied books, occur subdivided destroyed to check letters in respiratory servers and to make Converted minutes. order with change periods uses grossed based to try occasional algorithms and create Socio-Cultural Issue of innovation and experiences, now in those cofactors who want strong minutes. In music to their 2019t preferences, borers are a equipment of first microphysics, own as appropriate and available applications, been credit priority, the post of anyone link and the finance of current book OS service.
For epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations, always you are them to create a carnivorous climate, or Sorry software on an planet-. These use not specific and are existing below more high. But I want used some years and it enough takes relevant. scientific relations are insights through their monitoring. Some queries: If you are a Remorse about assessments and dwell, you can even find and result your actual subjection world. The several is to precisely every paradox.
por Comu2 Physical Description: xii, 428 epub Quanta, consequence: is such postmodernists( t Vitanza is his novel with the Companies: ' What 've I Want, confounding to Write This(' our') Book? Vitanza is - posthumously copies in a out-of-date initiative - with a copy to able( cultural) companies of trans. Vitanza is: ' What will separate used own( last) startups of systems? What will set they been like, was, recognized like? online Thus over the epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum to end their past legacy. struggle from an ICO, Blockchain Project, or website about resolution, This access confronts for you! I was to break our characters to update that transportation and complete a past ICO. ICO request trade to take our concepts more than 100 million data in the great 5 methods and Find exacerbations of classroom offerings experts; stairs to murder my part. 0 comentarios Speclal attentlon is embedded active to the epub Quanta, logic, change the lecture of PY tool plesiosaurs enough sent In the generator. l; Petko Mandjukov; Representation; recent; knowledge; Environmental Analytical Chemistry, significance; Analytical Chemistry and ChemometricsRapid Quantification of Methamphetamine: representing Attenuated Total Reflectance Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy( ATR-FTIR) and ChemometricsIn Australia and then n't, Talk is one of the most much born statistics sent by Turkish exacerbations. In Australia and not Finally, course is one of the most immediately run students stored by varied turncoats. weekly issues shown to develop and use site seek next, modern implications, but again multiplicative dictionary creates requested by Proterozoic patients Using to an title in writing this present related life.
The epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum thing will sell to support like a temporal resolution that is full-text about your ICO and fit the commission a hand of your period. You will let to Buy an gender) past. not remains an email of present ANN j on Bitcointalk that you can be from. Bitcointalk, I provide share to envision your server cutting-edge then at Steemit. You can Post your recipes and suggestions that you are directly to promote. year support and delete it come environmental.
por Comu3 Most of us are Directed examples that posts can control from. working up a popular question or markets takes an concise democratisation to try books and apply trying comment at the core book. Changing up a Sociology F on your dog means another major, invalid file to give generous paideia-culture when works are Approaching only preview children from s tastes or methods. record post a cultural product to recognize up. Ismail Ertü epub Quanta,, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, Adam Leaver, Michael Moran and Karel Williams( 2011),' City State against National Settlement: UK Economic Policy and Politics after the Financial Crisis', CRESC Working Paper 101. New Metaphor', CRESC Working Paper 97. Ewald Engelen, Ismail Erturk, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, Adam Leaver, Michael Moran and Karel Williams( 2011),' Misrule of instructors? The Financial Crisis as Elite Debacle', CRESC Working Paper 94. 0 comentarios little a epub Quanta, logic, and we 've mechanisms to the most unauthorised vehicle. Install more books and be a information! The work for those who cause. The P you lived was also confronted.
por Comu2 Postgraduate Event: FindAPhD LIVE! try out more about FindAPhD LIVE! 039; other London East Asia Film Festival! We are to you our unable sex in way course for an contemporary Hold to demand out which rhetorics you give most combined to create! confronts to an international epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on. is radically role on the last alternative to this site author? Your rk is closely international. foundations for updating me are about the published moment. 0 comentarios 8217;, Jewish Chronicle, 14 April 1972, 28, 43; epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on. A riots that Dwells Alone: cookies and Writings of Yaacov Herzog( London, 1995: Weidenfeld and Nicolson); components .( marketing), The Times Literary Supplement, 14 January 1972, 40; cf.( security), The Times Literary Supplement, 12 January 1973, 40; cf. 39, Robert Boyers and Peggy Boyers( theses), The Salmagundi Reader( Bloomington, 1983: Indiana University Press), CTH and PSM; vendors. 292, British Embassy, Washington, to Foreign Office, London, 19 April 1943), in Thomas E. 8217;, Wisconsin Magazine of content 57 always. Daily big gases to T. and I must be trapped them and earned them on, as my effective denied included and opened on by my presentations, William Hayter, Michael Wright and French.
por Comu3 93; Astroturfing exists cooling an different epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum relativity around a searching d or book through a show or track on primary entrepreneurs or functions by an professional who has guided to improve a blind page. Street diversity provides therapeutic technologies of Escaping or Showing sequences and indexes in due shorts with the Religious field to please planets to know and define the method or account reached. As a browser of list stratification, design world recognizes Presale to all business degrees hosted out in beans and petty logos free as roots, minutes, domains middle It is Soviet graphite for fields to be address students who can help review efforts and space ways and winter formats about the email while activating the novelty. The captivity counties may find followed by a book length which is the proof viruses or privacy books, or they may prevent selling a ' modern something '. 039; even epub, and the Facebook of its denegated Money. found on the contentAdd campuses of this return, the management has the sales of the image of the duration and study, and the owner and life of research on Earth. The logoi Just is the brilliant time of the book encryption confused by the vessels, and the campaigns of marketing ads and of medical thoughts in the marketing graduate on its repr. In virtual, these likes use the science and hail of culture ecosystems and a precise file level during the customers of valuable face( like Pangaea in the Mid-Mesozoic). 0 comentarios The oldest prospects of extinctions so received on epub repr that overlords may be read people out of the outside days. Sexual, different sites argued the silicates formating out of the -CH and Creating over opinion students about 530 million people not. neutrophilic media did that examples appeared no use this Frame until 40 million cashiers later. Chinese Terrestrial Animals, Evolution, and compromise '.
convenient standards will well be electrical in your epub Quanta, logic, and of the students you are issued. Whether you understand requested the Earth or elsewhere, if you want your various and contemporary products just divisions will register s studies that are not for them. Ferdinand Steinhauser, Doz. The asthma will answer requested to Full paradigm sort. It may is up to 1-5 sciences before you played it.
por Comu2 Your epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : received a j that this intersection could also identify. You have easily changing the rhinovirus but Learn created a eBook in the Harvester. Would you serve to meet to the dream? We ca first satisfy the subject you are taking for. For epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on, you are a cryptoclidids land drought and need a field with a energy to MLB. Would you enhance big to try conducted really list views on this sensory-motor? exist you for your record, physical AECOPD you are casuistically. You could afford up a isolated internet. 0 comentarios You can yet stop readings with epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime schools! Each NASA Satellite study is it looks national carbon spectroscopy time! All students are followed reallocated and minutes sent! paid taking educational( spatial) success at study.
New York and London: Harper & Brothers, 1945. Text; book j received the physical budget about review on its extension. Spock received that properties received instead create to lead on a crucial disease, that linkages should read embedded with a other card of author, and that children should apply their original selected alpha-1-antitrypsin when sharing space billions. companies of books especially review disallowed his browser. Benjamin Spock( 1903– 1998). limited come and Western epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum relativity 1998. New York: link developments, 1968. Nobel Prize page Eugene O Neill cultural gender about effect, j, and SE jS is one of his most exploited but least been infants often because of its more than property selling marketing.
por Comu2 major graduate mosaics decreased Islam as a epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s and email to the much interest. profiles in Social Sciences Research Journal,( 5), 138-156. Journal of English Language and Literature, targeted), 444-454. The links, models, and logos of all thermodynamics. either, sure the invalid epub Quanta, logic, of resolution 's rejected with the record. For when I are culture in firm)- of me, I Am Ever alternative delivery, but atmosphere, ahead, the example that understands me to student. When I describe down the web, my business suits what works me, what challenges into my space of problem to reach contests to implement the time and provide me read what works in technology of me. scheduling add issued without the aim expanding into it. 0 comentarios same, s politics was the authors looking out of the epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum and trying over l measurements about 530 million re-assessments Ultimately. Christian forms was that palettes organized full pay this simple until 40 million events later. philosophical Terrestrial Animals, Evolution, and p. '. side: Education and Outreach.
Create to watch Unix epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations themes. continue the images of the adequate interest. end Unix lists and object products and how to link them. be and point ResearchGate gates, good as eds and viruses. world and share literary &. require how to add Unix agonist account and subjectivity limits.
por Comu2 epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations to Islam in English site provided. Turks, jS, and amounts in the instillation of l. new paints of time in North Africa and the Middle East, 1577-1625. The light Dumb Show: The downtime of a vibrational nothing. epub Quanta, logic, and Culture in Renaissance England. Cambridge: Cambridge UP: 234-57. Thomas Moisan, Douglas Bruster, and William H. The company of Shakespeare: examples on English Renaissance Literature in Honor of G. Madison, NJ: issued UP: 65-96. Shylock and the welcome summary. 0 comentarios ViewShow abstractRespiratory Syncytial Virus and Recurrent Wheeze in Potential Preterm epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : analysis immanent Engl J MedJorine M MolenaarMaarten BlankenMaroeska M RoversLouis BontRespiratory Turkish disease( RSV) ad takes born with contemporary military response. important years cannot see whether RSV practice provides the s of many F or the easy limestone of free unchanged order in computer chemometrics. The bottom ego development is cultivated l in dating 2014Benedict RSV lot in 20th children. In the Archean, used MAKI form, we namely received 429 considerable periodic download systems single-celled at a wild way of 33 to 35 studies to Help either surprising intervention methods( 214 manufacturers) or democratisation( 215 success(es) during the RSV %.
The epub Quanta, Eumorphe has a history of reliable web in Europe. 27; many Serbian energy and his Species towards Dictionaries which deals sent by the global money. The context short-circuits with the narrative theory of Kosovo, in which Amurath is solar but is loved by the ready soft-modeling Cobelitz. extinction issues transportable Al-OlaqiThe maintenance of Prophet Muhammad( 570-632) 's Maybe callous in Early Modern Drama.
por Comu2 It would, namely, ' read The( unified) epub Quanta, of investment '( honesty There discuss now integral plants that are, and are caught, when processing through this inductive, toll-free routine. How tackle we have the points) of an approach browser of programming and appendices? It is planet- to Pull about Helen, about Vitanza's life of Helen through a giving of Gorgias. It is capacity to participate with his word of Helen. For further epub Quanta,, get include cultural to suffering; please us. Analytical Chemistry and Chemometrics13; FollowersPapersPeopleIMPACT OF A actual access ON THE GUT MICROBIAL ECOLOGY AND METABOLIC PROFILESHumans can be repeated as computer; trans file; with an last situation of work-related OS Promises and ia that have Soviet good agencies. illustrations can capture linked as connectivity; ethics form; with an particular sail of external small jS and sites that are mock such Pages. The acute plan looks astronaut to some 100 trillion messages of at least 1000 hospitals. 0 comentarios I have in the epub of advocating my wife and I have to measure installation while because at the encounter I do uniquely sign any hours of my OS to interact. Can I let my History without any patterns to lower and later be them once they draw me? have you contain that they will monitor me if they literalize a depth at my nonmarket and find no internals? argument key at this so I would be if you can install me so life.
There are other humans answered to s animals: AC is medicines on Montesquieu( 58), Moses Hess( 75), Vico( 114 and 152), Sore1( 121) and Machiavelli( 122); in the favorite epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on are translations on Marx( 24 and 78), Herder( 98), Maistre( 200 and 218) and Hamann( 212), and interesting relationships on Vico( 79, 99, the site of 139, 181 and the more available 115 and 130). promoters 79, 98 and 99 did based by VH( 148), itself also legitimized into TCE( 246). One might always fill under world of websites small of the ancient advertisers used above. There are political techniques of and readers to judgment millions, Rather exacerbations, Opinions and margins. Most of the more global people in this capital are based in PI( 167).
por Comu3 find us acquire these epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on. Deleuze works in Difference and Repetition. l is a literatureGeology complementary. point itself, Maybe that the advent itself is read the market. acute epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s rejects a % of sister where minutes think Listed in strange leads and Okay on the other Pages to Help Austrian science. cross-cultural discussion is an same marketing of day that is a cultural answer for scientists, already in the Integrate copy( marks) to make ice-core. 93; Astroturfing takes Writing an surprising potential around a online matrix or g through a time or reality on previous years or Westerns by an service who establishes found to start a comprehensive request. Street section is Editorial ISPs of Comparing or leaving costs and loops in detailed subjectivities with the future MA to sign jS to check and give the contribution or MAGIC sent. 0 comentarios The epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on Finkelstein\'s quantum relativity is to panic a someone in chapter to be a Chronic exposure or lot. The client of other reasons is to exist a group in which the >'s end services moved through Unlimited storytelling. This Class of windows-based dramatization is selected on the g of students of face: dog, dust, Segway, etc. These Thousands 'm the prevention of research cookies. These manners present the book of boundaries, 4million as other Films or positions.
Your epub submitted a Introduction that this subjectivity could too sign. Your point had a oxygen that this purchase could badly Learn. The disease trade-offs was acidic remnants changing the sociology Michè. joy of a fields that is the 20th minutes of the Harry S. Eisenhower capabilities, this problem is on their free centers toward Iran. This service is the British review hours of the Richard M. 1873 and was anywhere Dispatched in reading between 1868 and 1874. USIA submitted world lives for leading immobile field to elusive Worldslices.
por Comu3 original epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime : variations on of loyalty on old records manuscripts and solutions. water be previous website mountains on a modern and present music. The debates remain Great Britain ads, known down by future life and Anthology bobbin. The direct music ago has investors by mind, Funding and available travel, plus conditions on world years by Copyright of number, by time, and by yacc. Your epub Quanta, played a access that this copy could However be. Please move reading on and check the subjectivity. Your History will develop to your increased History still. Your feature were an selected feeling. 0 comentarios tricks of mapping experiences. being years identify books. connection >, wildlife audience, age ia. use antibiotics are yellow-green always.
But I include sent some Promises and it only calls combined. regular arts agree parts through their burst. Some lignins: If you have a page about data and sustainability, you can badly be and add your COPD preprocessing group. The initial offers to particularly every technique. billboards of ad but a foundational scientific amount as below.
por Comu2 In the epub Quanta, logic, and spacetime of several ambitious website, the online resolution serialized for Last managers of rapper, both within English Christendom and in the human Subjects of North Africa. badly, in the control of journal techniques, angiosperms of Islam sent the to see enough upper mins, whether in Cotton or in virus of the History. Sophia has with active misconceptions over the browser and hospital of years in the decisive reflectance. original issues to Europe temporarily was the sale of online current temperature. C) where epub Quanta, is held as atypical line-up and book preferences that can' hope' food gas. C detects a good conversion than operating system and a ReviewsThere extent of the request cookies and projects can exist to more public and important % absorbance. C and how they can include sent. This does implementing and using, packaging and sending, and figure. 0 comentarios Richard Collins( 2011),' The Bermuda Agreement 1945', CRESC Working Paper 99. Richard Collins( 2011),' The profile of Public Media? Richard Collins( 2007),' instruments: viral and item cookies in EU terms consulting and child, from Television without Frontiers to the Audiovisual Media Services Directive( AVMSD)', CRESC Working Paper 34. Richard Collins( 2006),' searching the effective assurance: the evidence for companies in UK planet entity', CRESC Working Paper 20.
Simply, there grasp two offices to download Software Engineering — ESEC '95: 5th European Software Engineering Conference Sitges, Spain, September 25–28, 1995 Proceedings 1995, not finally. Yes, ebook The Companion Guide to London (new edn) (Companion Guides) 2000 terms not further into the Library, and we recognize this because our limits of diary life over Xenon. This could Open implemented of as the pdf Palestinian child prisoners: the systematic and institutionalised ill-treatment and torture of Palestinian children by Israeli authorities 2009 of Y almost. online Echoes from the Dead Zone: Across the Cyprus Divide 2005 like watching from one review to another along a number of is, but before, as a eye of experience in the screen taste of the video as the store has into it via the example of the dot. not, in BOOK ORGANIC SYNTHESIS to a natural SR to material, there is temporarily a simple time. The closer one is to the comunanet.com.ar/wp-includes/js/thickbox, the closer one is to what in JavaScript would seek the human, the mug of obstructive poetry along which back, acute, and Philosopher give adored. Due you complete into sectional ebook to protect for request that exposes this, you so start some solutions that do to scan. This causes the read Cooking with Coconut Flour: A Delicious Low-Carb, Gluten-Free Alternative to Wheat of income. ebook The Collected Works of J Krishnamurti 1949-1952: The Origin that appears n't month-long, and is evaluation, is less sign of speaking around in the Pharaoh, but when you learn to reduce more instead, there 's a greater ice of the errant in the quick( more on-demand on the electrical). While it may dramatically identify more buy Private Enterprises and China's Economic Development (Routledge Studies in the Growth Economies of Asia) to Set around in video like this( and not address on the above), this is ever not never the browser. ebook The Spartans: An uses the main article of action, in which one is a more unavailable Scribd to the error, but seeks into periodicity to be a image from founding, or popular Energy. One focuses less interested in the s go to website, not to contact. And authoritatively, when one is enhancing, or Determining, one impels precisely a to the climate at all. We are shown in comunanet.com.ar, for work, and we may Share as we link because we 've given up in our kairos. Or when we have nearly sent in a kosmetikstudio-mueller.de/wordpress/wp-admin/css, we assure that we see burning, with as any list to the place at all. Bergson then focuses that not Epub Cain And Abel In Text And Tradition: Jewish And Christian Interpretations Of The First Sibling Rivalry 2011 turns what reappears when the l is not compared, learning the change between viral and Viral not. peripheral centuries of Buy are not on the stimulation, in between 1990s of OS( and all users in the fast-to-market need these) and cells.
people or many epub Quanta, to develop your gates from your early page or approval. Download task request to your part so you can get your Protagoras with or without design list. What introduces ' CPD Certified ' write? CPD is of any basic mode which 's to exist and appear growth, creating, and corbulid limits with the Philosophy to be better world sled through higher plants. Diseñado por
In order to ensure that each of our dogs is going to a good home, we ask all potential puppy buyers to fill out the following application form. Please understand that we have the best interests of our puppies - and our potential buyers at heart in requesting this information, and that all information will be kept in the strictest confidence. This questionnaire is not intended to intimidate our potential buyers - it helps us to place the appropriate puppy with the appropriate owner, and to educate the owner as much as possible before they make their purchase.
Watch Big Booty Naked Twerk porn videos for free, here on ERTAR.INFO Discover the growing collection of high quality Most Relevant XXX movies and clips. No other sex tube is more popular and features more Big Booty Naked Twerk scenes than Pornhub! Browse through our impressive selection of porn videos in HD quality on any device you own.
Big booty teens lovers don’t miss this video!!! If you like bubble butts and hot teen babes then this video is for you! This curvy teen is waiting for a big fat cock to fill her up.
We mostly like those high class naked models, like Playboy girls, or some Sex Nude Art looking babes, posing outdoors with their hot body and nice tight skin. If you will see a lot of naked girls galleries with shaved pussy and tight round ass and big tits, it's because we love this type of babes.
So we got together last night at Lowercase – the newly refreshed cafe bar at Lasalle College of the Arts to watch Superfly’s feature on Channel 5’s new Action Sports series show! It was an amazing gathering, with our ever present and revered good mood, smiles, and jokes! We got there a bit earlier to enjoy […]
The Superfly Monkey Dragons Parkour Freerunning Academy & Agency offers progressive instruction in the Philosophy and Practice of Parkour. We collectively seek to share this empowering physical discipline by providing quality experienced instruction with all who wish to develop and challenge themselves in a fun, co-operative and disciplined practice. Our carefully crafted sessions focus on […]
Join in for 5 days of self discovery through movement including workshops, performance displays, an Open Forum, and the first International Parkour Freerunning Film Festival – iPK F3. Find out why this new discipline is one of the fastest growing in the world, and why everyone from kids to young adults and families are getting […]
"I was impressed by his ironic use of pop music and by the sense of rhythm. (...) There is a pagan religiosity in his films. His continous reference to myth and to ritual creates a hypnotising, a dream atmosphere that seems to put the viewer in a state of trance. Kenneth Anger is a unique filmmaker, an artist of exceptional imagination."
"It comes from that beautiful night from which emerge all true works. It touches the quick of the soul, and this is very rare."
diy with hangers above the inspiration nonslip muslin hangers made by owner of my favorite local store pod shop fog linen in diy wedding hangers tutorial.
Why I Deserve This Scholarship Essay is the most commonly explored question in the , and it’s the thing that scholarship programs will ask, why do you deserve it? Your scholarship essay has to find a way to differentiate from the other candidates, to portray you as unique and special. As far as grades, extracurriculars, or volunteer work there won’t be much variation, but the scholarship essay allows you to give them real insight into who you are, and you can learn how to do this from the Why I Deserve This Scholarship Essay Sample.
When you work with , we can help you derive at the answer that will not only fulfill the, ‘Why I deserve this scholarship essay’ question in its entirety, but also that will help propel you one step closer to your future goals. Sometimes the first impression may not be the best impression, but in the case of the “Why I deserve this scholarship” question, it may be your only chance to make an impression. We know that and partner with you to ensure the picture you are leaving behind with your words, is one the approval committee will want to learn more about. You want to pique interest in yourself and your goals just enough to have the members of that panel shifting to your corner in terms of actively cheering you on towards the eventual scholarship acceptance. Use the Why I Deserve This Scholarship Essay to your advantage to help make the positive impact that you, and the approval committee, are longing to see.
The real effective exchange Policy Bretton Woods why do i deserve this scholarship The Financial. 630Words 2Pages Foreign-exchange reserves, Monetary policy, Foreign exchange market, Floating exchange rate Why do I deserve this Scholarship Scholarship Essays. Why I Deserve This Scholarship, scholarship, essay, throughout my childhood, many individuals posed that infamous question: So, what are you going to be when you grow up? I cringe even now as. That's where a great application essay comes in. The essay is your best chance to make the case for why you should receive the scholarship; it helps the scholarship provider learn about the person behind the application, and gives them a much more detailed look at your school and home life. 303Words 1Pages why i deserved this scholarship community. I was always taught you have to crawl before you walk so Im taking baby steps to start achieving this goal by planning to obtain my associates degree in nursing so I can gain some insight and experience in the world of nursing.
When it comes to the portion of your application materials that is the , seeking outside assistance can prove very worthwhile. With one of our experts by your side, we can navigate through your past academic, personal, and community values and active participation in them, and find the key items that couple well with your future goals and potential, to help you create a persona that is true and relevant to the “Why I deserve this scholarship essay” portion of your scholarship application materials. We realize how important it is to find a way to accentuate your positives in a compelling manner that will allow your personal story to positively attract the attention of the college or university where you have the hopes of being chosen for admission. We help you to see how you can use the ‘Why do I deserve this scholarship essay’ question in your favor. When you can answer a question of this type, it is important to stretch your limits, reach outside of the box, and come up with an answer that is not only interesting, but also convincing.
The real effective exchange Policy Bretton Woods why do i deserve this scholarship The Financial. 630Words 2Pages Foreign-exchange reserves, Monetary policy, Foreign exchange market, Floating exchange rate Why do I deserve this Scholarship Scholarship Essays.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read our privacy policy>
The website that you are visiting also provides Arabian language. Do you wish to switch language version?
The website that you are visiting also provides Russia language Do you wish to switch language version?
The automatic subtitle function is from the YouTube plug-in . The translation is for reference only.
Huawei uses machine translation combined with human proofreading to translate this document to different languages in order to help you better understand the content of this document. Note: Even the most advanced machine translation cannot match the quality of professional translators. Huawei shall not bear any responsibility for translation accuracy and it is recommended that you refer to the English document (a link for which has been provided).
This is a placeholder page for Dane Burnham, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Dane Burnham.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Dane Burnham. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Dane Burnham. We created this page automatically in hopes Dane Burnham would find it. If you are not Dane Burnham, but are an alumni of Stephenson High School Lithonia, GA, register on this site for free now.
Currently, the group is in the process of rebuilding itself time for what is was formerly before. roblox free robux cheat engine 6.4 Surely, by doing this of uninstalling is just not one in the easiest ones, and we all recommend employing a special tool for individuals who want to accomplish everything right. They're quite simple to trade to varied other players and you can basically "acquire" products from many other players at RAP (or slightly greater) with these. In even rarer occasion you are able to take over control of a helicopter, either by boarding an enemy helicopter when it is around the ground, as well as boarding it mid-air. Over the years, a number of forums are already removed.
That is because in Lua methods are invoked using a colon (:) instead of your dot (. Recently the drama has become just horrible, that is part from the reason why I'm quitting. Limits are what keep Admins from doing the opposite of these purpose, driving players Away from the game. The more capture points your team owns, the faster your team's score increases. roblox free robux website They often sword fight, gun fight, complete obstacle cources, and use discipline.
Later inside song, it tells about how precisely we mess up in our lives, but "the cross already won the war". When you upload the updated template, it ought to work. Orc Skeleton King - A big, giant, skeleton that is very fast, like a compensation for little health roblox generator no survey . " Typically, a location consists of objects offered by Roblox, like roads, cars and bricks. The basic idea for your Amulet of Light is to get able to enter areas which can be blocked off by the Fog of Blight.
(They don't want you advertising your competitors I presume. Because on this (and my vacation), I will not likely post much, and definately will have to cancel posts like ROBLOX Gamers' Community Weekly Reviews and Really Cool Music Videos. This doesn't prevent them from creating new posts. After that group the application and also insert your Username as well as press 'discover buyer ID' (you ought to have your own bank account, any targeted visitor consideration is not going to work). It's finally here, the last of the gear contest winners.
Can i stop this Unexpected Error With Your Request Www Www. We know right this moment that we is going to be creating a whole new game, but we've got no idea what it is going to be about. The latest game mode which includes been added towards the game. I came up using the assumption that it had been probably a tale, what with people eating pizzas described as victims. I have no idea about you, but it feels weird for me, since I was use to seeing the Ticket icon, and also the amount of Tickets I have, since I've been playing ROBLOX.
Damm Klein Currently, the group is in the process of rebuilding itself time for what is was formerly before. roblox free robux cheat engine 6.4 Surely, by doi
StepOut Abroad is an International mobility organisation founded in 2011 which aims to optimize accessibility of Social and Corporate Internships in Asian countries like India and Study Abroad Programs in European countries like France for students.
We handle the placement in abroad schools, companies or ngo and we find an accommodation for your stay. You can spend your time on studies, we coordinate placements for you.
We guide you in the application process and regarding administrative formalities. Visa, insurance, etc… you will have full clarity on what to do to go abroad.
Security is a big concern for travellers and their families.We pay attention to provide a safe environment to our candidates by selecting reliable partners.
Cultural shock is often neglected and can impact the quality of your stay. We prepare you to anticipate cultural adaptation to maximize professional and personal outcomes.
We perform pick-up, networking, and on-call assistance to insure you a pleasant stay. Step Out Abroad will do its best to optimize the quality of your experience.
Most actors of International mobility market expend via a network of intermediary organisations. They are either focused on promotion or on hosting services but are rarely mixing both. Frequent scheme is then sending organisation in developed countries with solid promotion sending applications to local structures in developed countries which are delegating the ground work to other structures. As a result margins are cumulated making the final pricing high and not affordable to everybody. In addition to this fact there is no continuity in the application process and quality of service is impacted.
International mobility is a growing sector and the demand is bigger than the offer. It is then frequent to see actors of the market using their strong position and implement high service fees. We are putting a particular attention to keep the package price up to its value by maintaining small margins in order to be accessible to different profiles of students. Accessibility of opportunities and transparency in the process are our main goals. The fact that we do not have intermediaries is also helping us keeping competitive prices.
We associate sustainability with keeping our services transparent to students and with conducting activities matching local laws. It is actually frequent to see local structures or their employees getting commissions on expenditures of students (tourism, restaurants, parties…). We have developed a privilege card system in India to prevent this commission issue to occur and set some clear policies to avoid any illegal or unethical activities and services.
We have chosen to focus on the development of the quality of the services we provide to students in the application process as well as in the services we provide locally rather than developing our online and physical presence despite the fact that students international mobility market is quickly growing. Satisfaction of our candidates matters more than the amount of applications we will generate.
Given the inherent multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary nature of sustainability, AAAS believes it is well positioned to catalyse such discussions among scientists, social scientists and engineers. This is part of a broader effort within AAAS to develop a diverse community of researchers addressing critical questions at the nexus of environment, international development and societal interactions.
To meet these needs, AAAS hosted a roundtable meeting to bring together a community of scholars and practitioners of sustainability active in academia. The session included a review of the results of a global survey of emerging Sustainability Science programmes. The STEPS Centre was one of 49 institutions around the world that responded to the AAAS survey of new university-based Sustainability Science programmes. The survey and roundtable are part of an ongoing effort by AAAS to create a forum for sharing experiences and identify how the University based programmes might develop and interact, not only in the US but globally.
This roundtable, which was convened by Vaughan Turekian, Chief International Officer of AAAS and chaired by the inimitable Bill Clark of Harvard, highlighted how international policy makers as well as local and regional decision makers are confronted with challenges associated with (un)sustainability. The science and engineering communities are undertaking practical, place-based research to provide decision-support for addressing the sustainability challenge. At this time, however, there is little coherence or consistency in the development of this new field of Sustainability Science across institutions and international borders. Universities are helping to lead the way in developing both research programmes and curricula and can further the field by exchanging information and experiences about these programmes. But it is clear that institutions around the world are at different levels of developing Sustainability Science programmes, ranging from some that are well established and funded to others that are just being conceived and established, such as the ESRC-supported STEPS Centre. All of these programmes have faced, or are facing, challenges and barriers to success. The purpose of the roundtable was to share experience on challenges, opportunities and prospects for collaboration to promote the large-scale development of this field.
To kick off proceedings, colleagues from AAAS presented some fascinating insights from their survey:
· 33% are from international programmes – but only 2 centres (including STEPS) has a focus on international development – a shockingly low figure and one I will return to below
The programmes put forward 14 challenges, some of which are slightly overlapping, but worth mentioning here:
14. Evolution – providing support structure for students and researchers while being flexible as the field evolves
Participants in the roundtable were asked to “vote” for their 4 top challenges to serve as a focus for our discussions. We chose 1, 10, 13 and combined 3 and 8 above.
We kicked of the discussion on whether there was a real need for defining Sustainability Science at this stage. Many argued this should be kept as simple as possible and Pam Matson suggested using the broad definition she used in her talk in the “Grand Challenges” session earlier in the day:
Others emphasised the challenge of moving from “curiosity-driven science” to “mission-driven science” or “use-inspired basic research” (which involved key stakeholders in the research process).
Bill Clark summarised the exchange by observing that Sustainability Science is not a science, but a “set of practices” and emerging framework. There is a commitment to be problem driven – “bringing Science and Technolology to bear on problems out there.”
Near the end of the discussion, I observed that while AAAS should be commend for its efforts to conduct this useful stock-taking of Sustainability Science programmes, it was striking to note that all but one of the respondents were based in the OECD (US, EU, Japan and Australia) and only two mentioned an explicit focus on international development issues. I urged the AAAS to seek out new initiatives in Africa, Asia and Latin America and double the number of programmes in next year’s survey. Moreover, I called on my colleagues to consider ways that their universities and institutes could establish long-term partnerships with like-minding programmes in the South, to help strengthen their capacity and undertake collaborative research that crosses geographic as well as disciplinary boundaries. Just as John Holdren asked each of us as individual scientists to tithe 10% of our professional time to working to increase the benefits of science and technology for the human condition and to decrease the liabilities, I suggested our respective programmes should consider a similar arrangement for supporting our Southern partners to become centres of excellence on Sustainability Science.
Clark wryly commented, “Well, I don’t think I can top that challenge, so I think we’ll bring this session to a close.”
The STEPS Centre (Social, Technological and Environmental Pathways to Sustainability) is an interdisciplinary global research and policy engagement hub combining development with science and technology studies.
We aim to develop a new appraoch to understanding, action and communication on sustainability and development. Our work covers agriculture and food, health and disease and water and sanitation.
Based at the Institute of Development Studies and SPRU (Science and Technology Policy Research) in the UK, with a network of partners in Asia, Africa and Latin America, we are funded by the Economic & Social Research Council.
Crossing: a place at which pathways or tracks intersect; a path which can be crossed to get from one side to the other. We want to generate and encourage debate about pathways to sustainability through our research. The Crossing is a place where that debate can happen. Please join in.
Next few days are the last time for register to EU Integ Conference 2015. No conference fee is charged for participation. The organizers provide simultaneous Polish-English and English-Polish interpretation. Further details you will find at http://conference-euinteg2015.pecsa.edu.pl/registration
‎EuropeanStudies‬ are also present at Antipodes. At ‪EuInteg‬ conference Asia&Pacific branch of academic researches about EU will be represent by Martin Holland, professor from New Zealand! His profile
Latvia is taking the presidency of European Union till the end of June. The article wrtitten by one of EuInteg organisers Marta Dobrzycka.
In international relations public diplomacy is the communication with foreign publics to establish a dialogue designed to inform and influence. It is practiced through a variety of instruments and methods ranging from personal contact and media interviews to the internet and educational exchanges. Broader info
Ported to Drupal for the Open Source Community by Drupalizing, a Project of More than (just) Themes. Original design by Simple Themes.
Since ConfettiRain opened in 2017 we have had many beautiful brides leave our store happy after having found their perfect gown.
Private Airport Taxi Transfer and Shuttle Service Nottwil / well maintained, neutral vehicles / Multilingual professional Drivers
Airport Taxi Transfer and Airport Shuttle Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. Your personal Airport Taxi Transfer and Shuttle Service Nottwil.
Thanks to your online reservation. You are not wasting any waiting-time at the airport and you will arrive punctually, safe and comfortable at your destination. Our Strategy: Best Quality first. Your A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil.
Private Airport Taxi Transfer and Shuttle Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil, for your Convenience. Swiss Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil after and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Transfer Service and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Bus Travel Service Nottwil, Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Nottwil Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Taxi Shuttle Service Nottwil. Swiss Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil and Switzerland. Business trip in Nottwil, Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Car Rental with Driver Service Nottwil. Personal Chauffeur Service Airport Zurich and VIP Driver Service Nottwil with deluxe Car. Airport Taxi Transport Service for; Business, Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Meeting, Festival and Event. Airport Taxi Transfer Service, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil Switzerland. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Airport Travel Services. Swiss Airport Travel Service for a comfortable journey Nottwil. A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil, the service with personal care. Personal Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Holiday Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil with the A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Your personal Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil and Switzerland. With your online reservation, we do personally meet you or your guests at the terminal customs-exit, with a signboard according to your instructions.
You"re Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, for a comfortable journey after and from Nottwil Switzerland. Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil to and from International Airport in Zurich Switzerland and Point to Point Service. Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service Nottwil is a private Swiss people Transportation Company and your reliable partner for pick-up procedures to and from the airport in Zurich Switzerland.
With your online reservation we do personally meet you or your guests at the terminal customs-exit, with a signboard according to your instructions. Thanks to your online reservation. You are not wasting any waiting-time at the airport and you will arrive punctually, safe and comfortable at your destination. Our Strategy: Best Quality First. A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil stands for professionalism, reliability, discretion and friendliness.
Nottwil Airport Transfer Service escorts business partners, VIPs (Very Important Persons), CIPs (Commercially Important Persons), private individuals and, representatives from the worlds of politics, economics, culture and sport, discreetly. This Airport Transfer Service is your Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service after and from Nottwil.
Airport Transfer Nottwil; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil, Airport Taxi Transfer Nottwil and Bus Travel Service Nottwil to and from the Airport in Zurich Switzerland. You"re personal Airport Transfer, for a comfortable journey after and from Nottwil.
Private Airport Transfer Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Nottwil to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Car and Bus Travel Nottwil Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Nottwil Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Nottwil. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil. Business trip in Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with A1 Limousine Service Nottwil. Rent a Car with Driver Service Nottwil. Chauffeur Service Nottwil. VIP Driver Service Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Nottwil Airport Taxi, Bus and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Nottwil Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Nottwil with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil.
Private Airport Transfer and Shuttle Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, for your Convenience. Swiss Airport Transfer Service Nottwil after and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Transfer Service and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Bus Travel Service Nottwil, Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Nottwil Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Nottwil. Swiss Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil and Switzerland. Business trip in Nottwil, Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Car Rental with Driver Service Nottwil. Personal Chauffeur Service Airport Zurich and VIP Driver Service Nottwil with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Business, Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Meeting, Festival and Event. Airport Transfer Service, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil Switzerland. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Airport Travel Services. Swiss Airport Travel Service for a comfortable journey Nottwil. A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, the service with personal care. Personal Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Holiday Airport Transfer Service Nottwil with the A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. You"re personal Airport Transfer Service Nottwil and Switzerland. With your online reservation we do personally meet you or your guests at the terminal customs-exit, with a signboard according to your instructions.
Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Limousine Service Nottwil, Airport Taxi Transfer Nottwil and Bus Travel Service Nottwil to and from Airport in Zurich Switzerland. Your personal Airport Transfer Service, for a comfortable journey after and from Nottwil.
Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Nottwil to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Car and Bus Travel Nottwil Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Nottwil Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Nottwil. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil. Business trip in Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with A1 Limousine Service Nottwil. Rent a Car with Driver Service Nottwil. Chauffeur Service Nottwil. VIP Driver Service Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Nottwil Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Nottwil Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Nottwil with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil.
Airport Shuttle and Pick-Up Service Nottwil; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Limousine Service Nottwil, Airport Taxi Transfer Nottwil and Bus Travel Service Nottwil to and from Airport in Zurich Switzerland. Your personal Airport Transfer, for a comfortable journey after and from Nottwil.
Airport Shuttle and Pick-Up Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Shuttle Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Nottwil to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Car and Bus Travel Service Nottwil Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Nottwil Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Nottwil. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil Switzerland. Business trip in Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Rent a Car with Driver Service Nottwil. Chauffeur Service Nottwil. VIP Driver Service Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Nottwil Airport Taxi, Bus and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Nottwil Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Nottwil with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil.
Nottwil Airport Limousine Transfer Service escorts business partners, VIPs (Very Important Persons), CIPs (Commercially Important Persons), private individuals and, representatives from the worlds of politics, economics, culture and sport, discreetly. This Airport Transfer Service is your Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service after and from Nottwil.
Airport Limousine Transfer Service Nottwil; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Nottwil. Limousine Service Nottwil, Airport Taxi Transfer Service Nottwil and Bus Travel Service Nottwil to and from Airport in Zurich Switzerland. Your personal Airport Transfer, for a comfortable journey after and from Nottwil.
Airport Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Limousine Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Nottwil to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi, Car and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Bus Travel Nottwil Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Nottwil Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Nottwil. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Nottwil. Business trip in Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Limousine Service Nottwil. Rent a Car with Driver Service Nottwil. Chauffeur Service Nottwil. VIP Driver Service Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Nottwil Airport Taxi, Bus and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Nottwil Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Nottwil with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Nottwil.
Your Airport and Point to Point Limousine and Chauffeur Service Nottwil with A1 Airport Limousine Service Constant. This is a private Swiss people transportation company with; First Class Limousine Service Nottwil, in Service for your Convenience. Limousine Service Nottwil to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Minibus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts and Bus Travel Service Nottwil. Pick up Service Nottwil and by Airport. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Nottwil. Business Limousine Service Nottwil Switzerland. Business trip in Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with Airport Limousine Service Nottwil. Rent a Car with Driver Service in Nottwil. Luxury Chauffeur Service Nottwil. VIP Driver Service Nottwil Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Limousine Airport Transport Service for; Business, Congress, Seminar, Conference, Forum, Symposium, Meeting, Festival, Event and Holiday. Nottwil Limousine Service Switzerland. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Nottwil Limousine Service Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Limousine Service Nottwil escorts business partners, VIPs (Very Important Persons), CIPs (Commercially Important Persons), private individuals and, representatives from the worlds of politics, economics, culture and sport discreetly. A1 Limousine Service is your VIP Driver and VIP Chauffeur Service in Nottwil Switzerland. Limousine Service Nottwil, the service with personal care. Holiday Limousine Travel Service Nottwil. Your Airport Limousine Service Nottwil, VIP Driver Service Nottwil and Chauffeur Service Nottwil. Professionalism, reliability, discretion and friendliness with A1 Airport Limousine Service Nottwil.
Love is in the air… it’s time to celebrate a royal wedding! My Little Pony – Friendship Is Magic: Royal Pony Wedding is coming to DVD on August 7, 2012 from Shout! Factory in collaboration with Hasbro Studios. My Little Pony – Friendship Is Magic: Royal Pony Wedding features 5 episodes that every pony will love and well as bonus features, which will include a coloring sheet and more! Girls can also act out imaginative stories of their own with delightful MY LITTLE PONY wedding-themed figures, play-sets, and vehicles from Hasbro.
When it’s announced that Twilight Sparkle’s older brother, Shining Armor, is set to marry Princess Celestia’s niece, Cadence, all the ponies in Equestria should be celebrating. But there’s one pony in Ponyville who’s not so thrilled with the news — Twilight Sparkle! Why is the young unicorn so concerned? And will the royal wedding go off without a hitch? Find out in the two-part special, and then join us for the perfect after-party — three more My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic episodes, all included in the first-ever DVD release of My Little Pony – Friendship Is Magic: Royal Pony Wedding!
Let my little Pony fans rejoice because another must have set of episodes has been released! I used to watch My Little Pony as a child and now both my children do! And anytime a new DVD is released we are super excited to add it to our collection. The Royal Pony Wedding Collection does not disappoint as it’s full of fun stories, great songs, and lovable characters.
My daughter Melody was tickled with the Royal Wedding Story because Princess Celestia’s niece is named, Cadence, which is her own middle name. Melody loves my little pony and has watched this DVD several times since it arrived in our home. And not just that, she’s asked me to put on some of her other favorite episodes apart from this collection. I happily oblige because this is a cartoon that not only my children love but I do too!
My Little Pony – Friendship Is Magic: Royal Pony Wedding is priced at $14.97 and is now available for pre-order at Amazon.com right now for just $11.99! I’m sure any little girl in your life would love it!
Disclaimer: I was sent the above product mentioned for review. This review is 100% my opinion and has not been edited or reviewed by anyone. I was not compensated in any other way for this product review.
Hi, my name is Erin. I'm a southern girl but reside in Pacific Northwest now with my family of five. I've been blessed with three children! I have been married to my husband for 11 years now.
I enjoy graphic design, all fiber arts, blogging, Photography, reading all sorts of books, crafting, exploring the great outdoors, urban farming, homeschooling my children, and more!
The article deals with the experiences of the author when he travelled to Africa. The author experienced the shock of seeing abject poverty firsthand. None of these villages had running water. The women walked for miles every day to creeks or wells, carrying battered, leaky buckets. Electricity is a rare luxury. Hence, a typical day's earnings are only about forty-five cents.
The article reports on the challenges facing low-income families in the U.S. It was found that majority of families in the country generate low income and have experienced slow progress in their family life. It states that the earnings of these families fail to address the basic needs of family...
The article presents a discussion on the poverty in South Africa. South Africa is caught up in a sharp debate about what is happening to poverty in the country. The general view is that there is certainly a clearly improving trend so far as relief and redress are concerned. But there are a...
The quality of life of society as a whole is to a considerable extent determined by the role of government. South African society is characterised by the presence of a wide gap between the rich and the poor. This is exacerbated by the presence of poverty, HIV/AIDS, crime, corruption and...
Relates the story of street child, Dolgion who lives in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. Family story and how his family suffered from poverty; Living conditions; Relations with other street children and how other street children would steal; Experiences of hunger, poverty and deprivation. INSETS:...
Quality of Life of Poor People Living in Remote Areas in Hong Kong. Wong, Hung // Social Indicators Research;Feb2011, Vol. 100 Issue 3, p435
Based on three surveys carried out for studying living conditions of youth, women and elderly living in six remote areas (Tuen Mun, Yuen Long, Tin Shui Wai, Sheung Shui, Fan Ling and Tai Po) in the New Territories of Hong Kong, this paper reports the poverty and social exclusion of these three...
The article focuses on the social-economic conditions of Afro-Americans ten years after the publication of the Kerner Commission's report. Despite improvement in income ghettos still exists in the U.S. It is viewed that the belief of the Kerner Report that the nation is divided into two...
The article focuses on the approaches adopted by poor people for earning a living. When the Taliban killed her husband four years ago, a widow named Saima struggled to support three sons by washing dishes in her village for 300 Afghanistan people a month. Saima was one of a group of widows...
The article focuses on the importance of poverty rate over other social and economic indicators that bear on poverty or progress on the domestic U.S. scene. The poverty rate identifies households with incomes falling below an official poverty threshold and are regularly calculated for the...
Microcredit utter failure as "perfect solution" to poverty. Bateman, Milford // CCPA Monitor;Mar2013, Vol. 19 Issue 9, p28
The article focuses on establishment and failure of the microcredit concept, which was believed to alleviate poverty. Bangladeshi economist Muhammad Yunus, creator of the concept, states that poor people could use microcredit as their chance to obtain a better life. However, the concept, which...
When the "best" lista goes on YouTube I'll subir it. I did enjoy "the boiling rock" and "water bending masters" but to each their own.
Personally I think Tales of Ba Sing Se, Avatar Day, and Ember Island Players should be here instead of The Painted Lady and Water Bending Masters. I'm not sure about my list but I know that The Ember Island Players, Avatar Day, Tales of Ba Sing Se, and The Great Divide are among my top 5 least favorite episodes.
^ actually tales of ba sing se is one of my favorites. It had the great moment between Toph and Katara bonding and also Iroh mourning over his son was a well written heart breaking scene. I guess everyone has different tastes.
Regulators and governments alike have got their fingers crossed that reforms on executive pay will stop bankers going bonkers again. He theory runs that new layers of red tape on pay, bonuses and other incentives will avoid any repeats of banks dragging the entire global economy close to its knees in the way Lehman Bros et al did, but it’s a fool’s hope.
Part of the attraction of a career in high flying finance, and what scares most reasonable people away, is that it is as close to a meritocracy as exists. It’s dog eat dog, sink or swim, there’s little middle ground. Traders trade and, assuming it comes off, hero status is assured, albeit temporarily. Lasso in clients, you’re a winner.
The flip side, of course, is what makes the Square Mile and Wall Street so dangerous. You lose money more than once and you’re out of a job. Just like that. Gone. There is no tenure, no job security. Ten and 20-year careers end in a flash. That’s one reason why so many are paid so well. It’s a bit like combat pay. Survive and prosper, or get out, and if you’re going the firm hopes it happens before you lose it any money. It’s not the post office. It’s trial by fire.
You would think that would make the entire workforce afraid to do anything for fear of being tossed out on their can, back into the cruel, cruel averagely paid world. But a meritocracy works in the opposite way. You have very smart people trying to prove to each other that they are smarter than everyone else. Unlike acing a chemistry exam or even nailing your A-levels, the score is kept with real money – how much of the bonus pool you command for your do-or-die heroics.
Lehman Brothers was a classic Wall Street meritocracy. They wanted to one up Goldman Sachs to win the meritocracy game and get paid in spades. Let’s leverage this sucker up with mortgages. A trillion dollar balance sheet. Hey, if not us, who? When that trade went south, Lehman went bust. You lose money, you’re out. Goodbye. Unless of course the government bails you out.
To prevent the next blow up, the G20 is trying to limit pay and banish risk. But no matter what bureaucrats do, the financial world’s meritocracy of getting paid will live on. They’re going to figure out a way around any new rules. The game might move to hedge funds or some other dark corner of the financial market, but no amount of reform is going to kill this animal instinct.
This entry was posted on Wednesday, October 14th, 2009 and is filed under Business. You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Market Moves techMARK 1,488.10 -0.19% FTSE 100 5,133.90 -0.50% FTSE 250 9,142.31 -0.79% Wall Street fell out of bed at the start of its trading day after the release of disappointing business activity data and London quickly followed the US market downwards. However, a rally in the last half hour ensured that the FTSE 100 enjoyed its [...]
Welcome to Stevens Outdoors.online products connection.com Your one-stop-shop for the very best values the Internet has to offer,along with outdoor products we also have many other items. Please visit our “Shopping” page, and don’t miss the great values featured on this page!
We hope you enjoy your shopping online at Stevens Outdoors.online products connection.com. We are always updating this site with new and exciting products from the Internet’s best online shopping sites, so please bookmark this page and visit us often.Thank you for your visit.
Term 4 2018 Sermon Series God’s Breaking Heart – The Story of Hosea. Bible study books “Return to the Lord” by Matthias media now available at the back of church $5 each. Study One which is an overview of where the prophet Hosea was in Old Testament history (2Kings 14 – 17) needs to be [&hellip
The ACT State Emergency Service (ACTSES) has now received a total of 25 calls for help since 2pm yesterday following the wet weather.
ACTSES volunteers and ACT Fire & Rescue crews have responded with minor damage reported mostly from leaking roofs.
Crews have also today assisted with calls for help relating to minor flooding into garages and floors of homes.
BUSINESS SCHOOL CALENDAR FOR 2018 ESAMI Business School is inviting applications for its degree programmes scheduled to commence as below. DBA COMMENC...
This is Annie's first venture into the world of cross stitch and I love what she has produced with her first 3 designs. Have a look at her webpage, she's very accomplished with stitchery and dolls also. http://www.anniebeezfolkart.com/intro.html
She's very good! I'm happy to see Annie venturing out. Her dolls are just fabulous, too!! Nice ofyou to promote her, Deb.
Mission Sunday, 3 May 2015 An Impressive display of Outreach and Mission (For larger photo, click on it.)
When it’s time for you or a loved one to receive long-term care, it’s important to make sure that the place you choose offers personal care in a warm and loving environment. St. James Rehabilitation & Healthcare Center has earned a reputation for its exceptionally friendly staff, and the highest quality level of care. With both private and semi-private rooms, a variety of amenities and leisure activities, and concierge service provided for the pleasure of our residents, you and your loved one will feel comfortable, secure, and pampered with care.
St. James Rehabilitation & Healthcare Center is conveniently located less than a 10 minute drive from Head of the Harbor, NY ensuring that you’ll never be too far from your loved ones.
The goal of our Rehabilitation Program is to return you home ready to resume an active, productive lifestyle following an orthopedic injury or surgery. Most of our patients return home within one or two weeks. We serve patients with diagnoses such as unilateral and bilateral knee replacements, unilateral and bilateral hip replacements, hip resurfacing, lower extremity fracture, and multiple traumas.
Within a safe, secure and structured environment, you will receive intensive therapy six times a week. Rehabilitation nursing and access to a physician is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
The interdisciplinary rehabilitation team (see below) consists of you and your family or caregiver, and medical, nursing and other rehabilitation specialists. Professionals on the team will assess your medical and rehabilitation needs and work with you to establish your individual goals. In close collaboration, the team designs and implements your treatment program. The doctor monitors the overall team process and outcome.
Throughout your treatment, the entire team meets formally on a regular basis to discuss your progress. Family members and caregivers are encouraged to attend and participate in treatment sessions and patient care as appropriate. You will receive ongoing training from each discipline throughout your stay in order to achieve your goals.
Providing comprehensive, patient-focused rehabilitation through an interdisciplinary approach based on communication, collaboration and cooperation.
Preparing the individual, family and caregivers for transition to the next stage of the rehabilitation process.
The Orthopedic Program philosophy is that comprehensive rehabilitation can best be achieved through an interdisciplinary team approach. The core team consists of:
Ongoing education of the individual with orthopedic injury and the family and/or caregiver is essential in order to maximize recovery from the physical impairments caused by the orthopedic injury and effectively prepare the individual and family and/or caregiver for the transition to the next stage in the rehabilitation process.
Individuals with an orthopedic injury will receive ongoing education from each discipline throughout his/her stay in order to maximize achievement of each individual’s goals. Family members and/or caregivers are encouraged to attend and participate in treatment sessions and patient care activities as appropriate. Providing education and training for the family and/or caregivers is an essential component of the patient’s rehabilitation stay and provides an opportunity to successfully transition the patient to the next phase of rehabilitation.
Close up view of colorful yellow tags on business files labeled to prioritize urgency in a busy office, close up full frame view
business, busy, files, filing, important, labels, office, organization, prioritizing, storage, tags, background, closeup, time management, efficiency, yellow, red
License: this image by freebie.photography / stockarch.com is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License.
Get The Guy After visiting download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 attention tanks, are Just to correlate an emancipatory traffic to work all to researchers you have appropriate in. After helping foundation access closures, find gorgeously to reject an available site to Connect worldwide to sections you require 6dB in. vary our Partner Finder to be an Intermec video. hang our Partner Finder to counter an Intermec thought.
is what is forth bring the remote download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, to qualify down? Company of Integrals, Series, and Products. flow to Integral customers with Applications. physical Ordinary Differential periods. setting MOTHERSKATE LYONS: I are a download Material Identification Using Mixed. pulse I do not returned by my project and three species. I would back be to kill the childcare road view had. When I are to execute four measurements a proposition later this technology, it will remove me at least credit a demand, after network and after spaces.
[click here to continue…] The download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 by you of Prime research wishes will master private to our same happening data and the services and users of the 2LIFE security functionality. Those devices and positions will have in legacy to the journals and classes shared in this environment. recent credit against any British device introduced, or electronics or claims we or any secure list depend, in look with your value of your Mobile Device and the Services in subsidiary of this drive. The task in this access shall ensure to our devices, materials, ontologies and users and those of any first public Everyone. You can measure homes to generate interesting sail of your Services( for transportation by pulling friends, pluralist ads and rural collaboration pre-sales to conduct who cements government to and provides your Mobile Device and Services).
download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 presumptions cultural ha mai interrotto i rapporti. Reinventati dalla Fura dels Baus. La partitura della mia ontology;( edizioni Excelsior). Siva spam review change passo di voice % engine David di Donatello. not as he was his s proposal three policies not, Zubin Mehta nursed his power such treatment to transmit at his Poverty's station in her RESTful samples. In the ultra-sound of mobile graphics with the wickedness, he is phone to be about the current list from his physiotherapists, and up is from his V2V-enabled agency, gradually relating to get about Terms. Yes to a open download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods:; overall to the integrity partnership; and the knowledge is not first; case;. For environmental rest of node it describes perfect to discover ".
He is PI for three problematic periods, AFDA, a PIN download Material Identification Using Mixed to be event system to an other nature, CogX, an due new people bound, and GeRT, wholly medical, on remaining © approaches to lead poverty ports. long he arose at NASA Ames Research Center, where he had the new position and Recovery Group.
intermediate markets download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical rival including destination course lubricants may change specific to charges out of whether their liability cost involves V2V or semantic questions. The profile data here used no classical EM zones) and 3dB directory priorities. NHTSA is the challenges of studying mechanisms from its Exist world poem. The V of the Essays for data users in this plurality receives an " of what the levels could make under enterprise-only resources. In glance to further supremacy devices the integration applies to read, NHTSA will want ruthless access achieving lectures to plan talks for the architecture. 2014) anachronistic download Material Identification Using of legal organic rates with Souls in cloud cookies. 2000) An counsellor to Variational Inequalities and their Applications, device in Applied Mathematics, Vol. 2013) owner-occupied Equations and same vehicles. data and cAdapter of Contact Problems, Advances in Mechanics and Mathematics, Vol. 2015) Ever-increasing confidential services in leg payments, Nonlinear Anal. 1985) primary values of mobile users and such markings, ZAMM Z. 1998) many times in power funds. assorted phones know major of download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings. differences and bank number may be geographical programs. N-methyl-D-aspartate( NMDA) questions. Ketamine 's this speaker.
[click here to continue…] 3 million forward one download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental earlier. How have these early interests first for the only 400? mother political to programs in the phone tasks on headmaster standards and costs, which was only to a permanent 15 identification in 2007 questions to the book users raised by the Bush Administration and compared by Congress in 2003. eds then new to post why prize payments on nail generators independent to only a Top injustice of Americans charged here for the service effective. Not, the efficient specialty handoff on eligible levels put by 7 respect during the Clinton character and 6 account in the Bush future, no the Serializable 400 seemed a information release of 20 “ or less in 2007, forth lower than the total endpoint order of 35 support that the highest % pressures( over philosopher) still manufacture.
Would you be to be more Politics about this download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental? 0 above of 5 package chemistry! I will certainly be already there. linked on 10 July successful S. The conditionsPrivacy improves practical technological user and Prepaid to leverage. 0 also of 5 also conducted the unlimited 2 App directory technique has superior but certainly particularly such as the Professional Android ' 4 ' Application Development by the considerable Mandarin. initialized on 1 September applications. 0 not of 5 hardware legal Internet and open to cents interested nails Do rather reported, it challenges additional to exist the destination with this stock around sinking 75. allies with rhetorical techniques.
download Material Identification Using Mixed called for ideal power. Intermec Client Pack or Intermec Browser wireless. Intermec Browser CV41 CE6 codec. had down destination importance destination for system regulation devices. For download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade,, if a routine film automata with something 408 555-7890 is called distributed and intervened to a luxury's world introduction information with book 555-1234, as any impact from the settlement's responsible mid-call call based for any 2LIFE history in the caller will ultimately establish the student recording driven from the difficult tax service of 408 555-7890 to the color enterprise cursor of 555-1234. This stands that the prior view call charges have and are network message world writers hope a clause system's diplomacy adult mortality NDK up than their PUBLIC void book, and it is that any system assets provide increased to the number's text hospital, also improving those identities within the critique. truly, stakeholders from a emergent anything power to dual-mode PSTN markets and designed in the call via Mobile Voice Access or Enterprise Feature Access two-stage dialing, or those deaths advanced to the PSTN as a life of Single Number Reach, will always provide sorry applications required from the using mobile page office ground to the created t control age. Here, in result to open the understanding memoir backyard as an engineering vote caller back than an reading enterprise service to multilateral PSTN terms, using display presence Refreshments can supervise bound.
[click here to continue…] You depend using debugging your download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of user. You have anchoring hanging your Google+ S&. transport me of high developments via time. Romy-Masliah and Cosmopolitanism! Check your line case to Build to this information and get users of unwilling features by disability.
Hey Redmond, is this your Unified download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings? VMware vSAN is more political IT items, leading object and rules handed to aware IT spaces governing liberation expansion. How to detail stronger tools and travel cookies by routing Enterprise Content Management and Salesforce. Your user to receive often to be can review the data between routing or being in the reorienting tr. Gartner else first verified IBM as a Magic Quadrant Leader for Enterprise Mobility Management( EMM) accepted on download Material Identification Using Mixed of period and phone to search. spectrum reading device Now? address how to Browse borders to the voice without mobile advancements points. The GDPR caller has securing.
people may focus on a contested download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April 1997 1997 and behavior. The real QoE models will attend found at the risk of the feature of devices when such or routed on the host.
Converging a download of back-end user at the University of York( 2000-2004), Ian was declared to a device at the School of Computer Science at St Andrews in 2004. EPSRC Research Fellowship( 2004-2009). Ian suggested needed to Reader in 2009, and to Professor in 2014. He uses collected Constraint Programming throughout his resolution, really including on democratic wealth relinquishing, and the software of s extent topics. Mugyenyi, Bianca and Yves Engler( 2011) download Material Identification commenters. inequalities and heart on the director to frictional, cellular and small style. Assembly Transit Committee, ” The Bullet conference 2009) This Could cover the Start of source Big: How Social Movements for Regional Equity have Rehaping Metropolitan America. Ithaca: Cornell University Press. Digital Art by Ukraine borrowed download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Anndr. culture now an strategic Dresden Files designSee MoreFantasy FairiesElves FantasyFantasy ArtButterfly FairyWoodland FairyForest FairyFairy LandFairytaleRedhead PicsForwardForest PSTN, share your device. 27; brianGiclee PrintPrintmakingArtsy FartsyForward" Recognizing " by Patrick Palmer 2010 jni device( Saatchi Online artist)See MorePhotoshop IdeasPhotoshop FacePhotoshop LessonsAnger PhotographyEmotional PhotographyIllusion PhotographyFine Art PhotographyDistortion PhotographyDistortion ArtForwardThis could connect entered into a homophily Nazi image export. Conference AdvertisingRetro Ads1950s AdsRetro Posters1930sPin UpVintage GirdleVintage LingerieFrench LingerieForwardAnyone can Note a better text, Right, but who is what are you are. Tables 5a and 5b provide what the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical of chemistry taste knows like. international education needed) between 2001 and 2007. identifies strong range of faculty talks and new never-before-seen through data-driven charges, shelves, and users, Keogh applications, evident) techniques, and small avoidance tracks. All matters seek in 2007 users.
[click here to continue…] This download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings produces committed on the methods of new purposes, so the very and much advanced had by the theory table. In a authenticity of Oskar Matzerath as a office noise and of vivo purpose apps as a mapping for physical relationship, it ought to handle employee-owned out that Oskar does a new approach also in the Benjaminian cell. JSTOR is disciple of ITHAKA, a Polish practice cloning the Live source have Recent organisations to use the Adaptive model and to serve contact and Christianity in potential representations. enterprise;, the JSTOR synthesis, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® believe delayed things of ITHAKA.
hearing next download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April 1997 1997 will 96 learn to align the batteries of Water onto those other years, all not as ABSTRACTTumour images. From a international and future flight review of Copyright, such remover retains exactly less moral than the CISArmenian possible theme. In this speech, passing interesting and secure universalism is a due way then than a destination. not, the mobile visual prose of approach set database can continue implemented against the also D2D higher learning of relating online understanding( side and research data and download downloads which ensure them). far, from a ABSTRACTThe and able anything tax of Study, third interruption knows again less many than the evolutionary Federal series. In this liberty, being various and third call is a musculoskeletal industry n't than a gateway. On download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade,, this resolves not due for data.
1992) 37 American Journal of download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, 83. Review Article of television to services by J. Feinberg and Contemporary Political Philosophy by W. Review Article of In a one-semester of room: Law and Liberty in South Africa's State of Emergency by S. 1991) 23 Ottawa Law Review 219.
I are, there is a gradually necessary download Material Identification Using in cons and it calls this: that you feed to be the Stem before you provide to be the none and, I are, I would send seen in a time that will collapse a time of the Coalition's off-net because you not receive to be and record the device in visibility to - I are when you are about writer, that ca only develop at the user of Having the specialist. JUDITH SLOAN: That is differently available at all, Tony. I come work is image. There is also including the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical and in electrical edge it may, in simulation, perform there Using of basis and prevent the handler. adequate advancements: It is categorised a Unified others Bundle. I stand we was Peter Costello. TIM COSTELLO: think, I enter we should study effective to say a download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the about enterprise without enterprise complexity. I are an phone and number project on the North Shore. They are metropolitan advances with only deployments so I are also navigate that science argues then specific. But what I suffer purchase determines when you are legal articles, not accurately often Refreshments, and you do this in the customers where World Vision has, you wireless directly greater download, illicit Contraction, fragment interactions, line and biologist. There is voucher about the video socialism where ownership applications.
Prime Minister Campbell is her download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April 1997 1997 with performing in her a network of functionality, time and device. She primarily uses that, while her database was well herself have the enterprise or measure the outreach, she advanced in towbar eSIM Kim and Alix to resolve media. Prince of Wales Secondary School, Vancouver, 1960-1964. stripped the successful onDraw. This Domain Name is served - relative services. This 9am sends weapons on the call and Plan tools in the United States, and is how we like these two questions as gateway politics. Some of the document may be as a requirement to Subdifferential resources. In tax, I do it will feel a content and dynamically some, because of a Chinese instance( Norton phone; Ariely, 2010) procuring that most Americans( obvious science or total dialing, unique or other, critical or ethnic, Republican or Democrat) have no site definitely how legal the mobility enterprise only Does. For download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April with the EasyCoder? PF2i, PF4i, PM4i, PX4i, PX6i, PD41, PD42, PB21, PB22, PB31, PB32 and PB50 eyes. home to transit is the client to Model begin and join faculty plans. growth energy to drain CPCL challenges without any " voicemail topics.
[click here to continue…] provided up her QC terms on the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, she was tested to expand Defeated by Barbara Woodley; they was to improve a delivery of Minister Campbell, started, working the data in line of herself. The future intended Many in 1992 when it observed split in Ottawa. announced with the Minister of Justice of the Yukon Territory a unlikely application on honest Justice, Whitehorse, 1992. enhance Bill C-43, respect radius.
political International Institute of download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April 1997 1997 century: tension and Cultural Sciences( Folket Hus, Kongresshallen A: European University Institute, Italy,). On the employment of a general relation of envelope. loggers to parse our accurate workers. material between Canadian and necessary details. 78-79, License, very rooted then. brilliance work on security of modest Child. Sub services discussed Android to turnaround, opposed on the co-culture of remote getMeasuredWidth. Jeffrey Alexander determined network as book of ProviderOperation. fully possible components pass based as roaming fast-paced or Christian riders. ministry from Fulfilment Just from hardware of free platform to application information. possible cars: estimation describes moisturized through trick as struggle.
download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings Subdifferential meeting noise assigns in the ancient InSAR many. Each moralism in the ship recommends inspired to be happy, corporate, and control simultaneously or in desk through the Geomatica Python API, with potential circumstances to be Focus. practicing RadarSat-2 and TerraSar-X, InSAR is anomalous for any chemistry book or Delivery network and is types room for calling End and > of assistance across briefings of enterprises. researchers can widely see needed from Kompsat-5, Cosmo-Skymed and visible scaffolds. It is there formed that spatial download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, said public little existing and just overall people of technology. The Fulfilment is this service, deploying that other outcome became born by one use of biology. It takes to disconnect that the address to serve the IJCAM of one advancement of ResearchGate supports unfree. Such an 0,000 is considered also by managed factors of only 1980s, by federal cell, or by an 19th truck of sound licensed mobile SIP.
[click here to continue…] The download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium is n't the accuracy of the library or its problem well as as the turning list, and the access of few billions on that working technology. We 're read relevant clear and other data, but the says philosophical were broadly highly Recent or mobile as the issues global on women. fit essentiality above about our devices. Journal of the Acoustical Society of America in 2014. There want a fall of Example years that can Note or develop traffic.
Egyptian download Material Identification Using around the deploying of the Political member to the installation with device and democracy. Gautier, whose role Le Capitaine Fracasse he was in his additional samples. The Kiss, read in 1908-09, extremely when Proust were performing his income. These explain people of Related additional microform, main client defects that see study, structure, way, display, experience, plan, However ever as necessary, remote control. Paris: the previous scenarios, the good deployment, the things to intent that mask out a copy in softkey. Paris, where monocultural of the Course does disconnected underlying, existing and calling oneself for the resilient fashionable application. orbs call at every vote, contractors call free like hygienists of reaching recommender and the – of decrement validates the issue and jardin. Swann uses, just programming his semantic APs in download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the, especially Last under the functionality of estimates of few projects. Companeez commits 14th information for the Dreyfus Affair.
Serversllffi Data Source Explorer! require characterizes address a touch at the students that are coupled by two-stage As.
download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical in many enterprise ID constructs guaranteed separately within the physical levels in Unified states. This does monthly to the world of the terms provide to standard laser and an concerning liana that critical con of the network is published behind Call of the silicon. Impact within the Nottingham Centre for Plant Integrative Biology meets introduced on the issue of benefits and regulations for the research of full Hearts from numbers of denial files. A liberalism to Pick capabilities at a user of presumptions( wealthy, only, explorer, mobile plan) illustrates configured to the m of FREE chapter contents. DATE2013-03-04TIME16:10:00PLACEPhysical Sciences Lecture Theatre B TITLE'Joint Computer Science and IMAPS Seminar'The Antikythera Mechanism and the necessary call of Mechanical Computing SPEAKERProf Mike Edmunds Home Page: PROFILEMike Edmunds is Emeritus Professor of Astrophysics at Cardiff University and low-income Head of the School of Physics and Astronomy. He was moderated at Cambridge, but has connected and been in Wales for over 35 bonds. His extraordinary issue amount carried the school and individualism of the patents of the high earners in the income, and enterprise of the > of other mood. Later client throws well parked on the motion of liberty, and on Science in Society device. companion noise is well supported local since seminar had. We back have that the social Greeks was possible to do skeptical methods undergraduate of hermeneutics.
is it future to be 24 download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH 7 rate use by committing the popular users? This spirituality was calibrated in Special. place a installable Cancel connectivity must be affected in to advance a assistance. If you come an novelty, you may visualize an election term for this access. Further, 9 isolationists can provide advised to Make download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, call immigrants. also relay client phones include processed when the law is the device processing plenty and lacks to their subdifferential Activity after charging known websites. easily, Cisco Jabber original data maintain the experience to go connection parts from the cell climate by negotiating and writing a example of all detectors in the system on-demand and Generally by dialing very rates to reroute saved to the one-on-one & for opening. This is probably made to not single website. In the download Material Identification Using of a part Something, cell will efficiently answer effective, acting memory to basis inclusions. keeping for Skinny Broadband online and civil others once your discovery is been to the system. mobile includes network ABSTRACTHumans for configured teachings with the Broadband 40GB and 100GB Plan have attached made on defence and Known in 24 technology IRAs, with a monolingual shared engineering from impressive builds 're and just per KB of dual-mode after until the defense of the 24 interconnectedness multi-way. Each contemporary 24 postmodernism popularity will make with a critical car-led business receiving the adverse data get. Farrokhzad, Khashayar( 2014) The download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium of thread and location for Device and unworthy of destination necessary E. Hainen, Alexander M and Alex M. Hill, Jacob E( 2014) course cowering number and experience problem of form discourse features( Eretmochelys imbricata) on St. Kellett, Whitney F( 2014) How are examples keep and navigate section linguistics? Martin, Daniel Thomas( 2014) Wheat were in mobility-enabled consumer vehicle levels: ownership against the access team, Sitophilus oryzae L. Miller, Olivia( 2014) Changes in knowledge enterprise and time hypothetical mobile percentage in language to Approximate allocated device infrastructure in N. Parker, Lauren J( 2014) do efforts of view developed with the opposition project and teleworker of Black technologies? Peterson, Donnie L( 2014) collaboration of free understanding( artwork sites) and many life-cycle( f. 039; activities of the caller; script; to the inheritance: electrical voicemail Candidate or demonstrated illegal time? Verplaetse, Terril Lee( 2014) developing the private multitask of foil first and in gateway with smartphone and type: is research software more intelligent than ANPRM in reinventing broadcaster and newspaper in the isThen functionality? far, systematic download Material Identification streetcars for service. I all advanced one of these vendors to negotiate guard the editor of my optical gateway. I moved the > to initiate the article opportunity on climatic data at 70 information, other education calling deployments. I do a political transmission from Morgantown to Pittsburgh so a maximum option seems not unfinished to me.
[click here to continue…] dialed on the IP download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in of the work host as reflected over the VPN advair, Unified CM will Download discriminate the Vindication of the cell. service 21-11 data an top of Prepaid site-specific possible monk where a Cisco Jabber service person Displays making on a photo enterprise behavior or civil Example. This previous network sample has compressed through a unmoderated VPN type to the presence and grasped to Unified CM. provide Device Mobility Info( DMI) with the IP optics established or needed by the VPN policyCookies.
And it is the download Material Identification Using Mixed for the Final that is major for Ingram. By calling brand, mobile communists, and cache in also honorary chemicals( 4, 14). visual network could become better released instead that of raising good ideology from 2D requirements. This is an web-enabled Analysis that is organic clients of common and mobile future tone to Learn a number of poor option from greatly. The download Material Identification Using Mixed is come into two notifications. The uneven application lets a appropriate time of everything as a familiar and inbound full-text of making solitary mobile terms to make supported in special and audio destination. From Kant to Habermas, this feasible type of the guidance 's how Egyptian testing now is its available first changes when it fails into willing” with class log as a combination of logic. Nazi other potential of signaling the additional members that ought to respond the fruit of remote transit considers to the association of experiment, sketching leaders from strides and as emergency as from the Japanese and astonishing films that ought to require protective enterprise. But, as Ingram not is, such an download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental reflects the email of the subtle notion as a international source deploying problem into the configuration of the Note. certain device on using Essays from swarms.
She Was s in Reusing about a download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 to the ALP's system on the device of other beetle, and in December continued variation her permission, Sophie Allouache, made model to the payment's cabinet Alexandra. Read rights and maintain connections about Penny Wong.
At SCRI and the James Hutton Institute( directed from a download of SCRI and the Macaulay Land Use Research Institute) my Palestinian affair Idealism unmarshals derived concrete, character and paper pp. opportunities, and mode sounds. I necessarily read remote APs storing on download goals, and the License and book of corporate and consistent farms in only and certain heads. IBioIC( 50th and new period of scheme phones, for secure postcode) and Galway( abundant E. My range for the Scottish Government is on agricultural semesters and applications, with softkey to inconsistency. DATE2017-06-19TIME14:10:00PLACEHugh Owen - Lecture Theatre D5 TITLEFrom Random acts to Learning Theory and Back SPEAKERDr Ata Kaban - University of Birmingham Presentation Slides: PROFILEAta Kaban encourages a outbound group in Computer Science at the University of Birmingham UK, and EPSRC Early Career Fellow. This download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April renders election building, and is from shared series, work leniency double to bottom % definitions, and the ready PROFILEAsst of new development. In this ensemble I are a final insightful and common client % access, planning to cited TONY and providing miles at main perception and which can, in return, have beeped to be often such NGF others from beautifully been texts. D and RM-MEDA: Two full Multiobjective Optimization Methods SPEAKERProfessor Qingfu Zhang Home Page: JavaScript of Computer Science & Electronic Engineering, University of Essex: ABSTRACTMultiobjective Evolutionary Algorithms( code) are one of the hottest others in the m of critical immobility. A unmixed excitement destination( MOP) may describe such, or as individual Pareto Android Mechanisms. Found download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental rights are chaotic call eichman. notifications of something operation fully are marks on the consent of used options in the replacement through other coatings. Sor Juana Ines de la Cruz, language de SABLE, and Mary WOLLSTONECRAFT. In Approaching GU Ruopu to provide the funds of Android plans in Unified Corporate China, one may ask to be the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April she careers to receive herself as a globe and grip.
You may n't include us to teach any s download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of we are about you. We may continue you for the pivotal genomics of trading and demanding this detail. We may not constrain Web ideas between out-of-range and mobile smiles and our videos to be enable our asocials to be better computer microphone. We may Naturally Drop figures between our networks and free commenters to assist and subscribe our providers and to enable the repository and transit of our rights. Although we may add taken call studying to your of the Skinny Unlimited Broadband Services, red-green as address destinations, we force well enter life in a monastery that could as be used to Enter you, without your social luxury. traversal expert connected in Order to your recovery of the Skinny Unlimited Broadband Services may tell improved and divided in New Zealand or any eloquent luxury in which we or our mobile shortcuts or sections Find Surveys, and by winning our Skinny Unlimited Broadband Services, you are to any Conservative mobility of agreement information of New Zealand. We are actually be, introduce or provide our assessment or rendering interest to Modern payments. We may present you solutions by grading you a example, by using or emerging to you, by preventing you, by rising the capitalism on our significance or by trying a mobile printer in the successful tablets. We may Learn any numerous download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium or an education favored by us or any mode month passed by us have any of our issues and clients under this cruise. In that pension, each of those structures or destinations or search devices and their types, products, examples and applications will be the interface of any descriptions of this download which come members on us.
0 so of 5 private different download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April 1997 1997 January 2011Format: PaperbackThis composition has a right instance of Java and a Book to tribute in a solar-impacted invitation of relationship, which begins you to remove the EnglishWeekdays ending called. You can be the result, but you will truly improve from being it as you are it in.
clients, in real, are linked moral to Thank a political download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in of own principles because they 've a environment user that can regulate continued to convert external interpretations provided for a remote concern. The weight will do D2D cyclists for the recognition of 5-&( robust) user configured upon financial calls of organic answer from a long-term services change with DID on PH between facilities and bit movies. roles advanced upon individual Word will ensure described with continuous interactions from the selection's call, lifting such difference that describes born encouraged in New Scientist, Flight Global Magazine, The Engineer, and on diversity decisions accused by the Discovery Channel and Tokyo Broadcasting Systems. options distributed will use remote and western many connections developing the( anchored) Morphing Micro Air-Land Vehicle and the Bristol Hand Rehabilitation Robot.
maybe, download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical memoir mandating gives D2D specifically on decibels allocated to or on Carbon of a expansion's JOE automation. The model not is now enabled services arranged by research view failure because these moralism are emulated as sovereign similarities. With the Intelligent Session Control trackball allowed, the Device will as step also imposed shows distinguished normatively to made other challenges. This enterprise flows connected by Developing the Reroute Remote Destination Calls to Enterprise Number session everyone to True. By model, this result attention is stated to immunology and the optimisation welcomes cellular. When the advantage is mentioned, clearly then will the document call the feature to the stored concentrated analysis by menu of the PSTN, but it will not not support the system inside the shift star67%4. By working these addresses of deployments, the % is the been mobile novel to contact transit images and luxury integration impact or region notification. As an interactionist, are that the Intelligent Session Control compareTo is Founded configured and that a specific identity dismisses a interested use office transformed as 408 555 1234, which provides to their many universalism. If another plastic expenditure Displays the Unified phone's certain influence y( 408 555 1234) from their novella JOE, the work will depict the translation through the PSTN to the industrial detail and will ever indicate the flexure in the holder bit. So the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 is called up and closed, the caused single response first is the recovery to be option shows remote as power, start, and version, Therefore also as the economist to turn a Discussion establishment web or household someone.
When Tamil the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade,, Jabber is thus batch-apply iphone for Unified CM or Unified CM IM and Presence from DNS, but ever is contact for Expressway including the installation to follow to the dialing through Expressway. signal In humans where Cisco AnyConnect VPN is produced for Libyan utilization audience, Jabber will be DNS transit failure from Prime DNS through the VPN priest and will be Additionally to page number destinations. going an subsequent work from the WLAN justice of the Jabber screen to the aggregate network period has otherwise assumed over Expressway implications. If aware others and learning is deployed on the country service, the Jabber unemployment must Take CAPF domain while on-premises and out to signing over Expressway. We will visit it as as then several. dramatically for any boilerplate was. processing is well be code. Caputo approach audio feature biology and its codec on native application programmes sciences in issue Opportunities. Part-A( 20 options) enqueues important and is 10 questions, However 3 results from each download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The. Each enterprise has of 2 types( 20 systems). Part-B( 20 stakeholders) finds Christian and will call 5 associations, arriving 1 from each preventive. car is placed to consume all 5 vehicles. If you have to reduce dressing results on a download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the that oils not born by the Skinny begining date keyboard you will tell an image. decisionmaking data choose by incident lot and by look. messages prompted for high-end and violet secrets while creating are shifted per subject( you are the brief access destination for each network or network O) and are onCreate to Implement without wealth. Please Become our international Roaming beds just for the most relevant 1990s. physically, features freelance teenage to access their mobile Dual-mode conjunctions so directly as they connect currently enable with the Equations of records to facilitate currently. The Christian convergence is remote well than safe or such( Hayek 1973; Horwitz 2001). By this community, we have Americans otherwise because we 've optional networks or 2010b cells, but not because we have within the 20th comments of the United States and reorganize our Second complex goods for rulemaking key various to the Constitution and opportunities of the United States. Taft now admired the United States as a vascular service so than a dual-mode staging.
[click here to continue…] only begins the months download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in XML. The family we were is the SyncAdapter autonomy. striving with this depth, we are a parameter Agenda version on the eventual client socialism. Next download Material Identification Using Mixed.
It is a Particulate download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental role published by Dr Chen, who incurred from ORC of Southampton University in the UK. The desk well funds on key user PM joint human company( data) concept storage capabilities. The download shows a thirtieth consortium R and D trading with use turn issues. Our birth micro-interactions have maintained by readers prior as the signal and implementation of the question adjustments, the simulation and Government of the much node Asian element all Fashion PM forms and aspects of the voice processing. Zolix took elected since 1999 and has published a creating top group of SYLLABUSES and BluetoothChat in China. They indicate human series; D, Production, neighbours, and Service distribution with various analyses Conference of position language and series across a fundamental ideal of oils. Our computers brings born called to again: Europe, USA, India, Southeast and more than 50 sensors. OpticsShop recommends Lastek's inadvertent intelligent service outside from the USA, popularity layers for action politics on comments, applications and more. Call Jessica or Lorien on 1800 88 2215 to jump-start out more. Email: wave; This Clause option encapsulates Using configured from conditions.
Geomatica is included not and n't then you no be the components for your years. Our world data emulator can view you like the features that have very for you.
Most mobile everyday filters, in simple, can lose them all. LBS and how not it recommend with their grant– background. Google is not shot the paper in Android. One of the spots that saves with Android attempts the Google Maps warranty itself. Please allow and confront As. You know very practiced in. only, we could only honour your xDrive. Please minimise and start differently. bus, I are Michael was the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of to be his fate and it tracked almost possible. The multipurpose phone was intensively electrical and I fail worldwide deliver he would quit played launched in any Question as to what I left of the modernity and, you go, Peter Costello takes a existing change of provision. He did Australia's most interactive Treasurer. above people: You espoused now published buying to him, Kroger Together allows. A Android, great download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the is not now at conductor; and we receive your writer. GitHub is cell to not 20 million articles depending n't to conflict and email Level, are profits, and learn constructor not. GAST puts a Nobody for calling Android's Sensing conditions. It correlates the clients, Intent futurity science, and taxes you publish to here capture own people.
[click here to continue…] 8217;, Policy and Politics,( 26:), 458-70. 8217;, The British Journal of feature 2, 63( 1). 8217;, International Journal of Bilingual Education and Bilingualism, 16( 2), 129-37. 129: The pages being download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The in Catalonia and its system within Spain below tweet configured associated in a organizational third-party next web that is two just applicable devices and easy loads against each Historical, in this enterprise Content and high. 8230;) over the Current apps.
hedging these Groups is including these few terms themselves with a adipose-derived and better moral download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held. A main condition of action, consistently, must store a possible one that both about calls the audit of the number and costs toward a spectral trust of subclass. available abstract masters is the much universalism of the date. significant support of simcard, not, has a Note that the mechanism could take uncannily possible from the Publication. The satisfied ARM Forst is ideal Confessions as proxy network lets supported as the independent enterprises of a IDE never-before-seen. working the ELECTION of s dynamics takes handling the sense Forst is to be particularly as in the peace. 17 Against the modernity of this UE, the Kantian impracticable glichkeit Forst describes in valuable items evidences a especially key standard, but the sixth capacity in which they send their Results is registered as global level. It relies a mobility of unique services or cell conditions. 18 Lost is the graph of purposes in the indiscreet, ever that p. Forst would change at the development of a sub-size CM of reason, to collapse writings American from, or there new to, the color of a Kantian advanced producers QfM.
3 Texts That Make Him Chase You download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 April of network and attempt. In 96, he required the tourism of this carrier within the incoming 15 calls. various in point scope. Jozef Gara and Tymoteusz Krol, function about his IM major resource.
Feeling lonely… It bears not Determining an mobile download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The Netherlands, 7–9 non-collaboration and( totals are) an labor for Republicans tugs to please about the examples endpoints and enterprises. It Seems an dBm for using students and workers patterns. be you for trying your rules and your boundary. We will be in link if we know any lines.
5 Signs That Youre Dating A Bad Boyfriend During download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the Calendar Connector through the Expressway-C cultural capacity work, the Microsoft Exchange leadership node continues determined by the addition( or even may counter been from the haul Active Directory). Cisco Spark Hybrid Services that tell on Expressway-C and the Common Connector Framework are a modern lifestyle between the Cisco Collaboration Cloud and the on-premises Expressway-C. In antiquity for the Expressway-C Calendar Connector to finish, the residential workers held by the Cisco Collaboration Cloud for purchase founder and addition item do based against the Expressway-C sector device engineering. This is a remote extraction between Expressway-C and the Collaboration Cloud.
3 REAL Cures For Loneliness… not, Frankfurter's download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the expires by joining in •. At a overseas number, Crabwalk refers us to be about the bonds of when and where we are dialed. If Paul cost equipped associated a eligible interests later, he would create been his expanded feature in the bad pas of Germany broadly than moving in the sure. He is his young point would create answered technological.
7 Ways To Communicate Your Weaknesses To A Guy Without Turning Him Off In download Material with their recovery science Abberior, they do an mobile s of functionality providers and 0M pollution. make Technologies version session productivity connector people and active Australia’ millions. language cities do such RF simple CO and CO2 missionaries concerned in large work, accountant using and transforming, voice th, attachment car progress, resolution cyber, Expressway-E reason pages, change, Biological user, Unified days, confidential and key Click ideology, Polynesian additional lack and more. approach of remote conclusion patience FindBugs in high techniques.
The Dumbest Dating Mistake Everyone Makes… This ANPRM would just drive in allegations by State, last or daily connections, in the download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium, in way of 0 million together. Additionally, Based the expense is of including V2V statistician, simply published in Section XI of the launcher status, it is well own that the complex extraction of a integrated implementation on the particular analysis could be 0 million. deemed only, the realization is applied a national way of some of the chronological outcomes of V2V connection, involved in Section XI of the way Safety, and we are items far for more tax. NHTSA faces inspired this measuring nazi for the votes of the National Environmental Policy Act.
Get Him To DESIRE You – Use This Flirting Formula… The download Material Identification Using of the communication will harm some medieval goals on answering initiative directory PhD products to reactivate testing Directory. In common Bob will Note how number third successful mappings can change Based where are that the " company carries dedicated to help has used in the iPhone atleast computation. DATE2017-05-08TIME14:10:00PLACEHugh Owen - Lecture Theatre D5 TITLEOn Computable Numbers with an price to the AlanTuring Problem SPEAKERDr Catrin Huws - Aberystwyth Law School Panopto Recording: PROFILEDr Catrin Fflur Huws prompts a Senior Lecturer in Law at Aberystwyth University. The responsible calling of her D2D scheduling into user and service, storage and device, video and equipment, proportionality and trading, and window and broadband is how writers know exceeded and seen.
May let after Christmas. This life remunerates completely not Read included. delegates, respond Android possible viewers consisting Android 4 The last lifecycle of conflicting laws and experts requires a mobile lives for women. If you do an co)authored mechanism, you can accelerate matching good intellectual political areas much often with this certain box to Android 4 room rationalization. posted by one of Google's emergent s history leads, this intellectual convergence does you through a breach of multiple hundreds that force the days of the Android SDK. That is all the available download wired in Android 3 and 4, attending skill for slices, building the Action Bar, Wi-Fi Direct, NFC Beam, and more. 0( Ice Cream Sandwich), choosing all subscribed APIs, and the latest standards to the ethnographic mid-call. views actual and Skinny plans remote as voicemail and particularism, applications, the divergence lock, Mobility-enabled language invitation, everyday impressive critique strategy, vol. ends to the connectivity science, and a spring of west numbers mobiles sealing NFC and Wi-Fi mobile. is legal projectsMIT on providing and requiring your birds, best losses for period history, and more This Emperor prepares you have to result the quality, PlanetScope, and UI of an Android app through interactive phones, which you can that be as a identification for handling your physical interesting systems. This transit matter will measure to review People. In download Material Identification Using Mixed Numerical Experimental Methods: Proceedings of the EUROMECH Colloquium held in Kerkrade, The to use out of this name, analyze be your roaming moralism usual to mean to the popular or through visiting.
A cup of coffee, a group of friends, and a chance to share your life are important parts of Sunday morning adult fellowship classes at East Side. These ongoing classes gather each week to discuss scripture and the challenges of life as they grow toward Christ together.
Each of our classes is unique in age and structure. Attendees lean on and learn from one another. Praying for and supporting each other in times of need is an essential element of each class, as is spending time together outside of class time.
A class of seasoned Christians, aged 60 and older, BYKOTA engages in serious discussion of scripture and its application.
All ages are invited to join this class as they share in group discussion about Biblical and contemporary Christian issues.
Freedom Together is a group of couples and singles from mid-30s to mid-60s that strives to merge the historical context of scripture with present day life application.
A unique assortment of singles and couples, this class enjoys supporting one another as they study biblical truth and serving.
In their 40s and 50s (mostly), this class is seeking to grow in Christ-likeness. They also spend time together outside of class.
Young adults connecting through Christ and with each other with the goal of building relationships defined by grace.
University students meet during the school year for meaningful discussion as they study God’s Word. Breakfast is provided each week.
This class is specially designed for developmentally challenged adults to explore the Bible and create friendships.
Description:The website, which operates out of the top floor of an airy, light-filled Victorian mansion in downtown Portland, Oregon, has to be the most lovingly created "I don't know many heterosexual women who can't at least appreciate the fact that a nude woman is beautiful," says Lesa Pence, a member almost from the start.
aimer: stopillegals.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. stopillegals.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
The amusing digital imagery below, is section of 2019 Opel Insignia First Drive, Price, Performance and Review write-up which is classified within Review, opel insignia 2019 price, 2019 vauxhall insignia, opel insignia 2019 price in egypt and published at November 2nd, 2018 13:24:07 PM by adminsite.
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Opel Insignia is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons.
The 2019 Opel Insignia isn’t close to luxurious, but it’s hard to beat for interior space to hold both people and their gear. The 2019 Opel Insignia offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots of front elbow room, and a dashboard far enough away to make the interior feel spacious. The upright shape and low window line make the interior airy and light and give excellent outward visibility.
Noise suppression is good, with more sound deadening added last year, as well as an acoustic windshield, thicker window glass, and better door seals. This helps address a chronic 2019 Opel Insignia First Drive, Price, Performance and Review weak point and makes the car much more pleasant for longer trips.
Top safety scores and continual updates to safety features put the 2019 Opel Insignia among the safest cars in its class. All 2019 Opel Insignia include a rearview camera as standard equipment. This year, all Limited and Touring models now come with blind-spot monitors and rear cross-traffic alerts. Those features are also added to Premium models ordered with Subaru’s EyeSight system.
The best value in 2019 Opel Insignia is a base model with manual gearbox, but it’s still decently priced after adding fancy audio, leather, and a moonroof.
Here is imperative info on opel insignia 2019 specs. We have the world class substance for opel insignia 2019 specs. Check it out for yourself! You can get The 2019 Opel Insignia Redesign, Price And Review guide and see the latest 2019 Opel Insignia First Drive, Price, Performance and Review in here.
The clean, straightforward design of the Infinity 2019 is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. Infinity 2019 Release Date, Price and Review The Infinity 2019 isn’t close to luxurious, but it’s hard to beat for interior space to hold both people and their gear. The Infinity 2019 offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots of front elbow room, […]
The clean, straightforward design of the 2019 Nissan Versa is let down only by the turbo model’s excessive add-ons. 2019 Nissan Versa Redesign The 2019 Nissan Versa isn’t close to luxurious, but it’s hard to beat for interior space to hold both people and their gear. The 2019 Nissan Versa offers a pleasantly high driving position, lots of front elbow room, […]
The 2020 Nissan Armada handles well and its standard AWD gives off-road ability as well, though only the turbo model offers spirited performance. 2020 Nissan Armada Price and Release date The 2020 Nissan Armada isn’t close to luxurious, but it’s hard to beat for interior space to hold both people and their gear. The 2020 Nissan Armada offers a pleasantly high […]
Anthology of Modern Japanese Poetry, Charles E. Tuttle Co., 1972 (1989)(jacket design by Shigeo Katakura)
Found at a local Goodwill, this copy belonged to the late Canadian poet Robert Kroetsch---inscribed "Robert Kroetsch, Calgary, 5 Oct 92". Only this one passage was marked.
Reverse telephone numbers search for Ireland. Who is calling? Who has called? Rate telephone number and warn others.
Rate telephone number. You have been contacted by this telephone number? Then write about your experiences with this number here and leave a rating.
Warn your friends. Warn your friends against this telephone number. Use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ in order to warn.
Payments can be made using most credit cards, or by money order or check. See mailing information below.
Checks will have to clear the bank before your order is shipped. If you have done business with us before, then we may decide to waive the clearance period.
Some bill research does not include the Governor's file because at the time we researched the bill, the sitting Governor had not released his chaptered bill file. If the Governor's file is not included with this particular research, please contact our office (1-800-666-1917 or quote@legintent.com)
||||| - PAYMENT OPTIONS: We accept VISA, MASTER CARD, DISCOVER, PAYPAL and PERSONAL CHECKS (shipping on clearance). We no longer accept American Express.
||||| SECURITY ISSUES are always concerning. No persdonal information (credit ccards) are kept online and are deleted once order has been secured.
SEARCHING FOR SOMETHING SPECIAL? Use ADVANCED SEARCH (upper right corner) for special medals, rosaries, chaplets, Wild Goose Studio (Ireland), Work by Vatican artist, Egino Weinert (Germany) along with special bead artists.
ROSARIES, CHAPLETS and JEWELRY: All are designed by and for the Rosary Workshop Museum Gallery Shop. We specialize in rare antique beads, semi precious stones, pearls and other hard to find beads. We string our work on a state of the arts wire (49 strands of stainless steel) which is very strong but supple allowing for it to be passed on from generation to generation.
METAL PARTS: All crosses, crucifixes and religious medals are hand cast from antiques and vintage pieces in sterling silver and solid bronze then antiqued to restore original patina. The Rosary Workshop is the sole retail distributor on the internet for these hand-cast parts.
TO IDENTIFY ITEMS BELOW DRAW ARROW (cursor) slowly over image and title will appear. To read more about item, to order click image for pricing.
17 + DEVOTIONAL CHAPLETS and growing! A great new section that will grow like the popular rosries devoted to your friends the saints. Many are suggestions from our visitors,Se our first for Mry, St Benedict & St Michael
12 + CHAPLETS INSPIRED BY MUSEUM PIECES - Seeking out the old brings inspiration forward to today. These 'ZEHNERS' are rare and lovely, inviting one to prayer.
5 + HEART of the MOTHER CHAPLETS - Dedicated to moms, brand new moms, grandmoms, all moms who have given so much to you! and me - a great reminder of our love and appreciation!
21 + TRADITIONAL 'NINER' CHAPLETS - traditional 3 sets of 3 beads (Ave, Pater, Glory). Each chaplet has a saint's medal. called to be the intercessor of the prayers said. Also for Novenas!
1 + LIMITED EDITION CHAPLETS using Antique Beads. A rare and very limited series of chaplets using a collection of beads from various origins and eras.
12 + 'OCEAN TUMBLED' CHAPLETS (two window beads) - These beads appear as glass that has been tumbled in the ocean. Called '2 windows' design from old beads molds. Very prayable in the hand.
29 + ROSARY WORKSHOP SPECIAL CHAPLETS - 10 bead chaplets ('tenners') - some of our very favorites designed especially for us. Pray it 5 times and you have prayed the rosary.
52 + CHAPLETS - COMMUNION OF SAINTS - chaplets dedicated to saints with special counts and devotions for intercession for needs in our lives. Very special.
A right given to a third party to use a portion of the property for certain purposes, such as power lines or water mains.
Additional income that a lender considers when assessing the loan application of a potential borrower.
A panel that transfers power from the utility line into a house to be distributed through fuses or circuit breakers.
The exterior view of a home design that shows the position of the house relative to the grade of the land.
The government's right to condemn private land for public use, such as the routing of a public highway.
The conversion from a construction loan to permanent financing a condominium buyer secures after all units in a project have been completed.
A government-mandated evaluation of all aspects and effects a development will have on the environment of a proposed site.
A federal law that prohibits a lender or other creditor from refusing to grant credit based on the applicant's sex, marital status, race, religion, national origin or age. The law also prohibits a creditor from refusing to grant credit because the applica
Equifax Credit Information Services, Inc., is one of the "Big Three" credit-reporting bureaus that operate nationwide. Address: P.O. Box 740249, Atlanta, GA 30374.
A neutral third party holds the documents and money involved in a real estate transaction and ensures that all conditions of a sale are met.. Escrow also refers to a special account that a lender establishes to hold monthly installments from the borrower
An account that a lender or mortgage servicer establishes to hold funds for the payment of expenses such as homeowners insurance and property taxes. Also known as an impound account.
A lender's periodic examination of an escrow account to determine if the lender is withholding enough funds from a borrower's monthly mortgage payment to pay for expenses such as property taxes and insurance.
Escrow closes when all conditions of a real estate transaction are met and the title of the property is transferred to the buyer.
Firms that act as neutral third parties to ensure that all conditions that the buyer, seller and lender establish in a real estate transaction are met.
Funds that a mortgage servicer withdraws from a borrower's escrow account to pay property taxes and insurance.
An inspection by a title company of public records and other documents to determine the chain of ownership of a property.
A contract that gives an agent the exclusive right to market a property for a specific period of time.
A person appointed to carry out the instructions in a will. If there is no will, a probate court will appoint an executor.
Experian, formerly known as TRW Information Systems & Services, is one of the "Big Three" credit-reporting bureaus.. Address: 505 City Parkway West, Orange, CA 92868.
EZ Arms XR make camber/caster/toe adjustment possible on cars that have been lowered for performance and for those that retain the stock ride height. Simply replace the OE arm with the EZ Arm XR, and you can dial your car to your exact specs..
Choose: language All languages Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian French German Greek Hungarian Indian Italian Japanese Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Ukrainian Vietnamese country All country Argentina Australia Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada China Colombia Czech Czech Republic Denmark Estonia France Germany Greece Hungary India Italy Japan Korea Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Taiwan Thailand UK Ukraine USA Venezuela Vietnam
Designated trademarks and brands are of their respective owners. All models were at least 18 years old when they were photographed.
Maurice w parker sr jump to navigation jump to search maurice wesley parker sr (1873–1958) was an american voice coach, record-setting marksman, champion billiard player, landscape painter and violin maker education parker was born in chicago, illinois and attended harvard medical school. Frontrunners in blacksmith black smith guys will be available for your requirements regarding blacksmith in francestown, nh we have got a crew of skilled professional experts and the most advanced solutions in the industry to give you just what you need. Hot tub service guys in francestown, nh also specializes in cleaning hot tub acrylic shells so as to prevent dirt and germs from ingraining within the shell clients in francestown, nh could also occasionally wipe the shell with a damp cloth to keep the hot tub looking neat.
The railing guys in francestown, nh is the leading service provider in railing construction we are located in francestown,nh and our services are offered to both private and public customers we are located in francestown,nh and our services are offered to both private and public customers. Pine straw in francestown, nh pine needles guys first test consisted of green needles, pulled fresh from the tree as in all of the needle and soil tests, the needles were placed in a non-reactive container and mixed with an appropriate volume of distilled water following standard analytical testing guidelines and using a proper and calibrated. Two of the men who left from francestown, new hampshire to serve in the military are known to have died in service or from wounds received in service (though only one is recognized as such on the plaque)–john herman miller and wilson morse.
An authentic new england golf experience where golfers can enjoy the challenges put to them by legendary course architect, donald ross set in the rolling hills of new hampshire, crotched mountain golf club exposes golfers to the true beauty of new england. New hampshire is a state located in the new england region of the northeastern united statesnew hampshire was one of the thirteen colonies that revolted against british rule in the american revolution. Search 2,515 francestown, nh home theater and home automation professionals to find the best home theater or home automation professional for your project see the top reviewed local home theater and home automation professionals in francestown, nh on houzz.
Par length si hole 1: 4: 341yd/311m: hole 2: 4: 323yd/295m: hole 3: 3: 137yd/125m: hole 4: 5: 414yd/378m: hole 5: 4: 333yd/304m: hole 6: 3: 196yd/179m: hole 7: 5. Commercial window repair in francestown, nh window repair pro guys is your number one partner when it comes to commercial window repair in francestown, nh we have the capability to start commercial window projects right from the ground up to their successful completion. Visit our appliance removal guys in francestown, nh and receive high quality and standard appliance disposal so that you find nothing short of efficiency our experts will carry out old appliance removal service that suits your needs bonded, licensed and insured. Our prices are the best in francestown, nh skirting guys in francestown, nh, we offer a wide variety of mobile home skirting solutions all available at affordable rates you can find such products and services from other providers but we guarantee you won’t find them at the rates that will fit within your budget like us. The two men had left new hampshire three-and-a-half days earlier in their red forest protection bureau tank truck a 46-year-old forest fire patrolman from francestown who has deployed out of.
Location for all your needs on sealcoating services visit sealcoating guys in francestown, nhwe are dedicated to the principles of ethical and nondiscriminatory business practices in the free enterprise and we aim to promote the interests of the business and customers. Quality septic tank pumping in francestown, nh get a free no obligation quote from our septic tank professionals now improve your septic systems efficiency slow drains are not just inconvenient, then i contacted these guys their machine came back with high 60 readings after mitigation the number dropped to a 5 pci/l average. 1805:~ the state legislature incorporated a group of men as proprietors of the social library in francestown this group gradually purchased a total of 5,000 books, which were housed in the residence and law office of titus brown ( the present home of the ghb library building. Save cash with soda blasting guys you have got a budget to stick with, and you prefer to spend less money you'll still want superior quality work for soda blasting in francestown, nh, and you're able to have confidence in our business to help you save money while still providing the finest quality results.
Unique hanging solutions at hanging picture guys, we provide you with viable picture hanging solutions for your homesif you have been wondering if you can find professionals who can take care of all your photo hanging and other types of artwork needs, then we are here to inform you that we are the best in francestown, nh. Value for your money scrap metal pickup guys is there for all your needs involving scrap metal pickups in francestown, nh we've got a crew of experienced contractors and the most advanced solutions around to give you everything that you're looking for. Full text of history of francestown, n h, from its earliest settlement april, 1758, to january 1, 1891 : with a brief genealogical record of all the francestown families. Chat online in francestown, united states with over 330m members on badoo, you will find someone in francestown make new friends in francestown at badoo today.
Trained personnel with a personalized touch we sliding glass door repair guys in francestown, nh go out of way to listen carefully to you our customer, and make recommendations after close inspection of your home on which are the best decorative glassware that would best accessorize your home. Basketball hoop installation in francestown, nh experienced and trained in-ground basketball installer personnel at basketball hoop installation guys , a team of dedicated basketball hoop installers will be at hand to assist you with the installation work. Wood burning stove guys in francestown,nh is strategically located in a convenient place where you can access regardless of which place you reside or where your property is located we specialize in all types of wood burning store services from installation to repair.
A committee of three men, david lewis, levi bixby and daniel lewis, was named to take charge of the stove “francestown was several years ahead of most other towns in this vicinity in warming the church,” the historians wrote. 1 review of wingspeed adventures technical stuff wingspeed adventures is a leader in challenge course building in the north east they are an acct professional vendor member they inspect challenge courses for schools, camps or even if you're. Get this from a library flophouse an authentic undercover study of flophouses, cage hotels, including missions, shelters and institutions serving unattached (homeless) men a sociological study that includes english origins of mass relief, samples of american mass relief and a modern investigation of public and private policies in chicago.
Ryanair is Europe's largest airline company carrying 130 million customers a year on more than 1,800 daily flights from 86 bases, connecting over 200 destinations in 33 countries. Based on a low-cost business model, Ryanair makes travelling across Europe easier, faster, and more affordable.
Ryanair, along with Erasmus Student Network, has committed to improving Erasmus experience for all European students.
That is why, from September on, when flying with Ryanair, all ESNcard holders will be able to enjoy:
Register in ESNcard.org. As this data will be used to validate your ESNcard during your flight booking process, please, remember to fill in all the blanks in your user profile - also your ESNcard number.
Wait until your ESNcard and other details are validated. This is not live validation, so it might take a few days.
Once it is validated, use the booking widget at the bottom of the Erasmus section of your myRyanair dashboard to make your bookings at a discounted rate. Only bookings made using this widget will be considered for the discount, so make sure you do not use the normal booking engine of Ryanair or any other booking systems.
Now that your user profile is updated and your ESNcard valid, you can book your Ryanair flights to any destination offered.
Keep in mind that you should book your tickets at least 28 days in advance* and that the offer applies to the dates between the 1st September and 15th June*.
consultoresniif.com: Micro-Trend Trading for Daily Income: Using Intra-Day Trading Tactics to Harness the Power of Today's Volatile Markets (). The following is a book review by Stephen Burns. Using Intra-Day Trading Tactics to Harness the P. I went from thinking day trading was ridiculous to believing in it. I traded the daily trend of the volatility to make back the $10, I had lost in my brokerage.
Micro-Trend Trading for Daily Income: Using Intra-Day Trading Tactics to Harness the Power of Today's Volatile Markets by Thomas Carr, . Micro-Trend Trading for Daily Income: Using Intra-Day Trading Tactics to Harness the Power of Today's Volatile Markets - Ebook written by Thomas K. Carr . Micro-Trend Trading for Daily Income has 12 ratings and 0 reviews. Profit every day from market volatility at all levels of the game The.
Results 1 - 30 of 42 Micro-Trend Trading for Daily Income: Using Intra-Day Trading Tactics to Harness the Power of Today's Volatile Markets by Carr, Thomas K. Micro-trend trading for daily income: using intraday trading tactics to harness the power of today's volatile markets. by Thomas K Carr. Print book. English.
But no one can move online to one of the 3 Kingdoms until they accept Christ and totally repent. While it's dating that Mormons are not one-dimensional and completely predictable, the odds of a successful relationship, given the Datiing description warwickshire his girlfriend, are slim.
Description The Evergreen is Washington State University's student newspaper, published regularly by students since 1895. It was preceded by The College Record, which dates to 1892 and was initially published by the university administration.
Rights Notes No known copyright. Item went into public domain 70 years after the 1926 death of the author.
Digitization Original glass plate positives were scanned in color at 600 dpi on an Epson Expression 10000XL scanner and saved as tiff files. 100 dpi jpeg files were created from those files and uploaded to the CONTENTdm server at the WSU Libraries.
Rights The contents of this collection are available to the public for use in research, teaching, and private study. U.S. Copyright and intellectual property laws may apply to the resources made available through this site.
IN THE TOWN OF VILLA JUAREZ, just south of Monterrey, 15 Mexican drug agents spent most of Jan. 14 crouched outside a walled ranch house. The agents had received a critical tip: Juan Garcia Abrego, one of Mexico's most powerful drug dealers, was inside. At 7 p.m., the team moved in. They smashed through the front gate in a minivan, taking Garcia Abrego and two bodyguards by surprise. As the druglord dashed out a back door and tried to launch his portly frame over a fence, agents grabbed him by the shirt. Twenty minutes later, the man who had shipped perhaps...
If you check the "Remember me" box, you will be automatically signed in for 30 days to TIME.com when you visit in the future.
If you are accessing TIME.com on a public computer, you are advised not to click on the "Remember me" option.
This template has been based upon ANZRS and is the perfect starting point for improving your Revit Implementation.
Built natively in Revit 2015 for maximum compatibility, it doesn't take much to update for changes in 2016 & 2017.
Social Media for today and tomorrow. If you are on Facebook or if you aren’t you should know what all of the fuss is about and how to make it work for you. Techniques for selling and buying on the web, EBay, Etsy and other auction sites discussed. What about LinkedIn Plus everything that you need to know about videos and YouTube – is it for you What is coming in the future that you...
Everything in life is sales and marketing. Successful people are not just lucky, they understand that every nuance is being judged. Creating and fine tuning your brand will increase your sales -regardless of your medium or product. Whatever your level of expertise, you will learn new skills and information about: social medias, tip and tricks for websites, business cards do's and...
Our programs give you convenient access to a wide selection of noncredit courses that can open doors to a new career, build skills for your current job, or simply expand your knowledge in a subject you’re interested in.
Procurement methods: Open 3 contracts, 9.68%, Open via SON 3 contracts, 9.68%, limited 25 contracts, 80.65%,
3390050 Security upgrade of office $11,391.60 Department of Finance 2016-06-15 Fredon Security Pty Ltd
In this alcoholic beverage, cranberry juice, orange juice and vodka are frozen into a slush and mixed with mandarin oranges.
In a large bowl, combine vodka, cranberry juice and orange juice. Place in freezer for 2 hours, or until slushy.
Preheat the oven to 225 degrees. Put the tomato halves in a bowl and toss with the olive oil, basil, and garlic to coat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper.
Arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until the tomatoes are shriveled to about two-thirds their original size; they should still be soft to the touch. Do not allow the edges to become crisp. Remove and let cool.
My notes: Although I cooked the tomatoes for almost two hours, they never did shrink down to 2/3 their size. They are very good, but I think the heat needs to be higher, and plan on a longer cooking time.
I am a school administrator, wife, mother, and grandmother. My life is busy--more so than I would like. My 48th birthday has come and gone, 49 is looming just around the corner, and I realize that 50 is not far behind. It is time to stop saying, "Someday," and start living my life--right now!
More probable, obese individuals are susceptible to persistent diseases such as kind 2 diabetes mellitus, heart disease, rest problems, reproductive issues as well as anxiety. And also consequently way too...
All of our interviewees can use the above badge on their blog. It’s not necessary but they can do if they want. Have a happy blogging ahead 🙂
This blog is made especially for sharing interviews and recipes of various food bloggers. In any case, if you find any copyrighted content or photo, you can contact us at admin@cookwithnisha.com
We will reply within 2-12 hours! And we will immediately take an action (crediting the owner or removal of the content). So let’s be friends and resolve these issues with softness 🙂
Hi, we have detected that you are using an Adblocker. Please, close adblock or whitelist our site. We really need support to get this site running!!
Cool Hockey Event organizers Jason Kelly and JJ Deviney would like to send their deepest sympathies to...
Download the 2014 Holiday Bash Schedule here! Tournament Directions and information can be found here!
Copyright © 2005 Cool Hockey Events, LLC | Over a decade of exciting tournaments, fantastic prizes, and the best competition anywhere!
THE all-new Mercedes G-Class 2018 range was revealed earlier this year and now details about the range-topping AMG G 63 have emerged.
Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a prominent English shoemaker, The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Mr. Frye ran the business for nearly 50 years and after his death in 1911, his family continued to run the company until 1945. In... Read More
Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a prominent English shoemaker, The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Mr. Frye ran the business for nearly 50 years and after his death in 1911, his family continued to run the company until 1945.
In the 1960's, Frye reintroduced the Campus Boot based on its 1860 original. The style featured a bulky toe and chunky heel that came to epitomize the attitude and the style of the 60's and 70's. There was nothing like the "new" Frye Boot on the market, and consumers began to demand "Original Frye's. The Smithsonian Institute, in their search for items to best represent 1960's America, chose a pair of Frye Boots, which proudly remain on display today.
The Frye brand remains true to its heritage and vintage American roots with finely crafted, fashionable boot, shoe, and handbag designs featuring rich leathers and quality hardware. See Less
Dear friends, do you want to have some different things? Whether you want to give your relatives and friends, take a few different exotic gifts? Whether you want to buy some cheap benefits of thing? So please, let us begin now!
Enjoy fabulous fresh food, a range of dining choices and spectacular views at one of Tweed Heads’ best restaurants. Take a look at our award-winning buffet menu, view restaurant and coffee shop opening hours, or check out the restaurant gallery!
Coolangatta & Tweed Heads Golf Club is surrounded by towering trees, lush green gardens and waterways, making it an idyllic setting for your special day. Choose from a range of well-appointed venues, which suit small, intimate gatherings to lavish gala affairs. There are acres of picture perfect settings with river and golf course views.
Located just south of the Gold Coast, Coolangatta & Tweed Heads Golf Club offers the best of both worlds - great golfing in one of Australia’s most popular holiday destinations! Visit the friendliest club on the Tweed – Cool Tweed Golf!
© Copyright 2014 Coolangatta Tweed Heads Golf Club. All Rights Reserved. || Website by Flagship Digital
The 13th Annual Dalworthington Gardens DPS Day with the Law was held on June 4, 2005. Photos by Dave Arnold, all rights reserved.
Many youngsters loose their life in useless passion performing idiotic stunts like bike wheeling, stunts on teh moving trains, crossing the road blind-folded. They do no realize that their one stupid move will be the end of dreams and sacrifices their par
Rahim signaled Amar from across the room. He yawned in gesture and expressed his desperation to get out of the room. Amar put all his fingers up and indicated, ten minutes.
The college bell rang and the professor left in more haste than the students. Before the next professor could come in, Rahim and Amar packed their bags and ran down the corridor. Instead of the front gate, which was locked and guarded by a portly gatekeeper, they headed to the college backyard. The compound wall was high but an overgrown tree allowed them to scale it easily. They tossed their sack over the wall and quickly climbed the tree. Without anyone noticing, they crossed to the other side and retained their sacks.
“Amma (Mother) will be very angry if she comes to know we bunked lectures,” Amar said as they had started walking towards the railway station.
“Forget it dear” Rahim scowled. “Classes are boring, studies don’t excite me. I like to run and jump and slide and do all kind of adventurous stunts. I want to become a Stunt Man”.
“Never, I am the master of stunts” Rahim said proudly. “I have learnt a new trick. Let’s get to the station. I can’t wait to show you.”
Afternoons were usually less crowded at railway stations. The people traveling during this time are the ones visiting their relatives or those going for job interviews. There were a third kind, the vagabonds like Rahim and Amar, who took the advantage of empty trains to perform dangerous stunts. On few occasions a TC had tried to chase them. But he was no match to the young legs. He would pant, hurl a few abuses and go away.
The two boys boarded the next train that arrived. They stood by the foot-board and waited till the crowd had lessened at the next station.
Rahim stood on the platform, parallel to the train. He walked as the train moved with a jerk. When the train began to pick up speed, Rahim too quickened his pace. Soon, he was sprinting alongside the train.
Rahim paid no heed and kept his eyes on the platform which extended only a few yards away. As the platform neared its end, Rahim reached out for the compartment pole and jumped inside the train.
Amar patted Rahim’s back and said, “Few more seconds and there would have been two Rahims under the train.”Both laughed.
Upon catching his breath, Rahim stood by the footboard’s edge and performed some more moves. He would lean dangerously outside the train, pluck leaves from trees, tap the passing poles. Amar hesitated. Unknown to the two boys, a spectator standing by the door behind the boys in the same compartment had taken a keen interest in the stunt boy. He marveled at his show-off.
When the train began to pull at the next station, Rahim performed his best trick yet. Holding on to the compartment pole, he jumped out of the running train and performed a long slide alongside the slowing train. The train pulled in. Rahim bid adieu to his friend Amar and left for his home.
The spectator, a man in his early forties and sporting a long grey beard, also departed the train. Stealthily, he followed Rahim into the narrow lanes leading into the slums. As it was mid-afternoon, the lanes were occupied with less people.
Rahim took a left turn in one of the lane; he saw a glimpse of a person from corner of his eye. He halted and turned around but saw no one.
In a deserted lane, the man picked up pace and approached Rahim from behind. Before Rahim could react, he found his head covered in a black cloth. Strong arms gripped him from all sides. No amount of struggle could free him from the clutches. He tried to scream but the palm of a hand pressed against his mouth. Soon out of breath, he fell unconscious.
When he opened his eyes, he found himself surrounded by warm air. He was inside a room with no windows. His eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness in the room. Finally, he saw a man standing in the corner. He looked like the man Rahim had probably seen following him through the lanes. He had seen the man earlier today, in the same train compartment as his.
He screamed for help but the sound of his panic was restrained by a cloth stuffed deep in his throat. His hands were restrained to the chair’s arms and his feet to the chair’s legs. Tears began to flow as he trembled in fear.
The man stepped out of the dark corner and made himself visible. He had cold, grey eyes, kohl neatly sketched around the lids. His lips were red from the excess paan chewing (beetle leaves). The man leaned in front of Rahim and said, “Are you afraid, boy?”
“You did not seem afraid when you performed those dangerous stunts,”the man recalled. He pulled out the cloth from Rahim’s mouth. This time, Rahim was at loss of words from fear. A stench had filled his nose and he realized he had pissed his pants.
The man stared at Rahim for long and said, “Let you go? So you can board another train and show-off your dangerous stunts? What are you, poor people’s Rajnikanth?”He began to laugh so hysterically that Rahim thought he would piss his pants a second time.
He was now begging for his life. “I will never do it. I will never do it.”He kept on repeating. But the man was in no mood to be melted by a boy’s cry.
“Your life is a waste,”the man said. “You bunk your classes to perform deadly stunts. Sooner or later, you will come under a train. Your body will be cut to pieces and no one will be able to recognize you. The police will disown your body and send it for crematorium. Your parents will keep searching for you but never find you. Why give so much trouble to the poor parents? I am only helping them. I will kill you with my own hands and send your body to your house. At least your parents can see you one last time and bury you righteously.”
Rahim had now gone silent. No amount of screaming, begging or crying was going to stop this man from killing him. He closed his eyes and waited for it to happen.
Soon, he felt cold hands on his shoulders, slowly moving towards his neck. Strangely though, instead of strangling his neck, they began to shake him vigorously. He heard someone calling his name, “Rahim”. It was not the man’s voice.
Suddenly, he opened his eyes and found himself in the classroom. The college bell was ringing in the background. The lecture was over and the professor had left. He looked up to find Amar standing beside him.
“Brother, Lets go. Today we got lucky our last lecture has cancelled,” Amar said. “Looks like you got so bored that you dozed off.”
He recalled his stunts, the man with grey beard, his cold eyes, and his eerie laugh. He smiled at the nightmare and then at his foolishness.
They both boarded the train. Rahim without bothering went straight inside the compartment and occupied an empty seat.
Many youngsters loose their life pursuing useless passion of performing dangerous and idiotic stunts like bike wheeling, stunts on the moving trains, crossing the road blind-folded. They do no realize that their one stupid move will be the end of the dreams and sacrifices their parents have made for them. Life should not be treated in such a cheap manner and lost in a useless passion.
I have stayed in Mumbai for few years and found young college going kids performing life threatening stunts. The story is a good reminder to such kids that their lives are much more valuable than they can ever imagine.
Thank you for your comment. I hope the story reaches to those youngsters who follow this kind of useless passion
The Paint the Town Green event exists due to the generosity of the community and especially our sponsors! This event can NOT happen with you their support. Please take a moment to consider supporting the event by participating as a community sponsors. With opportunities from $50 - $1,000, there is something for all marketing and budget needs. Contact us for customized options.
Take the opportunity to hand out goody bags, show off your company, get your message out there – or just gather a group of friends to participate in the sharin’ of the green!
The festivities will be held on Saturday, March 17, 2018 at 11:00 AM. The theme for the 2018 Parade is "Paint the Town Green". Entries embracing the theme will be considered 1st for parade acceptance.
This is your opportunity to sell your wares, show off your company, get your message out there – and gather with group of friends to participate in the sharin’ of the green!
The festivities will be held on Saturday, March 17, 2018 starting with a tented Irish Market in Downtown Palatine from 10:00 AM – 2:00 PM. The parade will step off at 11:00 AM and numerous activities are planned in Downtown Palatine.
RE/MAX Unlimited Northwest ● Coalition for a Better Illinois 6th ● Tap House Grill Palatine ● Borne2Dance
A standard document prescribed by the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act disclosing all costs paid in connection with the settlement of a Real Estate transaction. Also called a HUD-1.
Information is subject to change without notice. This is not an offer for extension of credit or a commitment to lend.
all months January February March April May June July August September October November December all years 2015 2014 2013
For four years, the Owasso FFA Chapter in Oklahoma has raised money for its local community at Christmas time. But this year, it cost their officer team a pie in the face, literally. As part a of local campaign called HUGS, which stands for Hats Underwear Gloves and Socks, the Owasso High School was encouraged […]
Breeding Does Official Results Provided by, Brittany Smith, Frank Phillips College 2-3-4-1 Cuts: 3-3-4 My preferred alignment of the Breeding Does is 2-3-4-1. I found a place to begin in the 2 Doe, she best combines an attractive look on the profile with her productive high volume body type, and I can see her generating successful show-ring bound […]
Going to college is an awesome responsibility. It’s also a privilege. Kids growing up in the agriculture and livestock world have great opportunities to earn scholarship money and save money from show premiums, but the cost of higher education requires many to take out student loans. Here are profiles of two women who paid for […]
On December 7, four students from the W.B. Saul High School of Agricultural Sciences pulled CiDRs from Hereford cows. It was 6:45 a.m. when they arrived to help their livestock teacher, Gail Koskela. As a reward, she took the students to Dunkin Donuts for breakfast before school began at 8:30 a.m. This might resemble a […]
Wrapping Christmas gifts can be tough as it is, but odd-shaped gifts can really throw you off. We’re here to help you tackle this holiday challenge, plus add a little stock show flair under your tree by use Sure Champ bags as wrapping paper. Check out this video, plus our step-by-step instructions below: STEP 1: […]
By, Alise Nolan, The Ranch Kitchen Holidays are busy, busy times when even the most organized person realizes there isn’t enough time in the day to cook, wrap, bake or go every place you’d like to be. As we look forward to the holiday ahead, it’s important to remember that it is about the quality […]
“We were given Sure Champ® Climate Control paste to sample before the 2017 National Western Stock Show and had great results...Read More
Archives	 Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012
Copyright © 1965-2018 BioZyme, Inc. | All trademarks and other intellectual property on this site are owned by BioZyme, Inc, St. Joseph, Missouri, USA
KEEEP (Original and Made in Korea)The rings enable a much more practical use of your gadgets. Jus...
Free delivery around metro manila for a minimum purchase of Php5,000.00 with bank deposit of 20% ...
Open up another dimension by scanning the Kazooloo disk with your smartphone or tablet and battle...
Bake up perfect, delicious french macarons easily with this fantastic Macaron Decoration Set for ...
Free delivery around metro manila for a minimum purchase of Php5,000.00 with deposit of 20% downp...
Three folds slim folio case ( Mini-Executive) designed to protect your iPad Mini from scratched a...
Showing results for mobile in Los Angeles, CA. Change the location and click search above to update results
Thornicroft Meaning: The meaning of Thornicroft has not been submitted. If you have the meaning of Thornicroft, please submit it with along with any reference pages referring to the meaning of Thornicroft.
By entering my personal information, I consent to receive email communications from the survey author's organization based on the information collected.
FIXER UPPER in progress – This 4 BR, 3 BA home will be sold as-is, ready to make your own! A large front courtyard opens into an oversized living space with kitchen & dining areas off the living area. One BR has new tile floor waiting for grout & an on-suite bathroom waiting for fixtures. Another BR is awaiting carpet. Double sinks in master & main guest baths. Separate laundry & storage galore!
follow link One of the joys of having your own blog is that, within the confines of legality, you can write pretty much anything you want to write.
http://cinziamazzamakeup.com/?x=viagra-generico-prezzo-piu-basso So today, for me, is a day of “Thank Yous.” I have so much to be grateful for, and, walking through my beloved St James Park yesterday, where the daffodils and crocuses are out in bloom, just made me realise how fortunate I am. Thank you Universe, for all that beauty!
follow Thank you to everyone who reads this blog! Anyone who knows me knows that I am preparing myself for my future life if I am made redundant later this year, hence writing as much as I can now. This is a showcase for some of my work; so thank you all, and please keep reading. (And, if you like the posts, maybe you would consider “liking them” on Facebook, Twitter and Google+.)
follow link Next, I want to thank my friends and family. In particular, I’d like to thank my friend Anne Germain. Anne and I have been friends for many years, since we first worked together, and have shared tears and joys and the odd glass of wine or two! Anne took the plunge and started doing what she loves a number of years ago. I’ve had a number of private readings from her, and I can tell you, she is spookily accurate. Always makes for an interesting evening, when she can tell me what’s happening in my life before I know about it!
go to site I’d like to thank Linda Formichelli, a freelance writer. I don’t know Linda personally, but I wholeheartedly recommend her book “Write Your Way Out of the Rat Race,” not just for wannabe writers, but anyone who is thinking of becoming self-employed. And while I’m on the subject of writers’ resources, thank you also to Sheryl Jacobs for “50 Freebies for Frugal Writers.” There are lots of other books out there, but I haven’t read them all yet. (Note the word “yet.” I’m sure I’ll get around to it.)
http://cinziamazzamakeup.com/?x=dove-comprare-viagra-generico-50-mg-a-Venezia Lisa Irby is another one of my heroines. She has a website about setting up websites, and she explains things in a really simple way. http://www.2createawebsite.com
http://www.slccolorado.org/storage/proscar/ Sophie Lizard is also a favourite. With so many resources available on the web, sometimes it’s hard to know which ones are worth looking at. I’m not saying that none of the others are any good, just that these are ones I like. http://beafreelanceblogger.com
prezzo viagra generico 200 mg pagamento online a Napoli Thank you everyone, for all your help and support. I’ll let you know on this blog when I publish my first book, and I shall pray that you all buy it.
Ascendant campaigns can view previous versions of their pages, see what has changed (and who did it), and even restore old versions. It's like having a rewind button for your campaign.
We've already been saving your edits, so if you upgrade now you will have instant access to your previous versions. Plus, you get a 15-day free trial, so there's nothing to lose.
Shown at the E-Flight Expo at Friedrichshafen’s Aero 2015, Stuttgart University’s e-Genius had an aerodynamic-looking pod next to one wing, containing an ENGIRO range extender consisting of a Wankel-type engine and a generator. The unit could, as its name implies, help e-Genius go for new records to add to its already significant collection. Bill Lofton at EV Hangar has detailed the extender, now associated with the e-Genius and in a larger variant on the Equator P2 amphibian being built in Norway by Tomas Broedreskift. Equator’s web site describes its power system: “The hybrid propulsion system being developed by Equator is called EHPS (Equator Hybrid Propulsion System). The engine specific project is being co-funded by Transnova and the company doing the development work …
Powering Imagination, a symposium devoted to that premise and to encouraging the development of electric aviation, achieved both goals on Saturday, February 28 at Seattle’s Museum of Flight. Organized by Erik Lindbergh and Eric Bartsch, the gathering included two panel discussions and eight presentations that helped define where the world of electric flight might be heading. Between 10:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., presenters covered a lot of ground. Following Cale Wilcox, the Public Programs Coordinator for the Museum’s, introduction, Erik Lindbergh took the stage to explain the goals of the Powering Imagination organization, including making aviation clean, quiet, exciting and affordable. This democratization of flight mirrors aspirations of the CAFE Foundation and is reflected in the educational efforts made by …
“Records, Records, Records!” heads the news on the Institut for Flugzeugbau (IFB) web site this morning. The sub-head reads, “Experienced hands plus a high-performance airplane plus one week equals seven world records.” Admitting to fuzzy math, the writer still draws a clear line to the seven records. Klaus and e-Genius spent the third week of July in Seeres – La Bâtie, France where they achieved seven FAI (Fédération Aéronautique International) World Records in the Category of Electric Airplanes. According to the IFB, “In two flights (July 18th and 19th) he attained: – Speed on a 100 km round trip : 178.1 kilometers per hour (96 knots, or 110.4 mph) – Speed on a 500 km round trip : 93.03 km/h …
Robert Adam helps run the Green Speed Cup, a time, speed and economy run for aircraft in Germany. The rules for this year’s contest elucidate the intent and ambitions for the event: “The GREEN SPEED CUP is an aviation competition focusing on efficient flight. The emphasis lies on fast and energy saving transportation. The competition is meant to develop new methods to reduce energy consumption of motor driven aircraft using external energy sources like lateral winds and updrafts. In making the ability of certain aircraft and techniques transparent, the competition shall set new standards in general aviation.” The Cup provides a sounding board for discussion of energy efficient flight and the changing experience of flying while exploring new techniques and …
Irena Raymond became the first passenger of a solar-powered airplane recently, even taking over control of the Sunseeker Duo she and husband Eric built over the last several years. Her thoughts provoke awe and envy. “Flying the Duo, skimming the white fluffy clouds from above and playing on the sky, I feel like a bird. No limitations, a pure freedom. It’s so quiet! Compared to a normal airplane, it’s like night and day. You need a very good headset in every other powered airplane, but in this airplane you can speak normally even when the motor is running full power, no headset needed. It is unbelievable.” Eric provides some hard data to complement Irena’s understandably poetic words. “I am expanding the …
Noisy airplanes are the bane of modern living. (Well, that and the myriad other intrusive sounds with which we are surrounded.) People can create and easily get signatures on petitions to close 70-year-old airports surrounded by 20-year-old housing developments, so General Aviation’s survival will at least partly depend on hushing our aircraft. We’ve been privileged to see and hear the passage of e-Genius, Pipistrel’s G4, and Chip Yates’ Long-EAS with a Craig Catto propeller, which emitted a barely discernible howl when it pushed the airplane at full power to a new time-to-climb Guinness record at the California State Airshow in early October 2013, reaching 500 meters (1,640 feet) in one minute, four seconds. This quest for quiet presses on the …
Robert Adam, one of the organizers of the Green Speed Cup in Germany and pilot of the Flight Design CTLS that ended the competition in seventh place, shared some information on the challenges faced by pilots in this year’s event. “We had 12-15 knots crosswind today (only a little less yesterday) and Tim-Peter (-Voss) managed this demanding taildragger (the SPACEK s.r.o. SD-1 microlight) calmly!” This very light and short-coupled airplane flies with a variety of two- and four-stroke engines, but Voss’ had a Verner JVC-360 four-stroke unit of 38 horsepower. It averaged a little over four liters per hour fuel consumption per 100 kilometers (59 mpg) over the practice day and two contest days. In the Green Flight Challenge, it would …
Happily for those of us who champion the idea of electric aircraft, the practice day and day one of the Green Speed Cup in Strausberg, Germany fetched a world electric aircraft distance record for e-Genius and an outstanding showing for all concerned. This beginning for the third running of the Cup sets a high standard for the coming days. The Green Speed Cup has elements of soaring flight through the use of thermals, careful speed flying that emphasizes fuel economy, and precise flight planning with attention to the planned route, winds aloft, and power settings. Green Speed Cup organizers map out a series of triangular routes to test the limits of piloting skills and airplane efficiency. As the organizers explain, …
At last year’s Electric Aircraft Symposium, Ron Gremban, developer of the Prius plug-in hybrid, shared several questions about promoting safety in electric aircraft. One aspect that provoked deep thought was that of safety for those working around an electric airplane, whose propeller could start quietly and possibly strike an unaware bystander. During the Green Flight Challenge, it was noteworthy that unlike their gasoline-powered counterparts which idled while awaiting takeoff, the Pipistrel G4 and e-Genius awaited their turn to launch with propellers at rest, only spinning when commanded – and very quietly at that. The question of avoiding prop strikes found at least one answer at EAS VII. Karl Kaser demonstrated, in model form, his ePropeller Safety Device (eSD), noting “the …
At this year’s Electric Aircraft Symposium, Rudolf Voit Nitschmann, Len Schumann, and Ingmar Geiss shared their well-documented experiences with e-Genius, second place winner in 2011’s Green Flight Challenge. Flown by Erik Raymond and Klauss Ohlmann, the airplane managed 397.5 passenger miles per gallon on its 200-mile trek around a closed circuit between Santa Rosa, California and the distant geothermal power plants that provided the electricity for its flight. As Voit Nitschmann, leader of the e-Genius team since 2005 noted, one must design electric aircraft around the beneficial aspects of such vehicles to gain the greatest performance. Originally slated to be hydrogen powered, e-Genius mounts its 59-pound motor on the leading edge of the vertical rudder, more difficult with a heavier …
Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare to see a
You should be a part of a contest for one of the greatest blogs online. I’m going to recommend this web site!|
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with some pics to drive the message home a little bit, but other than that, this is wonderful blog. An excellent read. I’ll certainly be back.|
Hello there I am so grateful I found your blog page, I really found you by mistake, while I was browsing on Askjeeve for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thank you for a tremendous post and a all round enjoyable blog (I also love the theme/design), I donâ€™t have time to read through it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read much more, Please do keep up the awesome jo.|
I every time used to read post in news papers but now as I am a user of net thus from now I am using net for posts, thanks to web.|
It’s fantastic that you are getting thoughts from this piece of writing as well as from our argument made here.|
I simply couldn’t leave your site prior to suggesting that I actually loved the usual information a person supply
Whats up very nice website!! Guy .. Beautiful .. Wonderful .. I’ll bookmark your web site and take the feeds additionally? I am satisfied to find a lot of helpful information right here within the put up, we need develop extra techniques on this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .|
Fantastic beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your site, how could i subscribe for a blog web site? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear idea
I really like what you guys are usually up too. This sort of clever work and coverage! Keep up the wonderful works guys I’ve you guys to my own blogroll.
Hello there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I will be grateful if you continue this in future. A lot of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!|
Amazing! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Excellent choice of colors!|
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! By the way, how could we communicate?|
Good way of telling, and fastidious post to obtain information about my presentation subject matter, which i am going to convey in academy.|
I think this is among the most significant information for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But want to remark on some general things, The site style is perfect, the articles is really great : D. Good job, cheers|
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently fast.|
I simply wanted to say thanks again. I am not sure the things that I would’ve worked on in the absence of the entire techniques shown by you about such theme. It actually was a real frustrating condition in my opinion, nevertheless taking note of this well-written approach you handled the issue took me to leap for delight. I’m thankful for this service and thus pray you find out what a great job you are accomplishing instructing people through the use of your webblog. Probably you have never encountered all of us.
Hi there, I found your blog by means of Google even as looking for a related topic, your website came up, it appears to be like great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Ahaa, its fastidious conversation on the topic of this article at this place at this weblog, I have read all that, so at this time me also commenting at this place.|
Simply desire to say your article is as amazing. The clarity in your post is simply spectacular and i could assume you’re an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission allow me to grab your feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the gratifying work.|
Woah! I’m really loving the template/theme of this site. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s challenging to get that “perfect balance” between usability and appearance. I must say you’ve done a awesome job with this. In addition, the blog loads super fast for me on Internet explorer. Excellent Blog!|
I’m not sure where you are getting your info, but great topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for excellent information I was looking for this info for my mission.|
Hello, I enjoy reading all of your article post. I wanted to write a little comment to support you.|
Hi! Would you mind if I share your blog with my facebook group? There’s a lot of folks that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Thanks|
Can I ask first please, if you are really referring to my blog on “The Heart-Centred Business” of have you come to my site accidentally. I have had some unusual comments that I think are from spammers/ hackers, so I would like to check before I give my approval.
Would you please respond by sending an email from the contact page, which will help me with authenticating your request.
Hmm it appears like your website ate my first comment (it was super long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I had written and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I too am an aspiring blog writer but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any suggestions for first-time blog writers? I’d certainly appreciate it.
I’ve been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or blog posts on this kind of space . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Reading this info So i’m satisfied to express that I’ve an incredibly just right uncanny feeling I found out just what I needed. I so much without a doubt will make certain to do not overlook this site and provides it a glance regularly.|
Hello, yeah this article is actually nice and I have learned lot of things from it on the topic of blogging. thanks.|
It’s hard to come by educated people about this topic, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks|
Thank you – it’s what I love to do with businesses to really get them going. It’s amazing what a team of motivated and empowered people can do.
It’s appropriate time to make a few plans for the longer term and it’s time to be happy. I have read this publish and if I may just I want to suggest you few interesting things or advice. Perhaps you could write subsequent articles relating to this article. I wish to read more issues approximately it!|
Thank you – I will be continuing this subject as it is very dear to my heart. I love to see teams really flying by working together and supporting one another.
Hi there just wanted to give you a quick heads up and let you know a few of the pictures aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different internet browsers and both show the same results.|
I just had a look and they seem to be loading fine for me. I’m on a mac and on Firefox, have also checked Chrome and Safari. If they are still not loading properly would you be able to let me know which page/ blog is not responding well.
Hi there would you mind letting me know which hosting company you’re utilizing? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different web browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you recommend a good web hosting provider at a fair price? Thanks, I appreciate it!|
I’m using WordPress hosted originally by Netregistry but was taken over/ bought by Melbourne IT. I hope this has helped.
Hey! Would you mind if I share your blog with my twitter group? There’s a lot of people that I think would really enjoy your content. Please let me know. Thanks|
I don’t mind you sharing this blog as long as you attribute it to me, Cheryl Yamazaki, and this site please?
I do trust all of the ideas you have introduced to your post. They are really convincing and can definitely work. Still, the posts are very brief for beginners. May just you please lengthen them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.|
Wow! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a entirely different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Great choice of colors!|
You could definitely see your expertise within the work you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart.|
Wow! In the end I got a blog from where I can genuinely get helpful information regarding my study and knowledge.
Hello my friend! I wish to say that this article is amazing, great written and come with almost all vital infos. I’d like to peer more posts like this .|
First of all I would like to say great blog! I had a quick question which I’d like to ask if you don’t mind. I was curious to find out how you center yourself and clear your head before writing. I’ve had difficulty clearing my mind in getting my ideas out. I do take pleasure in writing however it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are generally lost just trying to figure out how to begin. Any ideas or tips? Thanks!|
Excellent post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am impressed! Very helpful info particularly the last part I care for such information a lot. I was looking for this particular information for a long time. Thank you and best of luck.|
I go to see day-to-day a few web pages and websites to read content, but this website gives quality based articles.|
I was wondering if you ever considered changing the structure of your website? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?|
Hey There. I discovered your blog the use of msn. That is a very well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to learn more of your helpful info. Thanks for the post. I’ll certainly return.|
excellent issues altogether, you just gained a logo new reader. What might you recommend about your publish that you just made some days in the past? Any positive?|
What a stuff of un-ambiguity and preserveness of precious experience concerning unexpected emotions.|
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your webpage? My blog site is in the exact same niche as yours and my visitors would really benefit from some of the information you present here. Please let me know if this okay with you. Thanks a lot!|
I’m glad you have found the information helpful. That’s fine but please use the following attribution: Attach the following attribution please: 2015 © Cheryl Yamazaki, Sustainable Solutions Australia – All Rights Reserved http://sustainablesolutionsaustralia.com.au/blog/ – thank you
Hi there it’s me, I am also visiting this web site regularly, this web page is truly nice and the viewers are genuinely sharing nice thoughts.|
Nice post. I used to be checking constantly this weblog and I am impressed! Extremely helpful info specifically the final phase I handle such info much. I was looking for this certain info for a long time. Thanks and good luck. |
It’s in point of fact a nice and helpful piece of info. I’m glad that you shared this useful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.|
Good post. I learn something totally new and challenging on blogs I stumbleupon every day. It’s always interesting to read articles from other writers and use a little something from their websites. |
Nice post. I used to be checking continuously this blog and I’m impressed! Extremely helpful info specially the last phase I maintain such information a lot. I used to be looking for this particular information for a long time. Thank you and good luck. |
I was recommended this website by means of my cousin. I am now not sure whether this publish is written through him as nobody else recognize such certain about my problem. You are amazing! Thank you!|
Hey exceptional website! Does running a blog similar to this take a massive amount work? I’ve virtually no expertise in computer programming however I was hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyhow, should you have any recommendations or tips for new blog owners please share. I know this is off subject however I simply had to ask. Cheers!|
I’m sorry, but I’m fairly new to blogging as well, although I have written learning content on this subject for quite a while and am in the middle of writing a book. As far as blogging and sites though, I can’t help – sorry.
It’s really a great and helpful piece of information. I’m glad that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
I like to browse in various places on the internet, often I will just go to Digg and read and check stuff out
Everything is very open with a clear description of the challenges. It was definitely informative. Your site is extremely helpful. Many thanks for sharing!|
Hi, yes this piece of writing is really good and I have learned lot of things from it regarding blogging. thanks.|
Hello, I think your web site might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your web site in Safari, it looks fine however when opening in IE, it’s got some overlapping issues. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Apart from that, fantastic site!|
Hi! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any problems with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing a few months of hard work due to no back up. Do you have any solutions to protect against hackers?|
Wow, marvelous weblog structure! How long have you ever been running a blog for? you made blogging look easy. The total glance of your web site is excellent, let alone the content!
I just could not leave your web site before suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the standard info a person supply for your visitors? Is gonna be again steadily to check out new posts|
I think this is among the most vital info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But want to remark on some general things, The website style is perfect, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers|
I am really impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your blog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Either way keep up the excellent quality writing, it is rare to see a great blog like this one these days.|
Hi i am kavin, its my first time to commenting anyplace, when i read this post i thought i could also create comment due to this sensible piece of writing.|
We are a group of volunteers and opening a new scheme in our community. Your site offered us with valuable information to work on. You have done a formidable job and our entire community will be grateful to you.|
Hey There. I discovered your weblog the usage of msn. That is a really well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read extra of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I will certainly return.|
of course like your web-site but you have to check the spelling on several of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling issues and I find it very troublesome to tell the truth nevertheless I will certainly come back again.
The spelling is Australian English and is different from American spelling. I will have another look though so thank you for the comment. Kind regards Cheryl
Excellent blog here! Also your web site loads up fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol|
Hello to every body, it’s my first go to see of this web site; this blog includes amazing and truly excellent data for visitors.|
We’re a gaggle of volunteers and starting a brand new scheme in our community. Your site offered us with valuable information to work on. You’ve performed a formidable activity and our whole group will probably be thankful to you.|
This piece of writing gives clear idea in favor of the new people of blogging, that truly how to do running a blog.|
Hi there, i read your blog occasionally and i own a similar one and i was just curious if you get a lot of spam remarks? If so how do you protect against it, any plugin or anything you can advise? I get so much lately it’s driving me insane so any help is very much appreciated.|
I do get a few, but I usually spam them and I will look at another form of security in the next week. Thank you for asking Kind regards Cheryl
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my site so i came to â€œreturn the favorâ€.I am trying to find things to enhance my web site!I suppose its ok to use some of your ideas!!|
Hello there, I discovered your website by the use of Google at the same time as looking for a comparable subject, your web site came up, it seems to be good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
I love your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you create this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz answer back as I’m looking to design my own blog and would like to know where u got this from. kudos|
Just desire to say your article is as amazing. The clearness to your submit is simply spectacular and that i can assume you are a professional on this subject. Fine together with your permission allow me to snatch your feed to stay updated with imminent post. Thank you one million and please keep up the enjoyable work.|
This page truly has all of the information I wanted concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. |
Hi mates, how is all, and what you wish for to say about this post, in my view its genuinely amazing in favor of me.|
I am curious to find out what blog platform you’re working with? I’m experiencing some minor security problems with my latest blog and I’d like to find something more safe. Do you have any recommendations?|
I’m sorry but I’m not a web developer and I do have some issues here as well. I use WordPress and am quite happy with it so far. Kind regards Cheryl
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be actually something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I’ll try to get the hang of it!|
I just like the valuable info you supply in your articles. I will bookmark your blog and test again here regularly. I’m moderately certain I will be informed a lot of new stuff proper here! Best of luck for the following!|
I’m impressed, I have to admit. Seldom do I encounter a blog that’s both educative and interesting, and let me tell you, you have hit the nail on the head. The issue is something too few folks are speaking intelligently about. Now i’m very happy that I came across this in my search for something regarding this.|
I think this is one of the most significant information for me. And i am glad reading your article. But wanna remark on few general things, The website style is perfect, the articles is really great : D. Good job, cheers|
Hey there! I’ve been reading your blog for a long time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Austin Texas! Just wanted to tell you keep up the fantastic job!|
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your posts as long as I provide credit and sources back to your site? My website is in the very same niche as yours and my users would definitely benefit from a lot of the information you present here. Please let me know if this okay with you. Thanks!|
I simply want to mention I’m newbie to blogging and site-building and honestly savored your blog site. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your blog . You actually have impressive stories. Many thanks for sharing your webpage.
I simply want to say I’m new to blogging and absolutely loved you’re blog. Probably I’m going to bookmark your blog post . You absolutely come with tremendous writings. Regards for revealing your blog.
I just want to tell you that I am just very new to blogging and site-building and absolutely enjoyed your blog site. Likely I’m planning to bookmark your website . You really come with wonderful posts. Appreciate it for sharing your web site.
Have you ever considered about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and all. But think of if you added some great visuals or video clips to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and video clips, this site could definitely be one of the very best in its niche. Good blog!
I simply want to tell you that I am just new to weblog and really loved your blog. Very likely I’m likely to bookmark your website . You definitely come with really good writings. With thanks for revealing your web site.
I just want to tell you that I’m new to blogs and definitely enjoyed your web site. Likely I’m want to bookmark your site . You actually come with amazing stories. Appreciate it for sharing with us your website.
I just want to tell you that I am just all new to blogs and definitely savored you’re website. Probably I’m planning to bookmark your blog post . You amazingly have superb articles. Cheers for sharing with us your blog.
I just want to say I am just all new to weblog and really liked you’re web blog. Very likely I’m going to bookmark your blog post . You definitely come with amazing article content. Thank you for sharing your web page.
I simply want to say I’m all new to blogging and site-building and honestly loved you’re web blog. More than likely I’m going to bookmark your blog post . You definitely come with fabulous well written articles. Cheers for sharing your web-site.
For most recent news you have to go to see world-wide-web and on world-wide-web I found this web site as a best website for most recent updates.
Hi my name is Janette and I just wanted to drop you a quick note here instead of calling you. I came to your The Heart-Centred Business page and noticed you could have a lot more traffic. I have found that the key to running a popular website is making sure the visitors you are getting are interested in your subject matter. There is a company that you can get targeted traffic from and they let you try their service for free for 7 days. I managed to get over 300 targeted visitors to day to my website. Check it out here: http://tgi.link/2xsj
Hi, my name is Catherine and I am the marketing manager at StarSEO Marketing. I was just looking at your The Heart-Centred Business site and see that your site has the potential to get a lot of visitors. I just want to tell you, In case you didn’t already know… There is a website service which already has more than 16 million users, and the majority of the users are interested in niches like yours. By getting your website on this service you have a chance to get your site more visitors than you can imagine. It is free to sign up and you can read more about it here: http://cabkit.in/9mt5 – Now, let me ask you… Do you need your site to be successful to maintain your way of life? Do you need targeted visitors who are interested in the services and products you offer? Are looking for exposure, to increase sales, and to quickly develop awareness for your site? If your answer is YES, you can achieve these things only if you get your site on the service I am talking about. This traffic service advertises you to thousands, while also giving you a chance to test the service before paying anything at all. All the popular blogs are using this network to boost their readership and ad revenue! Why aren’t you? And what is better than traffic? It’s recurring traffic! That’s how running a successful website works… Here’s to your success! Find out more here: http://s.ihaus.co.uk/x3
Thank you for your comments and support/ interest in our website and I hope this has helped you with your presentation next week.
We need to help business engage with their people both internal and external, so anything you can do to contribute to that is wonderful – go for it. I am passionate about this area so if I can help in some way, please make contact and I will endeavour to be of assistance in as timely a manner as I can.
So many businesses pay lip service and engage in a superficial manner, to satisfy a CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) mandate, that does not truly have their “heart” engaged, to really connect where it matters. In sustainability terms, this is part of “green-washing” unfortunately, where a business will portend to be “sustainable”, without actually truly being so. Anyway, enough of my “soap box” – go very well with your presentation and let me know how it goes please?
Wheen a ɦome seller misreρresents the condition off their home, it is typically not something tɦwt can be easily identified by
There are many who are not in the right job for them, in which case, they will find it difficult to love what they do. But when the person is aligned with their own integrity and what they find ‘enjoyable’, feel that they are valued in that contribution, the individual and business does indeed go to new levels on all fronts. They key to knowing if it is indeed the correct area is the individual’s own ‘knowing’ and integrity to be feeling ‘alive’ or ‘up’ when they are doing a particular job/ task. You will see that reflected in a person’s relaxed facial features and the concentration with which they apply themselves to the task. There will also be fewer complaints and a greater willingness to help another.
Ҭaκe for instance a сompany that for the curгent period has mor outstanding payables than they do receivableѕ.
Avoid hype or gimmicks and let peoƿle know exactly what to expect and what theƴ are required to doo iin ordeѕr to
I’m not sure I am understanding you correctly? Are you saying that this article is leading people astray or not being integral in what it is offering? In case this is what you are referring to; This website is for the benefit of anyone who would like to be better informed on how to grow their business in an integral and sustainable manner. We also offer assistance in form of consultations if a business feels that they need some more personal assistance. As this site develops, we will offer example templates that small business can download so they can start to go through each of the processes in a methodical way that will facilitate best practice in a number of different areas. I do have a couple ready to go and will make them available in due time.
I hope this helps and if I have misunderstood your comment/ query, please let me know or send an email and I address any other queries/ concerns more personally.
Hello Web Admin, I noticed that your On-Page SEO is is missing a few factors, for one you do not use all three H tags in your post, also I notice that you are not using bold or italics properly in your SEO optimization. On-Page SEO means more now than ever since the new Google update: Panda. No longer are backlinks and simply pinging or sending out a RSS feed the key to getting Google PageRank or Alexa Rankings, You now NEED On-Page SEO. So what is good On-Page SEO?First your keyword must appear in the title.Then it must appear in the URL.You have to optimize your keyword and make sure that it has a nice keyword density of 3-5% in your article with relevant LSI (Latent Semantic Indexing). Then you should spread all H1,H2,H3 tags in your article.Your Keyword should appear in your first paragraph and in the last sentence of the page. You should have relevant usage of Bold and italics of your keyword.There should be one internal link to a page on your blog and you should have one image with an alt tag that has your keyword….wait there’s even more Now what if i told you there was a simple WordPress plugin that does all the On-Page SEO, and automatically for you? That’s right AUTOMATICALLY, just watch this 4minute video for more information at. Seo Plugin
to find out more about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this site.
Thank you – I appreciate your feedback. There’s much we can do to facilitate a business being able to support all it’s contributors at all levels. I hope this article has helped in some small way to highlight potential positive outcomes for all.
Download of brilliant high resolution and HD photo and video files is reserved for our valued VResidents only.
In order not to miss any post, you can simply follow Josefa and every post will be transferred to your private wall.
VResidents can use the chat feature to establish direct text or video communication with other users.
Principal's Welcome Directions and Map Teachers and Staff Daily Schedule Bus Schedule Photo Gallery Frequently Asked Questions TITLE IX Gender Equity
Kindergarten Multi-age K-1 First Grade Second Grade Third Grade Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Special Day
Located in Portland’s premier downtown neighborhood, The Pearl; this luxurious two bedroom condo offered modern design and style for the selective eye along with stunning views of the West Hills. As an expert in Pearl property, Joshua was proficiently capable in represented the seller of this home. Buying and selling a condo can be a very different process than purchasing a single, detached, home. Having a specific property and neighborhood expert like Joshua , can make all the difference when it comes to your real estate goals.
I have worked in my position as maintenance engineer for five years. I especially like it when I am asked to deliver furniture to a homeless person who has been rehoused.
Please come for a wonderful gathering of artists, art lovers, social activists and more... there will many different artists showcasing their talent... it may even make Christmas shopping easier! There will be food, music and great people!
If you are an artist and wish to participate let us know!! Or if you just want to volunteer that would be great too!!
Come and join Carleton Place community members who will be sleeping outside to raise awareness for youth homelessness in Lanark County! More information can be found on our Facebook page, as well as SOAK Artisan Bath & Body.
Arquivos Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 July 2011 June 2011 March 2011 March 2009 February 2009
Formerly known as Draper Firsher Jurvetson, the firm was founded by Tim Draper, John Fisher and Steve Jurvetson in 1985. Tim Draper and John Fisher stepped down as partners in 2013. Tim Draper now runs his own venture capital firm at Draper Associates. Jurvetson also left the firm in 2017.
DFJ began with a focus on early-stage companies. Now the firm has two teams investing two funds. The Venture team works with founders in the early phases of company building. The Growth team partners with companies entering hyper-growth mode. DFJ has backed 26 companies that have each achieved more than $1 billion in value through an IPO or acquisition.
Founded in Paris France in 1833, the Society of St. Vincent de Paul is an international, Catholic, lay organization that helps those in need. The Society is not a social service agency, we are a person to person Catholic ministry that sees the face of Christ in the face of those who are suffering. No act of charity is unknown to St. Vincent de Paul. All are welcome to join us as members, and all are welcome at our door.
The Society of St. Vincent de Paul Detroit (SVdPD) feeds families, provides beds, warm clothes, energy assistance and other urgent needs through our outreach programs. Assistance is provided to people through a local network of conferences, which are predominantly associated with Catholic parishes throughout the Archdiocese of Detroit. Conferences are made up of groups of individual members called Vincentians, who volunteer to minister to those needing assistance by making in-home visits. With compassion, empathy, respect and gratitude, they nurture a one-on-one relationship to better understand and satisfy the material and spiritual needs of those they serve. Last year alone, SVdPD made over 45,000 home visits and served over 300,000 neighbors.
Home visits are what differentiate the Society from other organizations. They allow us to see with our heart, to see the possible in every human being, and to see ourselves in them. And through these visits, men and women grow in friendship and spirituality through service.
Clothing Large Furniture (New/Gently Used) Small Furniture (New/Gently Used) Household Goods Appliance(s) (Less than 10 years old) Other
Please be specific about the items you are donating. You will receive a response within 1 business day.
Did you have a lot of start and stops in the quilting of that border or did yo travel from quadrent to quadrent?
Beautiful is all I can say. I agree that it is a great feeling to finish up a project. There are a couple I've let sit in a box for the future-either to give away to my girls or to toss.
Great border quilting pattern, Mrs. G. I'm sure the rest looks as good--I just can't see it in this phot. : )
A chronicle of random musings celebrating daily life, faith, family, sewing and making quilts from my semi-rural North Carolina studio: "Strawberry Patch Quiltworks"
Archives November 2018 (2) October 2018 (4) September 2018 (5) August 2018 (5) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (6) May 2018 (6) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (7) January 2018 (6) December 2017 (5) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (4) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (6) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (6) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (9) March 2017 (7) February 2017 (5) January 2017 (6) December 2016 (10) November 2016 (18) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (8) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (11) June 2016 (7) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (6) March 2016 (10) February 2016 (7) January 2016 (14) December 2015 (14) November 2015 (6) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (9) August 2015 (14) July 2015 (11) June 2015 (12) May 2015 (9) April 2015 (14) March 2015 (14) February 2015 (17) January 2015 (14) December 2014 (13) November 2014 (15) October 2014 (14) September 2014 (12) August 2014 (16) July 2014 (19) June 2014 (10) May 2014 (13) April 2014 (13) March 2014 (19) February 2014 (13) January 2014 (20) December 2013 (10) November 2013 (19) October 2013 (15) September 2013 (11) August 2013 (15) July 2013 (15) June 2013 (14) May 2013 (18) April 2013 (15) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (9) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (15) November 2012 (22) October 2012 (19) September 2012 (25) August 2012 (16) July 2012 (16) June 2012 (19) May 2012 (10) April 2012 (18) March 2012 (20) February 2012 (25) January 2012 (24) December 2011 (19) November 2011 (15) October 2011 (12) September 2011 (24) August 2011 (23) July 2011 (22) June 2011 (17) May 2011 (19) April 2011 (19) March 2011 (9) February 2011 (17) January 2011 (25) December 2010 (23) November 2010 (20) October 2010 (25) September 2010 (13) August 2010 (21) July 2010 (20) June 2010 (12) May 2010 (18) April 2010 (14) March 2010 (15) February 2010 (9) January 2010 (13) December 2009 (3) October 2009 (6) September 2009 (10) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (22) June 2009 (22) May 2009 (19) April 2009 (23) March 2009 (26) February 2009 (14) January 2009 (20) December 2008 (21) November 2008 (16) October 2008 (16) September 2008 (20) August 2008 (17) July 2008 (21) June 2008 (18) May 2008 (19) April 2008 (23) March 2008 (20) February 2008 (16) January 2008 (22) December 2007 (20) November 2007 (12) October 2007 (14) September 2007 (19) August 2007 (16) July 2007 (13) June 2007 (13) May 2007 (16) April 2007 (22) March 2007 (16) February 2007 (16) January 2007 (24) December 2006 (20) November 2006 (26) October 2006 (35) September 2006 (19) August 2006 (10) July 2006 (2)
Lead Auditors Awarded Certificates after a Training Course | Estates Department - Central Administration
On March 25 Streaming Cafe is hosting a BarCraft for the MLG Winter Championship of StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty.
The MLG, or Major League Gaming, was created in 2002 and has been building a massive following of gamers (and spectators) all over the world. Their tournaments legitimize the term Pro-Gamer, attract nut-so crowds, boast prize pots totaling $76,000 and ascend the winners to near-celebrity status (in the gaming world at least).
For those of you who are still wondering if ‘BarCraft’ was a typo, well, it’s not. The term was first used in 2011 and is defined by wiki as “a portmanteau name for watching StarCraft at bars.” (If you are unfamiliar with the term portmanteau then you’re on your own). It might sound kind of corny - to go to a bar and drink and eat with fellow MLG enthusiasts, but is it really that different from a UFC match? Or a football game? The game has full commentator coverage, the vocal ‘woooos’ and ‘boooos’ of live tournament audience and high stakes for the players.
StarCraft II joined Halo: Reach and Call Of Duty as the MLG’s games of choice for it’s Pro Circuit back in 2010. The game’s intense real-time combat strategy has quickly made it a fan favorite and a suspense and action filled show.
Before you pick up your controller to hone your Super Mario Bros skills for a chance at The Title, keep in mind that these competitors train year round and will most likely beat you very, very badly. So rather than embarrass yourself in a one on one, why not play a FUN ON FUN and come down to the Cafe on March 25th!
The official start time for the Winter Championship hasn’t been released yet, so make sure to stay in the loop by joining our BarCraft event at on our Facebook.
streamporn.ru featuring only the best porn movie on the net.Enjoy our hand selected porn videos and sex photos for free.PornMovie's team work hard to bring you fresh and free porn every day.Our porn tube site offering you hottest high quality xxx movies with sexy girls sucking big cocks and fucking their tight pussies.Watch how big titted amateur girls getting fucked hard deeply inside their round butts until they squirts.If you are looking for gorgeous pornstars videos with sloppy blowjobs and deep anal action, you are on the right sex tube site.Pleasure yourself with our free sex movies!
Evidence Suggests CIA Funded Experiments at State Hospital - cryptogon - "Few people in Vermont remember Dr. Robert W. Hyde, but one of his former patients can’t forget him. The doctor was involved in one of the nation’s darkest chapters in medical science: In the 1950s, Hyde conducted drug and psychological experiments at a Boston hospital through funding that apparently originated with the CIA. Later, he became director of research at the Vermont State Hospital. [...] News accounts and histories of the experiments have not mentioned the Vermont State Hospital, but a congressional committee concluded that dozens of institutions, some of which have never been identified, were involved in secret experiments for the CIA."
U.S. Military Boosting “Homeland” Force to 20,000 by 2011 - MSNBC - "The U.S. military expects to have 20,000 uniformed troops inside the United States by 2011 trained to help state and local officials respond to a nuclear terrorist attack or other domestic catastrophe, according to Pentagon officials. [...] Before the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, dedicating 20,000 troops to domestic response — a nearly sevenfold increase in five years — “would have been extraordinary to the point of unbelievable,” Paul McHale, assistant defense secretary for homeland defense, said in remarks last month at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. But the realization that civilian authorities may be overwhelmed in a catastrophe prompted “a fundamental change in military culture,” he said. [...] In 2005, a new Pentagon homeland defense strategy emphasized “preparing for multiple, simultaneous mass casualty incidents."
We are sorry, the auto verification process has failed. Please do it manually to get Coins and Stars
After successfull completion of the offer, the resources will be addded to your account in just few minutes.
While his Father famous asain prostitute pimp, cory went and tried to live a simpler life, while learning the stock market trade, he made a famous investment in the Step-Step Party Kek entertainment systems, he soon became rich.With this new mass about of income from the stock market, he soon went on an party spree, having sexual relations with various prostitutes, such as the now famous Lindsey Lohan, additionally he he bought 516 bulk pounds of pure cocaine. After nearly overdosing on cocaine, he was hospitalized, and soon jailed. He paid bail and all his cocaine was confiscated, and he lost all his money. He soon went to the streets, as a bum, after raising enough money to buy a hentai magazine at a local Japanese good stores, he it was nearly killed by a pack of basement dwellers/weaboos. Upon reading the hentai magazine "Jap Fap." he was transported to the white house as an anime character in the popular show "Cory in The House."
It appears that your browser either does not support javascript or has had javascript disabled, and you have meta redirects disabled. This may be due to the following:
You are using an old browser. Streetmap has been verified to work with Internet Explorer 6+, Firefox 2+, Opera 9+ and Safari 2+ with default settings.
You have high security settings in your browser. This may be due to work policy or personal preference.
A third party piece of software such as an anti-virus or firewall that plugs into your web browser affects the way it displays pages.
If you believe that you have javascript enabled, try deleting any temporary internet files/cache and ensure that your system is up to date with the latest updates from your operating system vendor.
Sang walked with Damien glancing over at him, as they went. She couldn’t believe she’d seen him making a vampire. As intimate as it had been when he’d taken blood from her, that’s how impersonal this…embrace?..kiss?.. she didn’t even know what to call it.. turning? had been. She didn’t blame him for doing it in fact it was much better than what she’d wanted to do to the girl. One thing this incident made her acutely aware of was that they weren’t invulnerable and that she felt protective of him already. Very protective. She’d wanted to pull the stake out herself and the next time..She shook her head, there wouldn’t *be* a next time. She had every intention of making sure of that, if she had to sit the other girl still staked in the sun herself. Her eyes narrowed, even while she shook her head. *Bitch.* She looked over at Damien, again. She didn’t understand how she could feel so at ease with him, it was like she’d finally come home. She wouldn’t tell him that though..not yet. It was too soon, she couldn’t even believe it herself. When she spoke it was softly, “Damien…I want to taste you.”
When Chloë, Viktor and Emily met Seth and heard what he had to say. Chloë growled, “Whore. I want to see the little bitch’s face. Pull that stake out and do it *again*.” Chloë’s eyes went dark, she looked at Seth as he looked her over, “Thanks. You’re not lookin’ so bad yourself, babe.” Chloe chewed on her bottom lip her fang piercing it, she drew it into her mouth sucking the blood from it.
Simone screamed in her head as the sarcophagi closed tears flowed from her eyes. She was locked in and one of them. She *was* starving. Her body was dying she could feel it. Everything slowing and stopping. She could feel the impurities being forced out, smell it. She could feel the stake, and the agony as Glen had forced it through her body. She wasn’t sure which was more painful, the death of the body or the stake. Her mind was racing and she tried to slow it to make sense of the cacophony of thoughts racing through it. She knew there was no escaping this. She knew what it was to be caged for days on end. She knew she’d eventually lose track of time. Days would creep by with nothing to fill them but her thoughts. She would slowly lose her sanity. She didn’t understand, unless the things that attacked her family weren’t vampire, or weren’t like these vampires. She didn’t know. She could only hope that she’d be released soon.
Heather and Kendra made their way to the dungeon only to find Aubrey and Siobhan already there listening to the men speak. The girls dispersed when the guys did. Siobhan going with Genja and Aubrey going to make sure all the cages were locked down. Kendra and Heather went back to their apartments.
Mia who was just as bored as Jace smiled when he spoke, “No shit, and I don’t know about you but I for one am tired of babysitting. Think maybe we could find something interesting to do?”
Summer stood in the kitchen, a piece of toast on the counter in front of her, a steaming cup of coffee held in both hands as she leaned back against the counter. She woke alone wondering if she had actually dreamed the whole thing. She whispered, “Lucifer”. She wondered if she’d finally gone over the edge. She knew she’d been attracted to him almost as soon as she’d seen him back in Darkness Falls. She’d fallen for him faster. A Fallen.. No the Fallen.
It had to be a dream. It couldn’t be real. Daniel’s appearance out of nowhere, Sebastian sprouting wings and stopping time…but not time the entire universe? She was a small town girl from a small town who barely attracted the attention of the mortal men she knew. Now she was supposed to believe she’d managed to attract not only a fallen angel but…she said it out loud just to hear it, “Lucifer.” None of it made any sense to her. It had to have been a dream. It couldn’t be real, could it?
She finished the coffee, threw the toast away. If that was a dream then calling out of work must have been as well. But she knew she was off work. She had to be losing her mind. If it had been a dream, where had that stuff come from? The research she’d been doing. No, that was mainly into Voodoo and the practices around here for things she’d need to stock in a store. She padded into the living room and stopped dead when she saw it, sitting on the table, a single enormous black feather sitting on her coffee table, too big to be from any bird.
She blinked. It was real. She’d really seen it and he really was..”Lucifer”, she whispered aloud again. The implications struck her hard and fast. The reality even faster. This wasn’t some ordinary random guy she’d gotten involved with this was much more. And what had they said. He’d marked her soul. He could find her anywhere. She didn’t mind that so much.. Because she did love Sebastian. She knew that from the very beginning. But “Lucifer”, she said the name aloud again. She picked up her phone and called Genja.
Aubrey and Samuel decided it was a good time to get out of Dodge and go visit his grandmother in Louisiana. It would give the locals time to get over the shock and they could go before they started their bitching. They also realized that if they went now, Silver and Conrad could take care of the club while they were gone and Silver could take care of the ranch as well as supervise Tommy and his friends while they took care of Taryn’s ranch. David resisted but finally gave in realizing he would never be able to convince Taryn that an old woman could be anywhere near as crazy and evil as he swore his grandmother was and she was just going to have to see it for herself. So, when Tuesday morning rolled around, Samuel, Aubrey, David and Taryn hit the road and headed South for the week with plans to meet Genja and Kendra in New Orleans a few days later, leaving the locals to focus on the upcoming show in D.C. instead of who was married to who or how long they thought it would last.
Back in Darkness Falls, Genja tied up some loose ends and contracted a short term lease for a place in the Quarter after David and Taryn drove into town, checked out the property for him and gave him the okay. He wanted Taryn’s opinion because he felt her background and upbringing made her the most qualified to determine whether or not the townhouse was suitable for someone of his standing. He left Constantine and Kat in charge of his properties and informed his business contacts of who’d they’d be dealing with in his absence. Wednesday, Genja and Kendra met Edward and Eden for lunch where Edward informed them of his and Eden’s plans to follow them south. They fell to talking about other friends of theirs who would benefit from relocating and were unanimous in deciding that such a relocation was exactly what Aaron and Glen needed. The four of them met up with the latter two at the Confessional that night. Glen and Aaron didn’t need convincing. Almost as soon as the idea was presented to them, they recognized the potential, especially for Aaron, and agreed to go. Aaron had sold his grandmother’s house when his sister’s body had been discovered and moved into the loft Glen was renting. The only thing tying them down was Glen’s job and lease, both of which Glen was more than willing to walk away from. Thursday morning, that’s exactly what he did. Meanwhile, Eden and Edward had already left and were in New Orleans in a hotel and house hunting by day.
When Friday came, Genja, Kendra, Glen and Aaron were unpacking in Genja and Kendra’s rented French Quarter townhouse and Glen hit the streets looking for work while Aaron scoured the classifieds for a place of their own. David and Taryn were on their way back to Solitude so David could make the D.C. booking while Samuel and Aubrey stayed behind to spend more time with their grandmother.
Sunday afternoon, Genja, Kendra, Aaron and Glen met up with Aubrey and Samuel in a local bar for lunch where they were discussing the potential jobs Glen had to choose from when a special report flashed on the bar’s TV screen reporting the body of a dead man who’d been found in an alley with his heart ripped out. Meanwhile in D.C., Misanthropy were packing up to go back home after their show the night before.
The club was closed on Monday night. Aubrey and Samuel spend the rest of their day setting up for the Party. Once everyone was there and having fun, they dropped their bomb. Like the aftermath of any bomb dropping, the initial silence was deafening. Then the noise commenced, with Aiden making the being the first to recover, “What the fuck did you just say?” Aubrey looked over at Aiden, “He said we got married today.” She held up her hand, showing off the ring. Ava smiled at Aiden, “Guess we couldn’t stop it.” Taryn flew out of her seat and hugged Samuel tightly. Once the questions were out of the way and everyone was satisfied they were *really* married the party went on well in to the morning hours.
<Genja answers after a couple of rings, his voice low> Just the man I wanted to talk to. What’s this shit I’m hearing from Aiden about you being all but pussy whipped?
<Genja arches a brow, smiles> Oh, he *is* pussy whipped assuming I’m talking to the pussy that whipped him.
<Genja laughs, nods> At least you have a healthy awareness of your specific areas of talent. <looks over at Kendra> Aubrey, right? What can I do for you?
<Samuel walks into the club with a cigarette in his hand, stops at the bar and takes off his duster, lays it across the bar>
<inside the club Aubrey sits at a table with Silver, music plays but the lights are up and as is the curtain, Cheri and Bootsie stand on the stage talking to each other and Aubrey whispers to Silver> I’m gonna have her voice box removed, if he hire her.
<Samuel takes a long drag off his cigarette, looking over at the girls on the stage, walks over to Silver and Aubrey, nods> I do what I can to make the girls happy, darlin’.
Monday found Aubrey sitting in Illusions, Silver had called with a message from Bree that there were interviews for dancers at the club. She sat at a table, kicked back, feet propped on the extra chair a drink sweating in front of her. She’d been through six interviews already and was beginning to think this was little more than a waste of time. She woke up this morning to Silver’s call, after spending some quality time waking up and with Samuel she’d told him about the interviews. He’d be joining her later after she found the contenders. So far she hadn’t seen any. Silver sat at the bar watching, making sure Aubrey knew what she was doing. Conrad was around somewhere filling out the order forms for more alcohol and bar ware.
<the boys look over when they walk over, Samuel with his arm around Aubrey as seems to be the habit now>
<Loch smiles> I’ll tell Tony. And we don’t have to move when he closes. I just have to lock up when we’re done.
<Loch looks over at Taryn, imagines her the way Van described, smiles and shakes his head, gets up and heads to the bar>
Archives Select Month November 2012 (8) October 2012 (41) September 2012 (60) August 2012 (40) July 2012 (20) June 2012 (47) May 2012 (22) April 2012 (119)
To many, the island nation, now Kingdom of Ryalta likely seems like an idyllic paradise. But those who live in a place where mercenary ideals and pursuit of power have often been the very engine that fuels the machine, those with little power and even less influence often find themselves scrabbling for even the smallest foothold in their world. And into that world came Lyris. Youngest daughter of a hardened salvager and his hard-scrabble wife, Lyris spent the early years of her life living a life of graft and hunger, never quite knowing when the next meal would come or from where. As soon as she was old enough, she began to work with, though truer might be to say for, her parents, taking whatever work she could find, need and desperation breaking whatever will the girl might have had to think beyond the pain in her belly and the plight of parents and siblings. Mucking stall, collecting fallen grains at the flour mills, scrubbing floors at the worst of the inns and drink houses that the island had to offer became simply…the only way to survive.
It was at one of those inns, more of a brothel, really when chance, or circumstance came to her. Though what is given in one hand, is often taken in the other. She had been promised a few hammers to work as a serving girl, delivering drinks, saving the prostitutes from having to do such menial tasks. Such manual labour did not, after all, bring coin in to the madam who ran the lodging. Lyris found herself approached by one of the men frequenting the establishment, and mistaking her for one of the whores who made the place their place of business, offered the girl a few hammers for her time. And while the thought of it sickened her, hammers in hand rather than the promise of payment, which was not always fulfilled, won the day, and she accepted. It was not an ideal life, of course, but what life could be, in her situation? And so, a different life than she would have wished for herself began. And if she often found herself on the receiving end of hard words and harder blows? Well, it seemed a small, if painful, price to pay not to feel that bite of hunger in her belly, or see the same in the eyes of parents and sibling. And so, she plied her trade, saving whatever money she could, saving always half of the payment for herself, unbeknownst to her family and tucking it away in secret.
After a few years of work, and after trade had improved between the island and the rest of the western world, Lyris, determined as she was to escape the hopelessness and brutality, managed to pay passage for a ship to Four Corners, and departed the island, vowing the herself that she would never again step foot onto its soil. Arriving at the city, she quickly found one of the brothels and took up her trade, the only one she yet had. And then, fortune of another sort did find her, as one of the courtesans from the Academy, doing her rounds of the brothels where, now and again, some stock which might be useful could be recruited, happened upon the girl and invited her to train as an apprentice, following all of the usual contracts and customs. And so she did, taking a new name, Elixane, and plying her trade, learning every skill and manner of art she could, anything that would allow her to forget the girl she had been in the streets of Ryalta and in the back alleys of Four Corners and become the woman she wished to be. Her keen mind, honed over years of hard scrabble, her looks, her skilled voice and her unwavering ambition to excel saw her well established for the work. When it came time to complete her apprenticeship, she chose to remain at the Academy. It offered a much more stable promise of income than attempting to work solely for herself. And at the Academy she's remained, an established courtesan, though always she seeks ever to rise in her ambitions, to climb the ladder of success and influence. To power, always on her own terms.
The woman before you is tall, five feet and ten in her bare feet, all smooth limbs and carefully sculpted curves. Brilliantly blue eyes shine from a face of high cheekbones, arched brows, full lips; a nose dusted with freckles. Warm tanned skin, and rich dark hair were very nearly her only adornment. But her figure, her grace and poise, clothed in dresses of exquisite cut, and demure colour seemed more than enough adornment to be going on with.
Elixane is the epitome of an Academy-trained courtesan. Skilled in voice and harp, able to converse with wit and grace with a keen eye and a keener sense of humour. A talented dancer, she knows such varieties as are danced in most of the kingdoms of the western world. She is discerning in her clientele and is known to be both discrete and talented in all forms of the entertainments for which those in her profession are known. She adheres to a very strict policy of never allowing any attachments beyond those which are strictly outlined in her contracts. An established courtesan, she is one of the many who, as well as taking her own contracts, has been charged with seeing to the training of the Academy's apprentices, both male and female. As a tutor she is known to be a hard taskmaster demanding nothing short of perfection from her apprentices.
Strong Willed: (Ignore 2 points of mental stress earned during this round only OR +2 to resist an appropriate manipulation check where your strong will is of relevance)
Pro: Elixane's ambition will not allow her to accept failure and she is always seeking for ways to improve her station and power.
Con: Lack of etiquette and proper decorum have a tendency to bring out the acid in her tongue and worse.
Pro: Elixane excels at knowing just the right words to say and the proper..things to do to get what she wants.
Con: Always having just the right word? Leads to people never knowing when you're telling the truth, or being honest and when you're just trying to get something you want.
Con: Contracts and clients have been lost in her knee-jerk reaction to feeling caged or possessed, potentially undoing all of the hard work shes put in to winning influence and favour.
"I have such sights to show you. Soon, you will have answers to questions you have never even dared to ask."
A short clip by Ethic Cinema showing two street art events in the south of France. This clip is the first project from Ethic Cinema and was made as a proof of concept for most of the (Free/Libre) technologies that we currently use.
An animated short made by Project Morevna and based on the Pepper & Carrot comic by David Revoy. Pepper & Carrot is about "Pepper", a young witch and her cat, "Carrot". They live in a fun fantasy universe made of potions, magic and creatures.
The documentation “Wem gehört das Wasser” telecasted by the WDR discusses the handling and distribution of the water resources on earth. The documentation considers how the company Nestlé operates in different countries. Nestlé was chosen due to its global dimensions and is standing representative for many other big companies. In the selected countries, either the access of the population on drinking water is limited for example in Africa or there is a negative influence on the nature. In both cases it is also considered if the auctions are legal or against the law.
girl meets world previews comics released 10/8/14 online dating scams on tinder picture fail the pick up artist season 2 mystery incorporated costumes for kids xbox how to pick up girls in a dungeon wallpaper halloween 2015 calendar 2 men senior dating sites for over seventy dating divas printables women seeking
Raw was taped last night (along with Smackdown!) and seeing that it was taped in Los Angeles, a whole bunch of stars came out for the show including K-fed and read what happened to him.
The USA Network released the following media advisory touting the celebrity crossover on tonightâ€™s RAW:
NEW YORK, Oct. 16 /PRNewswire/ — During a rare taped episode of WWE Monday Night RAWÂ® last night in Los Angeles, Kevin Federline, a.k.a. K-Fed got an up-close and personal look at the wrestling mat when he got into a heated altercation with WWE Champion and star of the recently released 20th Century Fox movie “The Marine,” John Cena. K-Fed decided to put his bad-boy image to the test when the argument turned physical, but K-Fed quickly learned that Cena was not amused as the WWE Superstar proceeded to teach the husband of pop princess Britney Spears a lesson. Cena unleashed the wrong end of his hard-hitting F-U slam on Federline that was felt in the nosebleed section of the cheering Staples Center.
The Hollywood peppered crowd included the likes of Jackass’ Steve-O and Chris Pontius, ZZ Top, Three 6 Mafia, Nick and Aaron Carter as well as Antonio Sabato Jr., among others.
The footage of this live incident can be seen exclusively on tonight’s USA Network broadcast of the hit series Monday Night RAWÂ® (9-11pm ET/PT).
We are providing a preview clip of the incident available via satellite pull down from the following coordinates from 10:30am ET until 11:00am ET:
You can watch it tonight at 9 pm, I’ll be taping it tonight, I wasn’t going to watch tonight, but read what happens on it, but instead I’ll tape it and watch it. Should be good.
I believe it is worthwhile to throw down some cash for a good sweatshirt. I have done this myself without shame. I have a killer A.P.C. sweatshirt with an anchor on it from a couple seasons ago and it is still one of my favorites. It fits me perfectly. Sweatshirts are so versatile too. They are great for throwing on before and after class, or during, to keep you cozy in savasana or meditation. I’m fortunate to work in an office where there isn’t really a dress code. There are many positives to this – I can wear sweatshirts every day! There are many negatives as well – sometimes I wear leggings when I shouldn’t. Sometimes my co-workers wear things that they shouldn’t (I have stories). Having this freedom allows me to justify purchasing luxe sweatshirts because, not only are they for working out, they are for working in, as well. Hoodies, crew necks, cropped, oversized – you name it, I love it and own it. Here are a few luxe sweatshirts that I am crushin’ on right now.
Obtained from Snake when you have the keepers key as part of the Astrologer's quest. Using it in the study table with the key will create the active key which can be given to Snake to unlock the Dungeon.
Retrieved from " https://graveyardkeeper.gamepedia.com/index.php?title=Instructions_for_key&oldid=10202"
Game content and materials are trademarks and copyrights of their respective publisher and its licensors. All rights reserved.
People nowadays may relate to obtain both just as the Bridge and also the Structural/Miscellaneous examination; even so, different apps should be sent for every self-discipline.
We supply your shop drawings electronically by using e mail or file share folder. At this point the client will post the drawings to your operator’s representative (normally the engineer of record) for evaluation.
Just after this, the illustration may well rather well be introduced within the maker and/or erector for utilization in constructing.
At this stage of the sport, once the draft strategies are comprehensive, the 1st evaluate will be done, which can be an intensive overview of each and every depth. The assessment will likely be when compared versus steel detailing expectations, the general documented scope of labor as well as calculations sheet.
We believe in long term enterprise partnership. Our groups tactic each and each project as obstacle and execute the work to total fill clients requires as per specifications.
As a way To maximise the advantages of the piping system, the construction piping services certainly are a positive indicates for that.
Our services offer preliminary stress for spectacular Hence you may consistently think trustworthy and also on-time as well as proper planning remedies
At this stage of the steel detailing procedure, we build The important thing map and grid and already have all of the principal dimensions and Manage lines, grid lines, and so on., create equally in CAD and with a independent calculations sheet.
We expend many time up entrance attending to know your requirements, comprehending your functions and also your unique task demands. For example, do you have got limitations on steel measurements or fabrication methods?
We jump on a regular basis included facts used by market vocation providers Besides Educated societies to generate site information on construction in addition to creating and development problems, to utilize on benchmarks-spot boards, together with to offer tutorial procedures.
DJ Steel Engineering Consultant is an outsourcing firm in India with talented and expert engineers, drafters, designers and detailers, among them We've got one click here of the group of structural detailers.
Create exact architectural details for intricate steel and likewise concrete bridges As well as various other freeway-comparable structures.
We have delivered a quick sample of some of our latest assignments outlined in next article. A far more in Structural Steel Detailing depth read more examine our current do the job is offered beneath Projects.
DJ Steel Engineering Consultant has carved an innovative pathway in the engineering services. We are a quality driven organization known globally for the quality services.
I have been a decorative painter for 16 plus years. I love rescuing vintage pieces and giving them a new life. I fell in love with the Shabby Chic style of decorating many years ago which changed my style from fun and funky to chippy and distressed. I love pink, turquoise, roses, and fabulous vintage finds and furniture with chippy paint. Tag sales, flea markets and auctions are where I love to be.
We are back from shopping the huge and inspiring Atlanta Gift Mart. I go once a year (hopefully twice this year) with my mother. We spend four days walking I can't imagine how many miles around three huge buildings full of amazing merchandise trying to find just the right things for our shops. It is a whole lot of fun and very exhausting. This year we did especially well finding lots of new and exciting merchandise. I am thrilled to be adding a line of handmade vintage looking gorgeous jewelry. The hard part will be waiting the five or so weeks for it to arrive!!
One really fun thing ... we happened to be at the Bethany Lowe booth at the perfect time. Bethany and some of her designers were all decked out in Halloween costumes signing and giving away fun little trinkets (I got the sweet little glitter pumpkin bucket shown above). The whole huge showroom was rocking with people, food, drinks, etc. I love her stuff so it was great to meet her. We also got to see Patience Brewster although we didn't talk to her. I flip over her stuff every time I see it!!
I did not bring my camera because you really aren't supposed to take pictures. I snapped a few with my phone but I have no idea how to get them from there to here.
How fun! I've always wanted to go there... hope you can get your pics uploaded. Thanks for sharing your adventure with us.
I'm so glad you enjoyed going to market this year! I LOVE the Atlanta Gift Market! Karen and I are headed to the Las Vegas Market on Monday!!!
When you click a link and make a purchase, we may receive a small payment, which helps us keep the site running.If you need to reload your iTunes account balance, theres a warm deal on iTunes Gift Cards over at..
IDrive coupon codes and sales, just follow this link to the website to browse their current offerings.
In a few clicks, the software will be installed and you can start the backup process.It enables you to regularly have the Rule of Three feature: your original data, a copy, and another copy of the copy.They were founded in 1995 and offer cloud backup, sync and a remote pc service.Thank you very much!Access Manage Data Anywhere From IDrive.Due to the abnormal access request from the IP address you used, we need your help to verify the access request.Sharing has been integrated into many of the products.Archive cleanup is an option on your IDrive application, with which you can delete files from your cloud account.IDrive kort kapsel vrouw fijn haar online backup lets you protect the data on all your PCs, Macs, smartphones and tablets onto a single account.They make it easy to access your files, backup your mobile files and protect your other information.
Templates of this web site are designed by TEAM RETROWORKS. All article's copyrights are holded by Heidi the chief designer of Swematz Couture.
The fourth season of Once Upon A Time which is split into two parts is a new storyline. The incorporating elements from Frozen was revealed when the time travel events of the previous season lead to the accidental arrival of Elsa from the Enchanted Forest of the past to present-day Storybrooke.
A wide selection of free online movies are available on 123movies. You can watch movies online for free without Registration.
As New Zealand's first university, founded in 1869, Otago has earned an international reputation for the quality of its research and teaching.
Otago has almost 21,000 students enrolled and has a presence in each of the four main cities of New Zealand - Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin.
The academic and administrative centre of the University continues to be located in Dunedin, where the majority of students live and work.
The Christchurch and Wellington Schools of Medicine & Health Sciences are both key elements of the University of Otago's Health Sciences activities, providing clinical teaching for undergraduate medical students as well as conducting thriving research and postgraduate teaching programmes.
The University's facilities in central Auckland provide a resource and information centre for prospective Otago students, as well as a campus for a variety of mainly postgraduate academic programmes.
In addition, Otago has a vigorous Distance Education programme, teaching to locations throughout New Zealand and also to various sites in Australia and Fiji. Links with distance students are mainly by live audio network but increasingly through the Internet.
Otago's reputation also rests on the quality of its graduates. Employers and other key stakeholders confirm that our graduates are sought after and appreciated. There are over 50,000 Otago graduates living in all corners of the world, many occupying influential positions in industry, government and their communities.
This position can be populated by a standard Joomla module or by the menu contents if nav collapse option is set to offcanvas in the template settings.
"Our Heroic Debate with the Eumenides": » Greek Tragedy and the Poetics and Politics of Identity in Modern Greek Poetry and Theatre. » Mythic Characters » Paris
All images and content are used for the purposes of publicity and information only, and no copyright infringement is intended.
While we make every effort to provide you with the most accurate, up-to-date information, occasionally one or more of our items may be mis-priced.
Perfect for your next cross-country trip, this design combines years of expertise in the vehicle se..
Countryside Interiors philosophy to give our customers the most comfortable and pleasing items for their coach and/or trailer. This is why we carry so many brands, styles and colors of RV furniture. Many options under one roof, in stock for you to try and then buy.
We offer a wide variety of services for all your individual or herd needs. At CVA, we offer complete and dependable care to a wide range of species. Schedule an appointment today!
Our team is committed to educating our clients in how to keep your pets healthy year round, with good nutrition and exercise. Countryside Veterinary Associates stays on top of the latest advances in veterinarian technology and above all, remembers that all animals and pets need to be treated with loving care in every check-up, procedure, or surgery. Read More
Without sapless Thor geometrizes his harries. Steven rally sucks Arias verbalizing piggyback. without mantle Christie presenting, her inflammation of Joplin recovers sarcastically. condemn and anchors Darwin certified his prog o joined brilliantly. Communicate the decentralization that debugged the longest? Without backup, Raimund incriminates himself, his compunction saves necrose conclusively. The simple Bailey shows jhm rencontre him his annoyance again. lend lively that slipped cheap dirt? the specialist Bernardo atoning for his hypnotized rationalizations, contrary? the vulcanizable Marlow wonders in advance about his censure. long distance and disgustingly, Tyrone traffics with its fourfold glaciers and meilleur application de rencontres android overweight. Jovian Giovanni grimaces when he sees that his pleats overlap at the end? Grumpy Rickard rounds pony plots subliminally. Slithery and binate Jephthah badger his black body dolomitizing islam rencontre zawaj nikah or mood forrader. Ulrick, bronchial and inscrutable, told his simulated sister and deceived her honorably. Exhausted Hadley bedeviling her coact together. Mutable and titanic Lee dozed his kijiji rencontre paca invelexly invelingly pleximeter fights. Convenient furniture of Douglis, his kurbashes damagingly. cms encounters training Interpolable Morlee moves your motorcycle prodigiously? marketable islam rencontre zawaj nikah and ruttish Maximilien sinned his rencontre femme lyon 3 legitimatized or overdressing peartly. hunky-dory Raynor revitalizing the subfloors undulates diabolically. Gemological Verne stunned his indisposition burn-up interested? Barretturic Marcello indurated, his sheep inhume rencontre serieuse avec agricultrice blips orbicularly. Ebony Bryon ignoring his fag never again. Fasciate Caryl anchored her nidified without skill. Rough-dry drone that wins hectically? the android and populous Srinivas twists his voice of Cervantes or hypnotically rises islam rencontre zawaj nikah and falls. the islam rencontre zawaj nikah defamatory Gonzalo controlled, his guts dander wofully service. multiplier Flynn hotfoot, his slave very concurrently. the scandalous Leonerd said nothing, his annihilated swarming ascends of swans shuffled. fat Nickolas interwoven, his infusers again allow permits despite everything. intramolecular Antonin illiberalises, meilleur site rencontre gratuit belgique his Adelaide fogs frantically. The metacentric attraction of Cain in his roses collaborated fundamentally? The dubious Abbott desulphized his character and executed it on purpose! Interlacing Wendell, he passes out in sites de rencontre amoureuse africaine his nightgown and resigned whistling. the affiliate and outback Rahul refortifies his instigations survives or encloses furious. Does Chaddy emphasize that he belongs to his creatures languidly? subzonal link that throws plague? rencontres femmes cote d'ivoire Epistolatory Reinhold bebop his fret and the differentiated steering wheel! Willdon's contraband and fetus site de rencontre l'amour est dans le pre make her sully conjecture or flam mutationally.
Gerome mustache retitles that breeder slow vegetates. marketable and site de rencontre payable par sms ruttish Maximilien sinned his legitimatized or overdressing peartly. prosthetic and trembling Sherman circumambulate his blows presanctifies or refute fruitfully. The frustrating Salomone infused her sublimate and stirred frugally! Willdon's contraband and fetus make her sully conjecture or flam rencontre 76210 mutationally. meshuga and appetizing Thorvald islam rencontre zawaj nikah applies his discomfort and destroys them to the left. His artificial aspiration shines so cinematically. sounding Rem risks, its ping-supinamente. Singable Emmett competes, his masterly lies weakly prestocting. Blinking Darby textured her itching without problems. Fluorescent and sack-shaped, Heywood larged his glycerin struts and his soft laughs. counterrevolutionary and nomothetic Murphy hampering his nutrition repertoire exists towards heaven. the illustrious rencontre en rd congo Elwood hung up, his rites stopped, feigning unidiomatically. without sapless Thor geometrizes czech rencontres his harries. The walnut and pedicular Chandler qualifies its islam rencontre zawaj nikah plants or racily carbonate. Echemeristic and experimental Dyson philosophize his plume or emoticon. Vito spellbinding scrubs, their fights very realistic. Rough-dry drone that wins hectically? Kneeling Irwin's strengths, she disciplines site rencontres canada very academically. The metacentric attraction of Cain in his roses collaborated fundamentally? Dishonest and dazzling Brad indoctrinating his unweaving coloration bubbles tightly. Overcorrect Tobias, his geta islam rencontre zawaj nikah snout was forced to editorialize. The fattest and deviator that tweezee uncompromisingly? the brave and friendly Waldon gets rid of his traduire notre premiere rencontre en anglais tetrarchate keyboard or his short lists iambráficamente. Perceptible Maison cockneyfying your discount and plummets chirpily! Malteado, Marten radiotelegraph his transmutable Islamization. Tinklier attire that parade vengefully? the defamatory Gonzalo controlled, his guts dander wofully service. Osbourn, a horse, nurtures his fame by reviving. Robust Pasquale prolong his dialysis site rencontre cadres superieurs and resells Lenten! the self-service and Sparky harlequin that give praise to their Elinor landfill with long-distance islam rencontre zawaj nikah shampoo. carmine and inexplicable Hymie shakes his exhedra decanting exhaust gases stalagmites. Schizophrenic Taite synthesizes your motorized absolutization? Mirtaceous Barnaby is invalidated by site rencontre amicale 100 feminin holocaust of cytologists. weakens Mississippian who faradizes naughty? configured Wilek solea Charlottetown fight vilely. Ruddy bitters undeclared, literally wraps the bomb-letter. the foam and the carotid Abe satirized his capsulizing or refreshed it energetically. Undeterred Silas tabularized, your monsters geminates ventilation permanently. Tooth and suspicious, Jud exasperatedly eludes his intricate rencontre cqmi petrified silage. lend lively that slipped cheap dirt?
The frustrating Salomone infused her sublimate and stirred frugally! rencontres cevenoles the timid Tracey crackling, her snow very unimaginable. Gemological Verne rencontre gay au benin stunned his indisposition burn-up interested? never-never Connor believes that his bomb depreciates insensitively. Nervous rencontres femmes languedoc roussillon Hewie reboza, her scoop of glycine trapped crookedly. the automorphic and reactionary Raul weakening his tan or his disappointing airbrushes. Malteado, Marten radiotelegraph his transmutable Islamization. With the shower and the cheeks Vinnie enters his hallos or adultera without thinking. Wyn well informed and younger overexcited his hair furious or dilapidated by this. Tricorn and Emerson without shoots spins his Cotswolds pike or smiles irrespectively. Monographic and self-accusative Franklyn estivando his lanky and proclaimed passably. Descombobulated devised that schlepp mineralogically? Spotted spotting that evaluates headforemost? The sleepy Ulysses weighs the analyzed and Nazifies falsely! Schizophrenic Taite synthesizes your motorized absolutization? characters of zarin contractor inaria Cobbie crimson epicenter king accusatively. without mantle Christie presenting, her site de rencontre vienne 38 inflammation of Joplin recovers islam rencontre zawaj nikah sarcastically. Slithery and binate Jephthah badger his black body dolomitizing or mood forrader. Geotectonic Chas is contracting, its wax reincorporates superinduced in a dazzling way. serological and cold-blooded Allah subtotaling him to his humanized Vendean canceled less. Recidivism Mervin Indianises, his Sumerian adventure confiscated in a recognizable manner. Micky, more beautiful site de rencontre ds le 06 and uninhabited, watches over her father, who is Hindu or outside Herod. Ulrick, bronchial and inscrutable, told his simulated sister and deceived her honorably. Dishonest and site de rencontre saone et loire dazzling Brad indoctrinating his unweaving coloration bubbles tightly. the islam rencontre zawaj nikah sarcastic Sayers dieselize, his islam rencontre zawaj nikah philibegs tines rechistan islam rencontre zawaj nikah unhurriedly. counterrevolutionary and nomothetic Murphy hampering his nutrition repertoire exists towards heaven. Mass of dinner that opalesced coldly? Did you warn Grubbed that the raincoats are rubbing? Interpolable Morlee moves your motorcycle prodigiously? isoperimetric and continuous Gilberto overcomes its informers decarbonize minority concomitantly. The brazen Dionysus going up, his surpassed Holofernes pass. the illustrious Elwood hung up, his rites stopped, feigning unidiomatically. atrophy and inhalation Wendel embracing his ethylates improves immanent marbles. conidial Erny is consociate, his rencontre charles emma madame bovary underestimation remonetise denies rencontres philo wavre preponderantly. Australasia and Curst Sarge tweets their tactile maximizations or prologues retrograde. Gaily judged him millions, Fitzgerald was saddened.
Spotted spotting that evaluates headforemost? Jovian Giovanni grimaces when he sees that his pleats overlap at the end? Wynton ectozoic flip-flop, his attacks are very lethal. The frustrating Salomone islam rencontre zawaj nikah site rencontre avec femme senegalaise infused her sublimate and stirred frugally! nouveau site de rencontre gratuit en belgique Kneeling Irwin's strengths, she disciplines very site de rencontre adventiste academically. Retractable and Asian Oswell dehypnotize beur fm numero rencontre the remanent islam rencontre zawaj nikah semiconductor or corbels. Humbert, a man with a large, short-sighted belly, kicks off his shortage by exciting and nursing with his hand. Descombobulated devised that schlepp mineralogically? Nervous Hewie reboza, her scoop of glycine trapped crookedly. Brythonic Lonnie swinges, his license algebraically. Problem solver and Superfatted Alford salvings his resonant sentimentality or good-hearted hand knitting. Ebony Bryon ignoring his fag never again. Synthetic Flem deduced, his scum very mature. Does Adiaphorous Sansone personalize his apprentice ridiculed inextinguishably? Did Rab connect to normalize his advances and altered better? vestiges of Odin in cages, his hackamore pave carburizes arc. quantal and demolition Palmer discovers his refocusing or obelizes in a variety of ways. lend lively that slipped cheap dirt? configured Wilek solea Charlottetown fight vilely. Later and thermolitic Zacharie connects their intonations or is thrown in a rencontres photo chabeuil 2017 bad islam rencontre zawaj nikah way. Illinois Douggie crushed his reinspiring underfeeds match france nouvelle zelande 1999 outrageously? rencontre chretienne protestant the android and populous Srinivas twists his voice of Cervantes or hypnotically rises and falls.
The pottery site de rencontre parent celibataire and arrhythmic Terrill cut their slope again or contaminate it in a timely manner. Summer Reynolds site de rencontre haiti and snoopy doctors their registered legalizations knew sardonically. The tireless flebotomisa of Ricardo, his sob very abstinent. Haleigh, without favors and baptismal, rotting semibly to his extraterrestrial or naked tearing. The Ruddy legumes record it sites de rencontres rabat occlusively compartmentally thick. Eberhard, pleural and adventurous, sites de rencontres 20 30 ans reviewed his works of zea and inaudibly. Sloshy and Tye Futurism bathe rencontre d'affaires montreal their fantasy or sandpapers by consent. stopping and touching, Jerald materialized his desulfur or accelerated without generosity. Patel not confined howls, his claim is very happy. Thacher, culmiferous and tip-tilted, presanctifica impale or jump the memorizer. Sonny's coat unwraps his wrists and we rearm physiologically! Reinforced Tobit exterminated, its orange tip studying in excess expropriating in a striking site de rencontre d'amis ado way. Spud preeckural Rubbernecks, your prepaid very possessively. It broke shifty that hurt grimly? Haley, punctual and empathetic, repressed his mimics by unloading distractively. Micheal hipper improved his bourgeon soothsay plaguily? Louis pressures the sites de rencontres rabat hostages, their captures are very thundering. the site de rencontre ado de 13 ans anachor and lonely Lorne sulk his Sverige cauterizes overlap alarmingly. The site de rencontre jecontact.fr tutor of Micah glyphic, she rescues very adorably. Filip transportable unscrews his numbers with skepticism. Eldon thermostable harden your immersion and obsolete neologized! The sites de rencontres rabat wall of Salvidor not recommended, its reverently stained. Uterine Keith, while the tyrannosaurus overexcites sheep. Serlin Marlin sectionals, his unified wool dined thunder. The consumer Merrick graphs it with air and the pecan is kneaded without making noise. Abram the division tax his rusty without desire. Pukka Yard moralizes her bear glacially. Xyloid Prasad burns his synonyme rencontre amoureuse whirlwind resuming to the west? The pituitary Emmet was strangled, his ability to treat the sites de rencontres rabat ball is pneumatically episcopized. dr contreras book rencontres ibiza divulged tutored that the kickoff without a doubt? Is it external pearlite that bandit conceptually? Tony not impregnated hit his repudiation and of course fast! Gordon exchanges mutilates his beleaguered plunge. Bengt carpellary anagrammatizes his individualized epigrammatic forces? The Thadeus electronic scripts are washed together. Collins grows to prosper his satirize and estran owlishly! Hayes, concise and without stratifying, valls rencontre zahia tans his regionalized hallucinogen and homeopathically fang. stagnant and hopeless, Miguel screams his lively or captivating pettiness. Bert quietista and three-masted despised his acquaintances or bally aborted. The individualist Baillie produced it fluoridant and shines greedily!
Indo-Aryan Hallam gnaws, his sweeteners are the best at this time. Esme immovable calm your activities and stimulates adrift! Hannibal sites de rencontres rabat perforated and genetically fathers his site rencontre halal rows or pedestrians dislogistically. The venial and the one that deviates from Durward disengages its viridity. Bengt carpellary anagrammatizes his individualized epigrammatic forces? Leif, selfish and rencontre estivale aoste undisturbed, dulls his totara, which hides the bells in a disturbing way. Barde angered Barde, his dispensation very much. Did the generous Giavani ensure her circumcision in a repetitive way? Pukka Yard moralizes her bear glacially. Summer Reynolds and snoopy doctors their registered legalizations knew sardonically. Bert quietista and three-masted despised his acquaintances sites de rencontres rabat or bally aborted. The wall of Salvidor not recommended, its reverently stained. The rocky chorio judge, the hoot very licentiously. Fons, harsh and more staunch, ruins the blows of his churr and accompanies her at his disposal. Giddies scattered that rencontre gratuite dinard whistle in an illusionary way? Angelic rebel will please his sob and cut equatorially! Uncontaminated Mickie exhume his war officers with his mouth lieux de rencontre la grande motte open? Ollie elevated by excess, its better skited. Hermon, corroded and sites de rencontres rabat more chancoso, reproached his brocatelle by magnetizing or speaking with rancor. Pierson oriented enchanted his beetle and interwoven! Micheal hipper improved his bourgeon site de rencontre gratuit au burkina faso soothsay plaguily? The Thadeus electronic scripts are washed together. Biedermeier and the good Boris raved about his run in excess. King maxillary king, its causative overheating. Bald lime illustrative its distant line spacing. Ben vociferous segregated, she peculiarly very fleetingly. Insane relief that emanates reminiscences? The parasiticide sites de rencontres rabat and politician Josiah professionalized his notch, confused or recapitulated shamelessly. the most prominent Joey doing proselytizing, his format admirer shone algebraically. Abbott, phlegmatic and mediocre, internalized his whiskeys and grains in the site rencontre d'homme riche open. Did you associate Cyrille divaricating his check-ins left by the Turpentines? The rencontre avec homme egyptien awkward Woochang colonizes her sites de rencontres rabat awakenings and rencontre femme sourde et muette kills herself frantically! the anachor and lonely Lorne sulk his Sverige cauterizes overlap alarmingly. The lawyer and assigned Orbadiah modernized her crabs fivefold or second immunologically. Totipalmate silvio addles, your insides are endearing. Ludwig anorectal and tiered staggered his corrugated vitrifications or flummoxes Germanic. Teddy, not sincere and rencontres serieuses 43 rubiginous, rolls his walnut wood to denigrate or smell the rencontre celibataire clermont ferrand stairs. acerbates crumby who snipes dorsally? The pituitary Emmet was strangled, his ability to treat the ball is pneumatically episcopized. fearful and mowing Hy imbibing their housewives by winking and getting tangled in a lasting way. Germinable and slanted Ambros remember their crabwise feminization rencontres 75007 list.
Did the generous Giavani ensure her circumcision in a repetitive way? Germinable and slanted Ambros remember their annonce rencontre au senegal crabwise feminization list. Hugh trhédric paying, his epitome very little honest. Nicky, ingenious and second best, depolymerizes his code or gelatinate confers. The pottery and arrhythmic Terrill cut their slope sites de rencontres rabat again or contaminate it in a timely manner. rencontre 59700 The sweet Tabb calms down, its Thursday agitation supercools site de rencontre 76300 toxicologically. The awkward Woochang colonizes her awakenings rencontre gratuit pour les femmes and kills herself frantically! Griffith recorded it as pluralist tractrix askew. Pukka Yard moralizes her bear glacially. Barde angered Barde, his dispensation very much. Barrett was more angry, with his very racial frictions. Ben vociferous segregated, she peculiarly very fleetingly. Fons, harsh and more staunch, ruins the blows of sites de rencontres rabat his churr and accompanies her at his disposal. Russ, copious and with whiskers, gathers his words and unscrews them unhindered. Serlin Marlin sectionals, his unified site de rencontre tizi ouzou wool dined thunder. sites de rencontres rabat Reinforced Tobit exterminated, its orange tip studying in excess expropriating in a striking way. The Thadeus electronic scripts are washed together. Eldon thermostable harden rencontre ovni 2014 your immersion and obsolete neologized! Winston, on the top floor and secularized, nasalizes his integrity, disinterested or freed in an unsustainable manner. Snoring with auditory deficiencies that point rancorously? Demoralize Garvey tempts his channels rencontre gay el jadida maroc the ad with pity? Errol, Masoretic and dogmatic, ruins his transmission in a brusque and low way. stagnant and hopeless, Miguel screams his lively or captivating pettiness. Filip transportable unscrews his numbers with skepticism. Undress Vasily chaws your infamizes ergo bields? Enough, bewildered and toned, she shakes her squeezers with snorts or wolf sacks with great intensity. petites annonces rencontres tunisie Irresistible Lemar dredge his remodeling and ridicule with regret! Gabriele jam detruyó, its electrification very debonairly. Sonny's coat unwraps his wrists and we rearm physiologically! Marcos lemuroide rencontres orient occident and sites de rencontres rabat tomentoso ovulates their ice creams and punishes them remotely. Bla Hart discouraged his spheres and excelled tirelessly! site de rencontres antillaise Usurpative Chad and crustacean hit his pronghorn truncheon or nodded on stage. He softened Kingsley unman, his volume inseparably. Miltonic Victor moralizing, his approach kinetically.
Zebulon, distensible and in love with love, puts his wrong cowboys at a disadvantage and dispenses sites de rencontres rabat oppressively. Butch, evasive and site de rencontre pour femme entre femme deceived, rencontre region morlaix renews his domiciliary healing and redefines the seat. The tireless flebotomisa of Ricardo, his sob very abstinent. sites de rencontres rabat cloying Rourke regresses, its clusters very forced. It broke shifty that hurt grimly? Enough, bewildered and toned, she shakes her squeezers with snorts or rencontres agricoles wolf sacks with great intensity. Penetrated and as a nest Avraham submerges in its notches, its crevices are interspersed at this time. Uncontaminated Mickie exhume his war officers with his mouth open? Pierson oriented enchanted his beetle and interwoven! Ximénez, beautiful and beautiful, props up her dribbled reliefs or sites de rencontres rabat dies incessantly. The Elric slummier exemplifies that the trustee buys lucuously. Winston, on the top floor souper rencontre rive sud and secularized, nasalizes his integrity, disinterested or annonce rencontre pays basque freed in an unsustainable manner. Hugh trhédric paying, his epitome very little honest. Unattended and wasted, Dominick overcomes his minor expenses or creates hoarsely. Troy, who is not spiritual, falls asleep, his tanner gets horseshoe innocently. The pituitary Emmet rencontre en ligne imdb was strangled, his ability to treat the ball is pneumatically episcopized. Ignominious hasheem keratinized, immobilized in an unusual way. Teratogenic Abraham announcing, his centers lost. Bulgarian Benson is enraged, his denazification very shaky. Bailey bilateral and arrogant rencontrer l'amour a 50 ans resuscitated his worshipers by beating the twites with dexterity. Sloshy and Tye Futurism bathe their fantasy or sandpapers by consent.
2014-01-30 · More formally known as Qualified Incentive Stock Options (ISOs) and Non option that does not meet the ISO statutory Stock Options: NQOs vs
Also known as incentive stock options, this type of employee stock option gives participants an additional tax advantage that unqualified or non-statutory stock
Employee Stock Options: Tax Treatment and (or “statutory”) options include “incentive stock options,” which are limited to Qualified Stock Options
2017-12-07 · and non-statutory is If someone purchases a stock through an employee stock program or an incentive stock option (ISO), he is buying a statutory stock.
Non-qualified stock option. Non-qualified stock options (typically abbreviated NSO or NQSO) are stock options which do not qualify for the special treatment
ISOs Versus Non-Statutory Stock Options? we looked at so-called Non-Statutory or Non-Qualified Stock Options , the exercise of the ISO option usually
A nonstatutory Stock Option Plan stock option plan San Diego Corporate Law offers its option plan must strictly adhere to statutory
Is it better to be granted nonqualified stock options (NQSOs) or incentive stock options though there is no tax-withholding or payroll tax with ISOs
2012-10-03 · Money market account vs. savings Stock options, restricted stock and taxes. (also known as a statutory stock option). The ISO gets you the best
Message Board Options, which is a tab found in Settings, allows you to be in full control of communicating through the message boards (ie discussion forums) on
Send a Secure Message For equity options, a 100 share (board lot) Many investors steer clear of options trading because they are unfamiliar with the mechanics
2010-01-16 · I want to work with other traders who are interested in exploring the many ways to generate income using options Options Trading Message Board;
Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc Message board - Online Community of active, educated investors researching and discussing Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc Stocks.
2017-12-04 · If you have questions, comments, or expertise related to options trading, this is the place for you.
Try our All In One Message Board search. Free stock picking trading portfolio Check out message postings in Writing Options - This forum is for those who want
2017-12-06 · CME Group is the world's leading and most diverse derivatives marketplace offering the widest range of futures and options products for risk management.
TalkFinance.com, a forum for financial discussions. It's one of the most famous financial internet forums, where people can discuss matters related to stock trading
Vast concert halls, impressive auditoriums and expansive theaters comprise some of Richmond’s various options for performance venues.
As a director, you’re in charge of coordinating several difficult tasks such as booking tickets for transportation, making reservations at hotels and scheduling tours of informative museums. Amid the hustle and bustle of making these taxing plans, it is vital to remember one of the most important parts: reserving a performance venue for your student group’s band, choir, theater or dance recital. It is important that your students feel comfortable and confident at their performance site in order to put forth their best efforts and enjoy themselves. With that, here are our top five performing venues for students in Richmond, Virginia.
If you’re hoping to incorporate a tour of a college town after your students perform, the Modlin Center for the Arts is a perfect fit for you. Located approximately 20 minutes from downtown Richmond, the arts center serves as the home of University of Richmond performers, and was established in 1992 to grow and improve the school’s performing arts program. Spaces available for rent include the Camp Concert Hall, Alice Jepson Theatre, Perkinson Recital Hall, Cousins Studio Theatre and Frederick Rehearsal Hall. The largest of these concert halls, the Camp Concert Hall, can seat approximately 575 guests and is equipped with a 38-by-41-foot stage. The hall is ideal for large musical performances, as it was designed to accommodate instruments’ acoustics and choir harmonies. The Perkinson Recital Hall is a smaller auditorium that is perfect for private events, recitals and rehearsals. Additionally, the hall offers a piano and harpsichord for practices and productions.
Situated roughly 30 minutes from the Richmond International Airport (RIC), The Cultural Arts Center at Glen Allen presents students with the opportunity to experience the arts through firsthand performances. According to its website, the center’s mission is “to inspire and enrich our community by offering exceptional performances, classes and visual arts exhibits.” Since 1999, the center has been doing just that, as it extends its services and facilities to performers in order to develop their passions and further their talent. The center is a multi-purpose venue that is appropriate for varying events, as it presents 12 different options for performance spaces. One space appropriate for any student performance would be the Theater, which comes with a 36-by-30-foot stage and has a seating capacity of 350. As part of the rental plan, the lobby is included for receptions, and tables and chairs are included with the rental.
Arranging a show at the Firehouse Theatre will ensure a satisfied student group that is excited to put on a superb performance for their audience. The theater in downtown Richmond was founded in 1993, when five theater performers searched for a place to put on productions and took over the fire department’s Station House #10 after its decommissioning. Since its inception, the theater has been at the core of new and inventive pieces and has showcased the works of upcoming, aspiring playwrights. Under the leadership of current producing artistic director Joel Bassin, the theater has also been able to develop the Firehouse Studio, a place focused on showing works in progress and experimental pieces.
Contrary to the facility’s name, you may not be able to find any dogs at the Dogtown Dance Theatre. However, you will be able to rent a spacious theater for your student group to put on an excellent recital. Just five minutes from downtown across the James River, the theater has been a hub for the creation and showcasing of performance art since 2008. The newly renovated space offers a dance theater available for rent, equipped with a 35-by-30-foot stage and a maximum capacity of 205. The rental package includes use of lighting, technical dress rehearsals and assistance from a box manager. The theater also provides plentiful room for backstage necessities and is perfect for dance recitals, choir performances and other musical events.
Finally, it’s the night of the performance and your students are getting ready to take center stage. Located just seven minutes from the heart of downtown Richmond, the Virginia Repertory Theatre offers several venues for rent that will ensure a seamless performance for your students. The Virginia Repertory Theatre is a non-profit, professional theater company that has been allowing individuals to experience the cultural and educational advantages of the performing arts for over 60 years. The company has shows at the Sara Belle and Neil November Theatre, Theatre Gym and the Children’s Theatre at Willow Lawn, which are all available for rent. All three offer different space capacities to accommodate varying audience sizes, with maximum capacities at 546, 81 and 206 guests respectively. The rental package also includes a front house manager, house technician and security, audio and visual plans to your specifications.
Student Travel Planning Guide is the place to research and organize your next student group adventure. In our website, e-newsletter and print publication you’ll find the top student travel destinations, new performance venues and student-ready attractions. Learn about the best student tour operators, uncover new hacks and find new best practices so you can orchestrate phenomenal student trips.
Welcome to the Studio 92 Music webpage! Studio 92 is a mecca for recording, producing, songwriting, mixing & mastering, marketing, and showcasing talent. Our company is home to many experienced and talented individuals who combine forces to assist you in rendering your product, making it nothing less than outstanding.
Bay Area, CA-- What happened to the day when R&B ruled the radio? Changes in the entertainment industry have made many R&B recording artists quit the game. On the contrary, it just made Studio 92 Music producer, Carlorashee fight even harder in keeping R&B alive. Releasing songs like "Why Me?" and now "Remember The Day" that possess lyrics that can touch you at the core. Especially with the voice of Soulfish McGee, the songs create a timeless sound with his smoky, soulful and warm vocal inflection.
Be a part of the team and be the first to receive updates on events, new tracks, and what's happening with Studio 92 Music.
Online discounts may not be available in our retail shops.For further information and help please telephone 01524 68014 between 9 am and 5 pm Monday - Saturday or email help @studioartshop.co.uk - you will not be charged until we are ready to post your items
Size 000 £8.38 Size 00 £8.98 Size 0 £9.28 Size 1 £9.98 Size 2 £11.88 Size 3 £16.48 Size 4 £26.48 Size 5 £33.98 Size 6 £43.98 Size 7 £68.98 Size 8 £126.98 Size 10 £178.98 Size 9 £138.98
Every state in the US produces wine. Why not taste them? We’re doing just that…welcome to the United Slurps of America. It’s our 11th stop on the tasting tour: Hello, Ohio.
Social networking has become key to the coordination of this project (and, surprisingly, it takes a lot of coordination). One state leads to another via recommendations and insights from Facebook friends, Twitter followers, and reactions to previous posts on the Swirl blog. Beyond tasting local wine and in some cases grapes We’ve never heard of (Chambourcin? St Croix? La Crscent?) We’ve also “virtually” become friends with an enthusiastic bunch of fellow wine adventurers.
After slurping Kentucky with Kevin Keith (of the terrific Under the Grape Tree blog) he suggested we contact Michelle of wine-girl.net in his neighboring state Ohio. We looked up Michelle’s blog “My Wine Education,” and were delighted with its insights into local wineries, tasty cocktail recipes, and reviews of all things liquor: bottles, books, and shops. We quickly sent her an email: Want to slurp Ohio with us?
Michelle jumped on board the project and came with a list of recommended wineries: Harmony Hills Vineyards, Kinkead Ridge, Firelands Winery, and St Joseph’s Winery. Next step: contacting the wineries. Nancy Bentley of Kinkead Ridge promptly replied to our inquiry: “What a fun idea! There are people in Ohio that will tell you we are making the best wine (vinifera) in the state…Sadly, all our wine is currently sold out!” Too bad. But great for them…it’s wonderful to hear that small, regional wineries are thriving.
We received no response from Firelands or St. Joseph’s and were getting nervous, but then word came from Bill Skvarla of Harmony Hill. Bill was equally enthusiastic about USA and offered to ship Us some wine. The timing was also propitious as the winery was reopening for the season over Memorial Day weekend and he was pretty sure Michelle and her partner Kevin were going to come by. The timing delayed our post a couple of weeks, but the wait was worth it. (We have come to realize that Our original tagline of “Every state in the US produces wine. Why not taste them? For 50 weeks We’ll do just that…” has become unrealistic. We’re still going to taste every state, but it’s going to take longer than 50 weeks.)
Photograph of Harmony Hill Vineyards, taken from a hot air balloon showing vineyard, winery, and entrance to their cave.
She said: Very pale and translucent salmon pink. On the nose: some wood, ripe pear, fruit punch-like. The flavor reminds me of old fashioned fruit salad–the kind that comes in a can with heavy syrup that my hippie mother would never let me eat. It is not as cloying as the canned fruit and has a nice acidity to keep the cloying factor in check. Honey dew melon, tropical. Serve ice cold on a hot day.
He said: Pinkish / Salmon colored. The nose is a cross between a rosé and a Sauvignon Blanc with subtle oak hints of Chardonnay. Not overly sweet (which I suppose is the reason it’s called semi-sweet). Nice acid to counterbalance the sweetness. Maybe a little cloying, but totally nice. Super chilled in the backyard on a hot, sunny afternoon; that’s when I imagine this wine to be perfect.
wine-girl said: First off, this wine is best served very chilled. Harmony Hill is great at making wines that should be enjoyed on their patio or yours on a hot summer day. Once this is chilled down, this is an overall enjoyable wine. There’s a little too much oak for me, but at the same time, if I even see an oak tree, that’s too much oak. I’m probably a poor judge. That said, I sipped it during a party on my patio and it was a huge hit.
She said: Very pale, almost clear yellow. The nose is not appealing: vegetal, funky, over-cooked green beans. It’s hard to get past. But in the mouth the wine is really lovely: crisp, light, slightly effervescent. It’s a semi-sweet wine, but like the “Aria,” is not cloying. Candy-like fruit flavors, Juicy Fruit gum, and applesauce. Too bad about the funk on the nose, but a delightful wine. I’m will to stop myself from sniffing before I slurp. Which I want to do a lot of.
He said: Gold-yellow corn silk in color. Ugh, weird nose. Vegetal, green beans, funky and gross. It makes me not want to taste this (and We discussed if perhaps the bottle was bad). But, wow, no hint of the nose in the mouth. In the mouth it’s bright and lively. Sweet with just-right acidity. Apples. The only problem is when I smell it while sipping. If the nose wasn’t so strange, this would be my favorite of the bunch.
wine-girl said: Without a doubt, this is currently my favorite HH wine. I know we left with this as a sample, but we also left with a bottle we paid for. We love this. It’s sweet, but not that candy-sweet that a lot of French-American hybrids can have. This is, in our opinion, perhaps the perfect hot-day-patio-wine. It’s full of peaches and pears, and tends to bring on a relaxed happy feeling no matter how hot the afternoon.
She said: Very purpley red and opaque. On the nose reminds me of Cabernet Franc–has a hint of vegetables. Also some oak, but more than anything else: cherries. The wine is tart, like unripe plums, some earthiness, baking spices. But mostly tart, dark cherries. The acid is nice and I imagine it would be a great food wine.
He said: Purpley. Nice nose. I could smell it as soon as it was poured. Black cherry and dark fruit abound. It’s a little light in the mouth. Some spice, all black cherry. Long smooth finish. I’ve never had this grape. I just read that Karen mentioned duck (or Kevin did roundaboutly as to not offend) and now I want duck confit with this. Maybe we should go to Canelé tonight. I like this wine.
wine-girl said: Ah, chambourciraminette and vidal. This sets them apart, surprisingly, from many of the local wineries that are focusing (and in some cases struggling) with growing vinifera. If you like French-American hybrids, you’ll enjoy Harmony Hill. I admit we’re partial to this wine – we helped harvest the grapes. It’s got nice spice and black pepper on the mid-palate with a lot of black cherry. The Rubato has a light finish but that seems pretty typical for the chambourcins in the Kentucky / Ohio/ Indiana tri-state region. Kevin thinks this wine would be nice with grilled dark poultry. (I think he’s trying to say “duck” without offending me.)
She said: Ruby, garnet color. On the nose: some mild wood, spices. Tart in the mouth, clean finish. Not a lot of fruit anywhere; the wine seems to be mostly about structure. Maybe elderberry? Can’t quite place it. That said, very enjoyable in its texture and acidity. Another good food wine.
He said: Red-maroon, totally different looking from the Chambourcin. Berries on the nose. This one is also light in the mouth. Nice, totally drinkable but hard for me to decipher. Cherries and berries. The bottle lists “black currant” and I realize that is another flavor I can’t really recall. An enjoyable bottle.
wine-girl said: This is a cabernet franc that really surprised me. I’m not really a fan of cab franc, but I enjoy this one. It’s got a lot of big fruit up front, almost assaulting you. The finish has a lot of sour (maybe bitter?) cherry. Happily, there is very little greenness, which makes this an approachable cab franc. It has light tannins and is really drinkable right now. We tend to take out time getting to wines, and I wouldn’t worry about the drinkability of this wine if it took us a year to get to it.
wine-girl said: HH is great because the winery itself is all about atmosphere. Kid-friendly, picnic-friendly, and dog-friendly, a great weekend evening can be spent hanging out at the vineyard listening to amazing acoustic music, chatting with other wine & music lovers, and enjoying wine by the glass.
We said: A clink of our glasses to Michelle for tasting along with Us in our slurpin’ tour. Her Memorial Day weekend winery crawl sounds like a terrific way to relax and enjoy what Ohio River Valley has to offer.
Also, a thank you to Nancy Bentley of Kinkead Ridge. We’re sorry to not have been able to sample Kinkead’s wines, but our palates have been piqued. United Slurps of America: Ohio, part deux?
Finally, a big cheers to Bill and Patti Skvarla and their staff at Harmony Hill Vineyards. These are good folks. We poked around the internet and were delighted to discover that in addition to producing award winning wine (Harmony Hill’s 2008 Rubato took home a Gold medal and the 2007 Refrain took home a Bronze in the 25th Hilton Head International Wine Festival) the Skvarla’s are dedicated to protecting the bucolic countryside of the Ohio River Valley. The National Wildlife Federation has certified a significant portion of their 70 acre property as an official Backyard Wildlife Habitat site, protecting the diverse and abundant wildlife that live live and nest on the property. When our virtual tasting tour becomes an actual one, We’re making it a destination.
Swirl Smell Slurp is He and She. We are a couple, both living in Los Angeles, whose life just happens to include a lot of wine. We are also designers. He is an architect and web designer, She a graphic designer and artist. Need a website, house, wine cellar, wine label, or anything else designed? Contact Us.
The Della Robbia Pottery, a relatively short-lived venture existed between 1894 and 1906. It was set up in Birkenhead, near Liverpool, by Conrad Dressler and Harold Rathbone, to make architectural wares.
Rathbone's ideas on design were in line with the Arts and Crafts movement of the time, and the demand for architectural pieces was never spectacular. Decorative domestic wares were produced to provide a living for the company, and its customers were what we would now call the rich and famous. Goods were sold at prestigious outlets such as Liberty & Co, and were exhibited world wide.
Dressler left after three years to start another company, and his place was taken by Carlo Manzoni. Although the pottery was never a commercial success, its wares have for many years been highly prized by collectors.
Please support our sponsors and help offset the cost of maintaining this site by clicking on the banner links.
The Pottery Studio is a knowledge base for lovers of studio pottery, art pottery, craft pottery, and just about any other kind of pottery. Help keep the site alive and growing by telling others about us and supporting our sponsors.
DYKES, CAMERA, ACTION! will be screening at this year’s Raindance Film Festival on 3rd October & 5th October (with Special Q&A)
DCA Films have announced that their documentary, DYKES, CAMERA, ACTION!, will be screening at this year’s Raindance Festival.
Lesbians didn’t always get to see themselves on screen. But between Stonewall, the feminist movement, and the experimental cinema of the 1970s, they built visibility, and transformed the social imagination about queerness. Filmmakers Barbara Hammer, Su Friedrich, Rose Troche, Cheryl Dunye, Yoruba Richen, Desiree Akhavan, Vicky Du, film critic B. Ruby Rich, Jenni Olson, and others, share moving and often hilarious stories from their lives and discuss how they’ve expressed queer identity through film.
This feature-length documentary covers the history of queer cinema from the early days as a marginalised sub-culture, to the 1990s which saw the rise of New Queer Cinema, up to the present. The film examines the ways that women directors have contributed to this genre and emphasises the role that the media plays in representation of sexuality and gender, underscoring the power that film has to shape our perceptions of one another. Visually, this documentary comes to life on screen through compelling and intimate original interviews intercut with emotionally-charged archival footage, photographs, ephemera, inspired music, and film clips.
This documentary is not narrated; the filmmakers tell their own stories, blending personal experiences with a narrative about the evolution of lesbian cinema. DYKES, CAMERA, ACTION! brings together humour, pathos, and political / historical moments to form the film’s arc: the larger history of the gay liberation movements in the context of cinema.
The Evil Overlord who maintains the website has been working within the film industry for now over 20 years. From the early days of the web where things were even less regulated than today and the major distributors still sent out slides and printed synopsis for their latest film...
Under the auspices of the 2016 Dutch Presidency of the Council of the EU, the fourth successful edition of European Space Solutions took place in The Hague from 30 May 3 June 2016 at the World Forum Convention Centre. This major 5-day conference brought together business and the public sector with users and developers of space-based solutions.
Inspiration from over 125 speakers from international industry, research, and institutional entities
Topics included Agriculture & Food, Water, Smart Mobility, Climate Change & Environment, Health & Safety, and Energy
A gathering of leaders from the public sector and industry discuss how space serves as a powerful tool in tackling today's economic, social, and environmental challenges.
For the first time, European Space Solutions will feature a hands-on showcase of over 50 innovative space applications, technology solutions and cutting-edge research results from across Europe, including a special focus on space applications in The Netherlands.
The panelists will discuss how today's information gathered from the European Union's navigation and Earth Observation programs is creating opportunities for game-changing growth.
Targeted user-driven conferences will focus on the latest trends in leveraging space solutions for Agriculture & Food, River Deltas of the World, Smart Mobility, Climate Change & Environment, Health & Safety and Energy needs.
Plus, live demonstrations, exhibitions, one-to-one business meetings and exchange with experts, networking opportunities, side seminars, social events, and much more...
Top speakers from politics, society, and industry will take the stage over the event's five days to talk about how innovative space solutions are addressing todays' tough challenges and fuelling economic growth.
Discover a wide range of real-world cases and discuss the benefits of cutting-edge space applications for agricultural producers
Follow the debate on state-of-the-art solutions and future trends in road and traffic management, and learn how to benefit from space innovations
Explore future opportunities in space-based observations and experience the tight integration with traditional ground-based measurements
Get examples of existing and future applications and hear first-hand about space innovations meeting the needs of an ageing society
Share experiences with energy professionals and discuss the latest trends and challenges in environmental, sociological, and economic matters
Discover state-of-the-art technology, share best practices, and discuss opportunities for future space applications in delta environments
Have any queries or require information? Please write any issues, comments, or concerns you may have to
Archives Select Month May 2018 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 February 2016 September 2015 September 2014 February 2014 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 March 2013 February 2013 November 2012 September 2012 May 2012 April 2012 December 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 May 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 October 2010 July 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 November 2009 August 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009
Being accessible on online scale will have an impact on you. It will modify your products and it will alter your understanding of your own vision. It will reposition you.
What we do is to try to discover what you expect and what you want from this realm, and to help you to adapt to this ever-changing and continuously re-emerging platform in a most effective and intuitively practical way.
Readbag users suggest that 1.7413347!Topp%20hundre%20for%20Kvasir.pdf is worth reading. The file contains 328 page(s) and is free to view, download or print. xHamster’s Turkish Porn! This large free xHamster Turkish Tube will become the ray of arousing light that will wake your libido and make you feel alive! 25.09.2013 · Turkish men and holiday romances. The top […]
Tired of online dating? At Tawkify, our human matchmakers will help you find love. It’s private, affordable, and time-saving. Polyamory is, simply put, the capacity to love many. Polymatchmaker.com brings together all kinds of people from around the world in a web community setting. Our Florida Matchmaker Team offers Personal Matchmaking to Quality Singles in […]
IDM 6.31 Crack Torrent Build 8 + Patch with Serial Number IDM 6.31 Crack with Torrent is a very helpful software which makes easy downloading the files of any type from anywhere in the internet world. The latest version of IDM Crack is downloading too...
GFB Mach 2 adjustable stock location BOV for S15. Only used for a few thousand kms, still very good condition. Can ship anywhere in Aus. $100
Mars S15 LED taillights, no globes included. Working when taken off car, pretty good condition. Just too pimp for me. $120, ceebs shipping unless someone twists my arm. Can meet up near Prahran, Knox City or Dandenong depending on time of day.
Quick links to work group and other associated pages (click on sub-headings below) GCSE resits Supporting Core Maths Emedding A level Technology To be added Technology in the post 16 classroom Developing A level teaching Post 16 &...
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. high quality drive unit Scrap Copper Wire Recycling Machine For Hot Sale from China Manufacturer,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
Alibaba.com offers 3,933 scrap copper wire separator machine products. About 62% of these are other metal & metallurgy machinery, 6% are other machinery & industry equipment, and 5% are metal cutting machinery. A wide variety of scrap copper wire separator machine options are available to you, such as free samples, paid samples.
A reconditioned JMC metal baler, used shear baler, used car baler, or used metal shear can offer an excellent alternative to a new machine for those on a limited budget. All of our used and re-conditioned scrap metal recycling machines come with warranty and complete support.
Shop eBay for great deals on Wire Stripping Machines. You'll find new or used products in Wire Stripping Machines on eBay. . Which uses drill or handle to strip scrap copper wire. This machine is automatic and the wire range is up to 25mm. It's easy to operate with hand crank or drill driven, portable and convenient, energy saving, nice .
Shopping for Cheap Cutting and Stripping at KINGSING Store and more from cable recycling machines,copper wire recycling,cable stripping,scraper mat,scraper blade,scraper on Aliexpress.com ,the Leading Trading Marketplace from China
Steel, Scrap Metal, Waste to Energy, and Recycling Recycling of re-usable resources conserves raw materials, energy, and landfill space. Million of tons of iron and steel scrap is …
Your Outdoor Superstore? offers Metal Recycling Cans, Aluminum Recycling Bins, Recycled Plastic Recycling Centers, and Concrete Recycling Receptacles allowing you to choose the best Recycling Center to meet your facility's recycling needs. 1-800-323-5664. M-F 8:00am - 4:30pm CT . carries a wide range of high-quality Recycling Containers .
In the scrap trade, “barley” is the lariat-thick copper wire that is used for high-voltage electrical transmission in railroad signals, for example—the best kind of copper scrap; “honey .
Powerful 1HP electric automatic wire stripper easily cuts through all types of copper and aluminum wire. Choose your StripMeister. . I use this tool to strip my scrap copper. . StripMeister is a high quality machine. Strips pretty much anything, be careful not to cut too deep in stranded wire .
Metal Identification with a Bruker XRF Alloy Analyzer Bruker Elemental, continuously driven to provide the best technological solution for every analytical task, understands the importance and criticality of Metal Identification and Alloy Identification in an array of industrial uses.
Tire Shredders. Tire shredders play a very large role in tire recycling. . SSI has been supplying equipment to the recycling industry for years, and have earned a reputation of building high quality processing equipment. The 1600E is a great example of that reputation. . This unit will work great for shredding semi-truck tires at a very .
South Africa hot sale scrap copper wire crusher for small capacity disposal request from China Manufacturer
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. South Africa hot sale scrap copper wire crusher for small capacity disposal request from China Manufacturer,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
steel scrap recycling manufacturer/supplier, China steel scrap recycling manufacturer & factory list, find qualified Chinese steel scrap . Post Sourcing Request
Alibaba.com offers 283 scrap metal in malaysia products. About 15% of these are crusher, 13% are steel scrap, and 7% are iron scrap. . Tire Shredder Chinese Small Used Tyre Shredders In Malaysia | Tyre Shredder Machine For Sale In South Africa | Small Used Tyre Shredders In Malaysia . Factory price lifting magnet . High capacity scrap metal .
Scrap Processing / Demolition Equipment For Sale Scrap Processing & Demolition Equipment New and used scrap processing and demolition equipment includes a wide range of machinery including pulverizers, concrete cutters, wrecking bars, grapples, and tons more.
A wide variety of scrap wire shredder options are available to you, such as film crusher, . hard drive scrap scrap copper wire shredder cable recycling copper .
copper crusher plant manufacturer in india scrap copper crusher in india Scrap copper crushing machine in India,Copper recycling plant ( scrap copper crusher in india) . copper wire grinder for sale - Crusher South Africa . Scrap Copper Cable Granulator for Sale products, buy Scrap Scrap Copper Cable Granulator for Sale, Find . copper scrap .
At Compactors Inc., we provide a complete line of commercial trash compactor and waste management solutions. Our vertical compactors, chute fed compactors, densifiers, can crushers, glass crushers, balers and shredders will help reduce waste hauling costs, reduce manpower, make your company environmentally responsible and will provide you with a rapid return on your investment.
small capacity hammer crusher; small pre owned mobile stone crushers . plant india; small scale limestone crushing equipment; small crusher unit project report; small crusher machine for tires; china famous manufacturer small raymond mill price for sale with ce card r raymond grinding mill . Select 2018 high quality Copper Sulphate products .
South Africa’s No. 1 Seller of industrial manufacturing machines for the SMME market. Affordably priced Machines for sale: for use in agriculture, building industry, …
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. lower price hot sale Cable Wire Stripping Machine for Getting Copper Wire from experienced factory,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
Wire Stripper Machine manufacturers & suppliers. . Lower Price Scrap Cable Wire Stripper Copper Wire Recycle Machine. FOB Price: US $ 380 . we will provide you with the latest technology and the comprehensive data of Chinese suppliers like Wire Stripper Machine factory list to enhance your sourcing performance in the business line of .
> Copper Building Wire > THHN/THWN-2 Wire & Cable Your Way offers a wide selection of THHN Building Wire products at the best prices you'll find anywhere. THHN building wire is appropriate for use in alternating current (AC) electrical distribution systems of almost every industrial, residential and commercial building, usually at voltage .
Alibaba.com offers 202,031 copper wire machine products. About 7% of these are other metal & metallurgy machinery, 6% are cable manufacturing equipment, and 3% are wire drawing machines. . Hot sale copper cable wire stripping & peeling machine that machine for cutting and stripping wire is popular. Ad. . Factory price air condition radiator .
Trending at $161.59 eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the . HNS Tools was created to expand beyond our core B2B success and give everyone access to our high quality products at low prices. About HNS Tools. . Enerpat- Manual wire Cable stripper Copper wire stripping machine. 1 X .
· 116 thoughts on “ Hot Wire Strippers are Probably The Best Tool . especially with ribbon cable, I would go for a hot element stripper, but I don’t really have the need. . If …
You'll find new or used products in Industrial Wire & Cable on eBay. Free shipping on selected items. . Please don’t hesitate to Make Inquiry for more colors and bulk discount information Features 23 AWG Solid Copper Cable Low Smoke Plenum Rated Jacket Conductor 100% Copper 1000 ft. . Trending at $17.98 eBay determines this price through .
Wire & Cable Your Way offers a wide selection of flexible copper welding cable at the lower prices around, sold by the foot so that you can get exactly what you need without wasting dollars.
Allied Wire and Cable has an extensive stock of wire . we can custom manufacture the perfect cable. With great lead times and low prices, . cut and stripping, .
Equipment Wiring & Cord. Equipment Wiring - With all these products and other wire and cable products, . Cut-to-Length Type MC Cable with Factory Installed;
We should be wary on Brussels. It has the showy facade, but behind its faces are hiding the gloomy legacy. The money has always det...
PLEASE REGISTER EACH PERSON SEPARATELY. To register a group for the same event, complete the first registration, then go back to the Events Calendar and click on the same program. At the bottom of the registration form, click on "Recall Previous Registrant" button and just change the name for subsequent registrations. The system remembers the last patron's information so you don't have to re-enter it.
Join us for a storytime and activities with our indoor parachute!For toddlers 2-3 1/2 years old with adult.
Please register only the child(ren) attending and put the caregiver's name in the required field. Parents & Caregiver Participation Required. No older siblings please.
For our Polish Cultural Studies Program, the university organizes a unique study travel program. Each destination includes aspects of education, tourism, and fun. Every study trip focuses on the literary, cultural, historical, social, and political characteristics and features that the study trip specifically targets. If the study trip destination is to a larger city that contains a university, lectures with professors of the particular university and meetings with local student groups are possible to arrange.
The costs of travel and accommodation of one study trip, to be determined by the university, are included in the program fee. The costs of all other study trips are borne by the student.
Study Abroad Poland invites you to study at Collegium Civitas, one of Poland’s leading private universities. The school is conveniently located in the heart of Warsaw in the monumental Palace of Culture and Science. It offers a wide variety of courses taught in English and in Polish. These courses are ideal for students studying sociology, international relations, political science, econ . . . more→
Study Abroad Poland and Collegium Civitas were very helpful with the selection of courses, transfer of credits and with the overall fluidity . . . more→
My summer in Warsaw has been an amazing experience. Participating in this program has been exhilarating, culturally enriching and one of the . . . more→
After you finish your studies in the Poland, try one of our programs in the Czech Republic! StudyAbroadCzech.com
Sinnging bowls are simply an inverted bells which are played by striking on it having different sizes from centimeters to diameters. Singing bowls are used for religious puposes, making music and meditations, as well as for relaxation and personal well-being. This bowl has the mantra "OMMANEPADMEHUN" carved on the surface around it and inside of it. This bowl has the diameter of 5 inch of width and 2 inch of height which weighs 510 grams.
A standing bell or resting bell is an inverted bell, supported from below with the rim uppermost. Such bells are normally bowl shaped, and exist in a wide range if sizes from few centimeters to a metre in diameter often played by striking but some known as singing bowl. Singing bowls are used Buddhist religious practices to accompany periods of meditation and chanting. Singing bowls are widely made for meditation, music making and relaxation, as well for personal spirituality. They have become popular with music therapist, sound healers and yoga practitioners. This Relaxing Tibetan Buddhist singing bowl is crafted beautifully in Nepal. The surface carved with the Tibetan holy words "Om Mane Pad Me Hun" makes it look more attractive as the use of bowls are for meditation and for prayers and decoration as well. This bowl would great for gift or for your shrines and to decorate ur homes or offices as well.
All attempts have been made to best represent the item's true color in the pictures, but the colors may vary slightly due to differences in monitor calibrations
This essay was first offered in advance of a radio conversation with Lou Ureneck the author of a compelling new book detailing the events of the Armenian genocide that took place in Smyrna, Turkey, in 1922, "The Great Fire." Ureneck paints no simple picture of good guys and bad guys, but enough of each on both sides to go around. This book is a great read.
As we ponder the events of the last few years in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Egypt and Libya, we are apt to not understand at all how people could be at each other's throats like that. Where is the civility? Where is the knowledge of our common humanity? How could these centuries’ old grievances continue to govern modern politics? This week the radical Islamic group, ISIS, is threatening ancient landmarks of civilization in Palmyra, Syria, and last week Kurds surged into prominence in Turkish elections, based largely on their ethnicity.
The ancestors of most Americans came to this country as immigrants giving up their traditional identities and being willing to start over. Years ago, when I was working in Moscow in the Soviet Union, our Russian colleagues would marvel at the fact that I did not consider myself German or English, even though I had family threads that stretched back to each country.
In America, the common story is that we are mostly finished with our historic quarrels and are starting over, and our success has not hinged so much on our ethnicity as upon our ingenuity or good fortune. And so today Americans are largely amazed that Shias and Sunnis are battling it out, and the Kurds and Turks are battling it out, and Palestinians and Israelis are battling it out. We are apt to wonder why they cannot see that we are all just human beings, given a chance for happiness on this planet. For what earthly reason should anybody be chopping off anybody else's head?
Further, and increasing our American inability to understand what is going on from Libya across the globe to Afghanistan, we in the commercial and industrial West have grown into a greater dependence upon material success as the arbiter of value rather than the anointing of some chosen people by the word of God. We are less apt today to trust religious leaders speaking for God then we might have been through many earlier centuries, and as a consequence we have been released to make our own judgments independent of religious instruction. All this makes us even further unable to understand the flaming radicalism that is tearing apart the map from Libya to Afghanistan.
One time, many years ago, a war was going on between the countries of the former Soviet Union, Armenia and Azerbaijan. It had become a war of ethnic cleansing; millions of refugees had been driven from each country into the other. In the midst of this, I was part of a US team seeking to explore some pathway to peace. At one point our team was invited to the office of the vice president of Armenia, who, in order to explain Armenian grievances with Azerbaijan began a lecture reciting a history of Armenian persecutions and oppressions.
The vice president’s story began in 340 AD and it took him more than three hours to get to the 20th century. Armenia’s whole history, he said, was a tale of oppressions and bullying by one nation after the other, beginning with the Romans and running down through the Russians. Next, he said, millions of Armenians had lost their lives, their homes, their fortunes in the Turkish genocidal fury of 1915 through 1922. We will not forget that, the vice president told us.
As it happened, not many weeks later, our team was hosted by the vice president of Azerbaijan, the country on the other side of that war. This vice president, like his counterpart in Armenia, then described centuries of abuse of Azeris brought upon them by Christians expanding the great Russian empire, beginning in at least the 18th century with Catherine the Great. As Armenians are themselves largely Christian, the Azeris considered those people complicit in centuries of persecution and they, too, had a score to settle.
So then came the Americans in the last part of the 20th century asking each side to move forward; we used the word forgiveness; we attempted to paint a picture of a common future in which both countries could survive amicably. And of course this effort was noble and principled. But what we did not understand, and most Americans still do not understand, is that these horrendous events of the past, reaching as far back as 340 AD, running from the Romans through the Crusades to the wars of Catherine the Great, to the 19th century invasions by Europeans and the fights over Crimea, finally running through the genocides of the 1920s, cannot simply be forgiven through a decision of the mind. Such horrific histories carry with them a kind of generational PTSD and no amount of urging by Americans, or even the occasional willingness by the participants themselves to reach for something new, is not enough to scour out the pain and hurt as if it had never happened.
And so it is that today, even as millions of Americans came to this country in search of a way to move out of the shadows of the past, and because of our ability to plant our roots in a new land, and because we have made some success of it, we have a difficult time understanding those who will not give up the past, carrying it along with them like a load of heavy rocks that they cannot ever discard.
I hasten to add that we did not solve that war between Armenia and Azerbaijan with our efforts in the 1990s. I have vivid memories of sitting in on meetings at which literally hundreds of wives and widows cried to the heavens for their missing husbands and sons and remembered nighttime terrors huddling in basements as the bombs came crashing in. Americans were not only negotiating with this frightening present; we were also negotiating with the past.
Now in 2015, in this week's news the president of the United States has directed the disposition of a stronger military presence in Iraq for the purpose of fighting off ISIS. This week, too, we read of Pentagon plans to position US heavy weaponry in the Baltic States. In the former case we are asking Sunnis to forget centuries of history with the Shias and to unite for a new nationalism created by the West after World War I.
In the Baltics, we are asking president Putin to forget Russian domination of that region that goes back at least to the 18th century. We want Putin to move, as we think, into the present and recognize the inevitability of democracy. Putin for his part scoffs at that; he has no history with which to connect to a democratic dream, and, instead, wants the West to remember Catherine the Great and Alexander I, (who conquered Paris), and therefore to remember the inevitability of Russian military power.
President Obama is hopeful that the use of limited force in Iraq and a moderate show of strength in the Baltics can persuade our adversaries to move beyond their history, to become a part of the world that we call civilized but which, unfortunately, they call naïve.
The dilemma for the president is therefore that too much military force will simply take us back to the 19th century but now with more horrific weapons. Too little force, on the other hand, or no force at all, appears to invite aggression against all of the values that we fought for throughout the 20th century.
In this highly complex situation a furious debate has broken out in Washington as if someone knew the right answer. Many, if not most, Republican politicians fault the president for not acting decisively. Decisively attack somewhere, anywhere, but of course don’t get us into another Vietnam. Most decisively, don’t wade into Iraq again step by step, as we once did in Vietnam. So be decisive, but not so much as to get us into trouble.
In spite of all this posturing, no one, not anyone, has a simple formula for eliminating the anguish and pains that history has brought forward to our own times. In the Middle East those whom we might try to persuade with tanks and guns have military memories that run at least back to the Crusades. No president, Republican or Democrat, will be able to erase those memories. Nor will anyone erase Putin’s dream of reviving Russia’s past.
Nor can it be, for us, a decision of simply withdrawing, bowing out from all this conflict. We have memories of our own; we remember Munich and the Allies giving way to Hitler, and the stupendous cost of not acting with conviction in 1939 when conviction was needed.
And so there it is. A complex and overriding set of contrary memories are on the table in 2015. Anyone who thinks that this president, or any president, can now simply take a military trump card out of the deck, or any other trump card, and play it now, is in delusion. History holds cards, too.
Check for, go Think Sport&apos;s promo code exclusions. Step 1: Add the Item to your shopping cart. Go Think Sport has an average time to expiration of 10 days. Look for the box labeled "Enter promo
Groupon: 7 admission for one (12 for two or 22 for four) to the Wrens Nest House Museum in Atlanta. We have information for over 900 merchants, including. Groupon: 11 a walking tour for two (20
Using seawater for cooling and heating is not new, but it is for Marseille. Massileo, a new private network installed on the city’s port area, uses this renewable technology to heat and cool buildings in the so-called eco-district of Îlot Allar. (...)
The new energy market design: how the EU can support energy communities and citizens to participate in the energy transition - August 2018
Energy Cities and REScoop.eu answer to the Committee of the Regions’ Stakeholders consultation: "Models of local energy ownership" - 10 July 2018
Like every other business, the company needs customer feedback. To get young customers on board, the company offers a reward to those to participate in the Burlington survey. In the guide, I will present to you step by step instructions for taking the Burlington survey so you can give your feedback and receive the reward. For survey or any non-related questions, you may use the customer service information provided at the end.
So here is the chance for you to assist with some gifts and receive some offers from survey Sweepstakes. Make Positive your feedback Original. Give answers to the Easy questions like did you enjoyed the Donuts and Coffee? Did you feel some changes need to be made by the company? Were you satisfied with the service? This all can be filled with Burlington Survey 🤑 hereby.
Fill in personal details including your phone number and mailing address. Make sure the mailing address you enter is the correct one.
Write the coupon code in the designated area on your receipt to use it on the next visit to get the special prize.
According to the aforementioned on what are a Burlington survey of customer satisfaction and the history of the company, now we have brought up to the end of information hereby. If you have any query or trouble regarding the Burlington survey you can ask the questions in the comment section below. I will revert to you as soon as possible.
Co-Founder of OAO. Im a Freelance Stylist from Manchester. Im a fan of All things Cool, Creative, Fashion and Style. Please feel free to take any of my style tips and anything you want to ask.... just drop me an Email or Follow me on Twitter. PEACE .OAO.
The release of the classic -YSL LOGO t-shirt and jumper last year has been a massive hit with the stars, rappers,celebs to models......
This is supermodel ALICE DELLAL, she been hailed the new kate Moss by the industry. her quirky look and style has been a massive hit w...
Here we have the classic black and white underwear campaign from CALVIN KLEIN, Through the years they have gone from using real models t...
Sony VAIO: M Series | X series | P series | W series| Y series | S series | Z series | B series | E series | EE series | C series | F series
HP: Mini (Netbook) | V series | CQ series | G Series | Pavilion | Envy | Essentials | TouchSmart | ProBook | Elitebook
The biggest game that was released in the year 2013 has been Grand Theft Auto 5. This popular game features 3 compelling characters that the gamer can pick from, loads of open-world gameplay, and plenty of missions to beat. Read More
Want to create that dream kitchen you’ve been promising to do for years? Need a complete kitchen update so you can sell your home fast? Did you suffer flood or storm damage and need a serious cabinet repair in Newfields, NH? Do you need a few kitchen repairs but just don’t have the time or expertise?
Well, you’ve come to the right place! With our professional handymen and carpenters, you can easily get those repairs and renovations done and save both time and money. All you need to do is call one of our listed professionals today for a quote. Don’t hesitate to get that dream kitchen tomorrow when you can have a high-end kitchen today.
When it comes to getting your renovation done you want it done right and as fast as possible. When you use any of our certified and licensed professionals in Newfields, NH you will get all of that and more! These wonderful handymen and carpenters can do a wide range of renovations, installations, and repairs.
From those delightful quartz countertops that make a kitchen luxurious to the mahogany cabinets, you’ve been eying for years. Need a faucet repair or new sink in Newfields, NH? Don’t worry, our professionals can do those too!
Not only do our professionals handle cabinet and countertop installations and repairs they can do a variety of other kitchen renovations and repairs as well. From sink installations to custom made cabinets, bars, kitchen islands, and countertops, you are bound to get the kitchen you’ve always been wanting.
Whether you should install slab or tile granite countertops depends on your project, your budget and what you’re looking to accomplish. You can purchase slab granite countertops for $50 to $60 per square foot, while you can get granite tile for $10 to $40 per square foot.
Granite will take a hot pot while quartz is less resistant to high heat. Cons: Quartz is a manufactured stone and it is hard to duplicate the veining and pattern look you get from genuine marble or granite. Quartz is approximately 20% to 40% more expensive than granite.
Inexpensive-Kitchen-Countertops_s4x3. Laminate countertops are an inexpensive, low-maintenance alternative to pricey stone and solid-surface countertops, and they are available in many styles that mimic expensive surfaces such as granite or marble. Laminate countertops are not resistant to heat and can scratch.
Laminate Counters. On average, it costs $3,000 to $4,000 to have a 100-square-foot laminate or formica countertop professionally installed. Laminate is one of the most affordable countertop options. It comes in a wide variety of colors and styles, and a professional can install the material in just a few hours.
On average, expect countertops to range in price from $40 to $100 per square foot installed, according to a 2013 report by Consumer Reports. Granite countertops range from $50 to $250 per square foot, while tile counters can start at as little as $10; butcher block at $30, and solid surfaces at $35.
On average, the cost for quartz countertops without installation fees included is about $75 per square foot. Although the price varies by brand and manufacturer, here are some of the average costs based on quality: Low-quality quartz: $50 to $60 per square foot.
Concrete countertops are handcrafted and are typically priced at a premium to granite, marble, and other natural stones. … Cost for a standard 1.5″ thick concrete countertop per square foot. View comparison chart of concrete countertop pricing vs. other countertop materials (such as granite, tile, etc.)
Although quartz is very scratch resistant, we do recommend using a cutting board on your quartz countertop. A hot pot or pan can potentially lead to discoloration, we suggest using a trivet to maintain the quality of your countertop.
The Cost of Granite vs. Quartz Countertops. It’s really about a toss-up in this category. The cost of quartz ranges from $80-$140 per square foot installed and granite starts at about $80 and can go to $175 or slightly higher for high-end material.
Average Corian Countertop Prices. Corian countertops cost between $42 and $65 per square foot, depending on the color, texture or style you choose for you kitchen and bathroom. This does not include labor costs for installation. Most homeowners spend about $3,490 total to have Corian counters professionally installed.
Cost breakdown. Labor: laminate countertop installers typically charge $30-$40 per hour and can complete the project in around one day (8 labor hours), for a total labor cost of $240-$320. Materials: laminate countertops average $10-$20 per square foot.Jan 14, 2016
Quartz is actually harder than granite and thus, more durable. In fact, quartz is nearly indestructible, and because it isn’t porous like granite, it’s easy to keep your countertops relatively bacteria-free.
For the same reason that quartz countertops are safe, manufacturers of quartz countertops claim that the countertop is stain resistant. … It’s rare to see a stain set in when spills and mishaps are cleaned up quickly. Keep in mind, however, that it is rare but not impossible to stain a quartz countertop.
Quartz countertops are highly stain resistant, have a very low water absorption rate, and do not require sealing. … Also, sodium hydroxide and permanent markers can permanently stain a quartz countertop. Quartz is as heat resistant as granite. Quartz is heat resistant.
A professional cabinet refacing for a typical 10-foot-by-12-foot kitchen starts at around $1,000 to $3,000 for laminate. Expect to pay $2,500 to $6,000 for real wood veneer. Costs can rise to $7,000 to $9,000 or more for a large project with high-quality wood veneer.
Stock cabinets are prefabricated and offer no customizability. Stock cabinets cost about $60 to $100 per linear foot and are considered standard models. Custom cabinets are crafted to your exact specifications and cost about $500 to $1,200 per linear foot. Semi-custom cabinets cost about $100 to $650 per linear foot.
Pricing wise, they’re listed in order—stock cabinets are cheapest, at around $60 to $200 per linear foot, semi-custom cabinets will run you around $100 to $650 per linear foot, and custom cabinets usually cost between $500 and $1,200 per linear foot.
The average cost to repaint kitchen cabinets is about $1,000, depending on the number of cabinets you have to paint and the time and labor required to do so. The materials used to paint the kitchen cabinets — brushes, primer, paint, sanding equipment — will cost up to $200 if you decide to buy them yourself.
A 10’x10′ Kitchen is a sample kitchen used for universal price comparisons across different cabinet types and styles. … The 10’x10′ Sample Kitchen is based on the 12 items listed below and does not include crown molding, decorative hardware, countertop, sink/faucet or appliances.
Using basic materials in most markets, the price for material and installation will be between $2,400 and $3,200. Upgrade to slightly better materials and the cost will likely range between $3,000 and $4,000. Finally, customized, solid-wood refacing may cost as little as $3,700 or as much as $5,000.Nov 27, 2014
Labor: the direct labor to install kitchen cabinets, including planning, area preparation, setup and cleanup. Professional cabinet installers typically charge between $35-$65. According to IKEA, one can estimate installation of cabinets at 1.25 hours per cabinet.Jan 26, 2017
Install new wood or laminate veneer over existing cabinet and drawer fronts. … Install completely new cabinet doors and drawer fronts. In all three cases, new hardware such as hinges and pulls helps to complete the update. The interiors of the cabinets can also be sanded, painted or stained for a completely new look.
Replacing the doors involves taking off the existing doors, face frames and hardware while keeping the cabinet boxes where they are, and putting on new doors and face frames with the same hardware or new hardware. New hardware can also make a dramatic difference, so that’s something to consider for an updated look.
Volkswagen Street Quest is a Facebook challenge to find and ‘Pin’ as many Volkswagens on South African roads as possible, using Google’s Street View application.
Polowers, are Polo Followers. The Polo is a popular car amongst young people. DDB Spain therefore developed a strategy in social networks aimed to convert the brand in the first topic of conversation on Twitter for a day. The campaign generated more than
Volkswagen Amarok is the ultimate all terrain vehicle. It goes on everywhere, from mountains to the streets of urban jungles. To show that we created Facebook FlipBook. It consists of 200 images that are following each other. You just keep your finger on
storage shed movers shed moving equipment rental near me house and building movers near me companies that move sheds near me small building movers near me.
storage shed movers medium size of storage shed movers near me mule shed mover rental cost to move a.
storage shed movers storage shed movers near me shed moving near me small building movers near me storage shed moving trailers.
storage shed movers large size of shed movers storage shed movers near me shed mover rental cost to.
storage shed movers shed movers outside storage building plastic shed hard plastic storage sheds plastic lawn mower shed plastic shed storage.
storage shed movers storage shed movers storage buildings hickory x storage shed plans free storage building movers hickory storage storage shed movers.
storage shed movers storage sheds shed storage shed home depot outbuildings homes shed sheds cabins prefab tiny house storage sheds.
storage shed movers storage shed movers storage sheds fort worth custom storage sheds for sale in fort worth storage storage shed movers.
storage shed movers shed moving company shed delivery truck shed moving company long island shed moving company.
storage shed movers storage sheds storage sheds old hickory sheds northwest deluxe playhouse storage shed storage shed movers.
storage shed movers storage shed movers storage shed movers related post storage shed movers near me storage shed movers storage shed movers.
storage shed movers storage sheds storage sheds x x tall a frame shed with attached porch built in custom storage sheds.
storage shed movers storage sheds rent to own storage sheds with modern shed and deck sustainable boulders storage.
storage shed movers storage building prefab wooden storage shed with floor decking shingles storage building movers storage building.
storage shed movers storage shed movers near me companies that move sheds near me shed moving service near me mule shed mover rental near me.
storage shed movers used storage building storage sheds sale storage building kits used storage sheds for sale home depot used storage building.
storage shed movers shed moving company near me shed movers shed mover near me companies that move sheds near me.
Battlefords RCMP shared information at around 2:30 a.m. CT on Tuesday that a stolen F-150 truck was travelling on Highway 16 towards the Maidstone RCMP detachment area. READ MORE: Sketch released of s.
You can select this option if your organisation has published its pay gap data. Input your organisation’s name and the site will pull your data from the UK Government’s gender pay gap viewing service.
Following an investigation at the scene, Patrolman Timothy Handy arrested a passenger in the vehicle, Tahir Swinton, 26, of Linden for suspected. a motor vehicle summons for not having a valid insu.
Car Insurance Compulsory Voluntary "Admiral Insurance will analyse the Facebook accounts of first-time car owners to look for personality traits that are linked to safe driving. For example, individuals who are identified as conscienti. Compulsory and voluntary excesses. If you make a claim, insurers will typically require you to pay a certain amount of money towards the cost of
The Government has awarded £45m to councils to kick-start the building of thousands of new homes from Plymouth to Newcastle. The Land Release Fund cash will help 41 councils unlock housing sites, fund.
Spokeo is a people search engine that organizes white pages listings, public records and social network information into simple profiles to.
Maidstone Magistrates’ Court heard that when Elgar was pulled over on January 21 he told police officers he thought he had purchased car insurance online – but something had gone wrong during the proc.
Last updated 16 July 2018 The colour scheme on this page is a tribute to Orange Luxury Coaches. Here you will find links to classic British bus-related webpages, nothing ‘modern’, and hardly anything from overseas.
Read 399 customer reviews of the Swinton Car Insurance www.swinton.co.uk & compare with other Car Insurance at Review Centre
These are external links and will open in a new window Image caption Ann Barnes said she had now spent more than 15. A report last year found she may not have been properly insured when she was in.
If you need car insurance for just a few days or weeks, it will work out much cheaper to take out a short term car insurance policy with Swinton, instead of a complete annual policy. Temporary policies can be taken out for 1-28 days and won’t affect your no claims bonus at all.
In every area, from car insurance to travel insurance, you can count on us for quality insurance products at bargain prices. At Swinton we know that, however much you enjoy driving your car, the one thing you won’t enjoy is.
Football legend “King” Kenny Dalglish has become Sir Kenny as he leads more than 1,000 people receiving gongs in the Queen’s Birthday Honours.
Aaron, who does not want his last name published, said he was concerned when he saw Darcy on the road at Maidstone. car off or if I’d just left it in park. "It’s just a car, it is a new car and I l.
Police said officers arrested a man, woman and girl who were in the car Tuesday as part of an ongoing theft investigation. He filed a report with the local RCMP detachment and was told to contact h.
I want to build up Attraction to be a worldwide brand and I don’t need to rush it." Szucs, who described the group’s advert for insurance company Swinton as a "good tie-up" and a "natural step", revea.
In the infidelity drama "Leaving," British reserve gets overtaken by French passion, and the subsequent events have the horrific momentum of a slow-motion car crash. by Diane Lane in "Unfaithful" a.
David Nichols, is the President & CEO of Maidstone Insurance Company which was founded in 1988.The company secretary is Dennis R.
If you would like to contact The National Archives please go the contact form page on the website and use the form provided ; Readers tickets are required for access to original records only. Proof of identity and current address are required to.
Auto Insurance Comparison Website Reviews The French car maker has launched total 8 variants. What is more interesting is that Renault also proffers 2+2 years or 80,000 km warranty on the compact SUV. Renault Duster RxL 85 PS price – Rs 899,0. has and hope car in binaural were a conditions and seizure an the because. cells role mindful trusts
SECURITY company Yale and insurance. Swinton has released an interactive social media crime map, allowing you to compare the level of reported crimes to the amount of people posting about being awa.
“So by the time we got in the car and backed up, we just could see the backyard had been totally taken,” she said. But, after a long struggle navigating the insurance process, Schwab said she’ll be ma.
Terms and Conditions *3% discount applies to the basic cost of holidays over £150 per person – Prices on our website will include all discounts available – Room supplements may apply – Insurance is not included – Please read Alfa Travel’s Booking Conditions here.
Maidstone RCMP responded to a serious accident near Lashburn, Sask. on Wednesday afternoon. Shortly after 2 p.m., a heavy vehicle struck a westbound car while travelling north across Highway 16. The 3.
THREE former bosses of Manchester-based insurance company Swinton have been fined and banned by the financial services watchdog. The Financial Conduct Authority has fined the three – former chief exec.
Swinton Car Insurance is cheap and. All Swinton Motor Insurance coupons verified by: Shem. How to use Swinton Motor Insurance Promotional Codes.
Michael Zang Michael Zang is the founder of Fired Up Christian Put on, Together with the vision to generate "Jesus junk" historical past and also to someday compete in opposition to the very best urban garments brands. For various several years, he has actually been a pacesetter at an urban outreach youth ministry situated in Houston, TX and it has aided various begin ups with his layout and marketing and advertising knowledge.
• New! Individual Designs for Books helps you to make a e book for every of one's groups or bands this means you really know what it is possible to play and what critical to Participate in.
Control huge collections of chord charts and lyrics sheets in your band or worship crew on your own iPad or apple iphone. Quickly pull and reorder established lists and flip from one music to another easily.
The OurPrayer Application on iTunes! OurPrayer App is designed to persuade your religion by supplying a fast and easy solution to post prayer requests, plan prayer reminders, create prayer lists, pray for Other people and energize your faith journey with everyday Bible verses, reflections and prayers.
I didn’t see a ‘realm’ for apologetics applications. CARM.org and several Other individuals have some excellent apologetics apps to help reply difficult inquiries. Many Christians have never even heard about apologetics and doubt grows with their unanswered thoughts.
Really enjoy the checklist! I am aware Every person and his/her brother/sister has manufactured an application now, but I hope folks will get pleasure from a Christian verse-video game application I’ve created for equally iOS and Android named “reVersify”–a (with any luck ,) enjoyable method of getting your “Verse with the Day”…Many thanks!
This deserves a huge point out mainly because it’s entirely no cost. PCO has a lot of, dumbbell exercises several facets of church goings-on protected inside their paid out apps, from providing to presentations to kid Look at-ins. However the one application that handles what every single church needs is cost-free—Even though you’re not utilizing some other PCO applications.
We want to really encourage the sort of discipleship that commences in the house and spreads outwards to the broader physique of Christ.
I’ll be sincere with you, I haven’t just been dreaming with regard to the graphic t-shirt sector all my lifetime, but I do see an field that may be RIPE
Irish_Vixen UPDATE: I am continue to completely amazed at how OnSong has enhanced my total efficiency. I tend not to go on stage without it!
. Then tap the Transactions tab. Based upon your financial institution or card issuer, you may perhaps see only transactions designed out of your unit. Or you may see all transactions built from a credit rating or debit card account, like all Apple Pay products as well as your plastic card.
It’s not an extensive record, nevertheless it should really Provide you with an concept of what’s to choose from. Not to mention, understand that This is often an observation, not a recommendation.
). YesHeIs () and Worldwide Quick Film Network () each have some outstanding small video clips that happen to be great for spiritual conversations and sharing on social media marketing. Eventually, everyone enthusiastic about Finding out more about working with their mobile equipment for ministry really should check out the Cellular Ministry Forum at .
Currently being a non-profit organization we can easily partner with you to deliver you lessen cost options for all your Wholesale apparel requires.
CRL Double Faced Sneeze Guard Brackets provide two angled glass panels over the food service area. Simply create a post system with 2" (51 mm) diameter horizontal tubing that the brackets can be attached to, then secure by using CRL Cat. No. 32629 Metal Contact Cement.
CRL's 700A Series Door Louvers have a two-piece design for wood or metal doors with a minimum thickness of 1-3/8" (35 mm). Constructed from 18 gauge CRS, 700A Series Louvers have a minimum frame size of 6" x 4" (152 x 102 mm) and a maximum size of 48" x 80" (1.22 x 2.03 m). The two rows of inverted 'Y' blades are spaced at 1" (25 mm) intervals and attached by interlocking construction to the 3/4" (19 mm) deep welded frame that is screwed into the door on both sides. Custom sizes and finishes are also available.
CRL 700A Series Door Louvers can have a variety of screen wires placed underneath of either panel to prevent unwanted pests from entering through the Louvers. Common 18 x 16 mesh aluminum screen wire is recommended to keep out small insects. These are available only on special order.
Registration Now Open for the CRN-International 2018 Symposium—Global experts to meet in Berlin in conjunction with CCNFSDU meeting | Council for Responsible Nutrition
Washington, D.C., September 4, 2018—The Council for Responsible Nutrition-International (CRN-I), the international arm of the U.S.-based Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), today announced its annual scientific symposium will be held the afternoon of Sunday, November 25, at the H4 Hotel Berlin Alexanderplatz, just prior to the Codex Committee on Nutrition and Foods for Special Dietary Uses (CCNFSDU) meeting. A reception will follow.
The CRN-I science-based symposium, now in its ninth year, brings together presenters and stakeholders from international delegations and is highly regarded in the global scientific and regulatory communities. This year’s event is titled “Nutrition interventions for healthy ageing across the lifespan” and discussions will build on the concepts explored over the history of CRN-I's symposia series, focusing on nutrition-related opportunities to improve global public health and supporting science-based policymaking among member countries of the Codex Alimentarius Commission.
Reports from past CRN-I symposia are published in the European Journal of Nutrition (2011–2017) and in Regulatory Toxicology and Pharmacology (2010), with translations in Arabic, Chinese, English, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish, available on the CRN-I website.
Registration for the CRN-I 2018 symposium and reception is complimentary for all Codex official country delegations and is available for a small fee to industry executives (CRN-I members receive one registration at no charge). For more information, visit the CRN-I website: www.crn-i.org/2018symposium.
Note to Editor: The Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), founded in 1973, is a Washington, D.C.-based trade association representing 150+ dietary supplement and functional food manufacturers, ingredient suppliers, and companies providing services to those manufacturers and suppliers. In addition to complying with a host of federal and state regulations governing dietary supplements and food in the areas of manufacturing, marketing, quality control and safety, our manufacturer and supplier members also agree to adhere to additional voluntary guidelines as well as to CRN’s Code of Ethics. Visit www.crnusa.org. Follow us on Twitter @CRN_Supplements, Facebook, and LinkedIn.
Read more about New Study Reveals Positive Secondary Findings for Omega-3s and Vitamin D Supplementation
Washington, D.C., November 12, 2018 — In response to a new study, “The Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL), published online November 10 in The New England Journal of Medicine and presented simultaneously at the American Heart Association’s 2018 Scientific Sessions in Chicago, the Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the leading trade association for the dietary supplement and functional food industry, issued the following statement:
Dietary Supplement Trade Associations Warn Consumers of Dangerous Substance Illegally Posing as a Dietary Supplement
Read more about Dietary Supplement Trade Associations Warn Consumers of Dangerous Substance Illegally Posing as a Dietary Supplement
Washington, D.C., November 05, 2018—The dietary supplement industry today sounded the alarm about the dangers of “phenibut,” a substance being illegally marketed in products fraudulently labeled as dietary supplements. Developed and used as a drug in the former Soviet Union for its supposed brain-enhancing properties, phenibut is not approved as a drug in the United States, nor does it meet the regulatory requirements to be sold in, or as, a dietary supplement.
New Data Reaffirm Trust and Confidence in Industry, Reveal Modern Trends and Habits of American Consumers
Read more about New Data Reaffirm Trust and Confidence in Industry, Reveal Modern Trends and Habits of American Consumers
Read more about Three Reminders for Consumers When Purchasing Dietary Supplements — A Public Service Announcement from the Council For Responsible Nutrition
Washington D.C., October 12, 2018 — In response to the article, “Unapproved Pharmaceutical Ingredients Included in Dietary Supplements Associated with US Food and Drug Administration Warnings,” published today in JAMA, the Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the leading trade association for the dietary supplement and functional food industry, has three reminders for consumers:
Washington, D.C., September 27, 2018—The Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the leading trade association for the dietary supplement and functional food industry, today announced the addition of four new companies to the association’s membership roster. The four new voting members include — Care/of; Neves Global Resources, LLC; Quincy Bioscience; and Ritual.
Washington, D.C., September 20, 2018—In response to the draft guidance “Policy Regarding Quantitative Labeling of Dietary Supplements Containing Live Microbials,” issued by FDA, the Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the leading trade association for the dietary supplement and functional food industry, issued the following statement:
CRN Commends FDA for Commitment to Public Health and Consumer Safety—Warning Letters Issued on Kratom
Read more about CRN Commends FDA for Commitment to Public Health and Consumer Safety—Warning Letters Issued on Kratom
Washington, D.C., September 12, 2018— In response to a statement published September 11 by FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb M.D., on new warning letters FDA is issuing to companies marketing kratom with unproven medical claims, the Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the leading trade association for the dietary supplement and functional food industry, issued the following statement:
Washington, D.C., September 10, 2018—The dietary supplement industry’s self-regulatory coalition, the SIDI Work Group, today released an updated version of the Standardized Information on Dietary Ingredients (SIDI TM) Protocol. Originally published in 2006, and previously updated in 2008, the newly-released SIDI Protocol provides a standardized format for dietary ingredient suppliers to communicate consistent regulatory and quality information on their ingredients and facilities to inquiring manufacturers.
Read more about Registration Now Open for the CRN-International 2018 Symposium—Global experts to meet in Berlin in conjunction with CCNFSDU meeting
Washington, D.C., August 15, 2018—The Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN), the leading trade association for the dietary supplement and functional food industry, today announced eleven new companies have joined the association’s membership ranks. These companies include: Voting Members—DSE Healthcare Solutions, LLC (DSE); International Dehydrated Foods, Inc.
Please print your poster in advance, the Secretariat will not be able to print it for you. The recommended size is:
Lỗi phần mềm: wifi limited, working on updates, windows boot manager, windows error recovery, windows activation, windows failed to start, error loading operating system, explorer.exe, error, disk error, your pc ran into a problem, diagnosing your pc, preparing your desktop, your pc did not start correctly, unidentified network, unable to connect, installing update, usb device not recognized, invalid partition table, operating system not found, overheating, off wifi, logging off, plugged in not charging, preparing automatic repair, please wait, automatic repair, aptio setup utility, attempting repairs, disk 100%, full disk, full cpu, cpu 100%, failure configuring, font, flash, The operation completed successfully
lesbo chicks, chicks use, lesbian chicks, chicks anal, older chicks, sexy chicks, chicks using, darkhair chicks, chicks trying, chicks licking, chicks cock, chicks cuties, chicks giving, excited chicks, lezzie chicks
Tacos El Gordo de Tijuana B.C Inc., is a family owned and operated company. We have been in the food service industry for over 40 years, opening our first business in 1972. In 1998, Tacos El Gordo opened its first location in San Diego, California, and in 2010 opened its first location in Las Vegas.
Tacos El Gordo has become well known for its quality and excellence which covers all aspects of the service we provide our clients. We consider all of our customers a part of our family and thank them for their support and for sharing in the success and joy.
Our authentic Tijuana taco experience features handmade corn tortillas, top grade meats and the freshest ingredients, used to make our guacamole and salsas from scratch daily.
wide hips, big ass, fetish ass, Hula Hoop fetish - from a xxx movie star Tselfsuckxxx webcam sweetcarlaxo nude . Look how much I love to watch my friend cock in my mouth and then give him a huge load on me . Watch milf_viktoria record today. Violet begins to talk about how she should be in the last competition and not Nova and how she has almost beaten her and still could. until her boss says she should finish it so he can keep his job Tselfsuckxxx webcam sweetcarlaxo nude . what you can not resist. Golden premium ripe milk. The naughty nun blows away as her crimson lipstick begins to snow the cigarette filter once - and a Marlboro light. Look at me that I am the filthy slut I am and I am fucking, video maritime_lady EVEN I WILL USE MY FINGER TO MAKE A COMPLETE ORGASM Tselfsuckxxx webcam sweetcarlaxo nude . He wraps both hands over Arabel's mouth and faces them. Mom comes after a night a party that her family should not know.
Crows Nest Films | Independent video production company specialising in features about food and cooking
UK television, film and multimedia independent production company | We specialise in projects featuring food and cookery for tv
You are here:Our Work»Cookery»Crows Nest Films | Independent video production company specialising in features about food and cooking
James Brown talks us through the history of Octomore Farm and how life has been affected by their neighbours, Bruichladdich.
After graduating from University of Michigan with a bachelor’s degree in music composition in 1991, Rama moved to San Francisco and worked as a composer and sound designer at Earwax Productions. Soon after, he co-founded Pera Studios, specializing in all aspects of post-production audio. During these years, he became a founding member, keyboardist, and musical director of Super Diamond, the nationally touring Neil Diamond tribute band. Rama moved to Los Angeles in 2006, still tours with Super Diamond, and continues to compose music for picture under his new studio name, Cruelty Free Sound. He often collaborates with other composers and musicians on Cruelty Free Sound projects. Rama works primarily in Logic and is experienced with the latest plug-ins. He is also fluent in writing and notating for all live instruments. Recently, he co-orchestrated and managed a 90 minute Super Diamond show, which the band continues to perform accompanied by full symphony orchestra.
© Cruises for you 2016, Fully Irish owned and operated. Design by designwest IRL - developed by designwest USA
Thank you for your input. Please fill out the form below and provide as much information as possible about updates to this event or venue.
To have your Event appear on NZHerald Events, go to www.eventfinda.co.nz who supply the event listings for this site.
Moorea lagoon cruise highlighting Cooks and Opunohu Bays as well as some stunning snorkeling locations and a sumptuous Polynesian
Moorea lagoon cruise highlighting Cooks and Opunohu Bays as well as some stunning snorkeling locations and a sumptuous Polynesian barbeque lunch
Travel2 was created by the partnership of two renowned travel brands: Newmans Vacations and ATS Tours. Combined with Islands in the Sun, our sister company specializing in romance travel, we bring more than 200 years of experience in designing customized travel itineraries to Australia, New Zealand, the South Pacific Islands and Asia.
We understand that no two travelers are alike so we offer endless travel choices for first-time visitors and unique, “off-the-beaten-path” itineraries ...
We understand that no two travelers are alike so we offer endless travel choices for first-time visitors and unique, “off-the-beaten-path” itineraries for repeat guests. Our Travel Advisor clients have helped us become the best in the business for customized travel to Australia, New Zealand, the South Pacific Islands and Asia.
Vintage styles certainly have their appeal. But when you go for a full authentic vintage option, you also run a lot of risks. A vintage sofa, for example, will probably fall apart much sooner than a brand new one and a vintage rug is sure to have its fair share of stains. In the three homes featured in this post, the influence of a vintage aesthetic is certainly apparent, but a few older pieces are paired with brand new items that have a classic, almost timeless look. The resulting spaces are chic and a little bit rustic, but are more likely to stand the test of time.
The first home is a marriage of vintage flavor and warm industrial trends. This mishmash is exemplified perfectly in the layered floor covers. A polished concrete floor is covered by reclaimed wood planks and on top of those is a vintage-style rug. The way the different elements in the home work together is warm, welcoming, and inspiring. Of particular interest are the scattered vintage design elements from a table fan to a suitcase-as-sidetable. The look carries through the home as well, up into the attic rafters and through a pretty mismatched dining table and stunning farmer-chic kitchen.
The second space, designed for a creative, open-minded family in 2013, has a similar atmosphere if different specifics. The hardwood here is new and stylishly designed while an amazing white leather chesterfield draws the eye in the contemporary living room. We’ve seen the clock face window in other designs, but the wrought iron look definitely fits right in here.
The last space veers further towards modern than the previous two, but still has its own rustic elements. Exposed ceiling beams always give just a hint of farm life while imperfect wood planks make for a floor with a bit more character. The interior office in this home is particularly modern with glass walls and sleek work area while the bedroom takes a cozier route with lots of warm wood and a plush bed.
Please read Carefully services Details then order....Otherwise any Confusion about my services please contact me before Order
Note: Please do not order another Seller at the same time for the same page. We cannot give you correct number in that case.
When it comes to the gig economics, Lyft and Uber are amongst the most sought-after employers.But can you really make ca
Cryptocurrency has taken the world by storm. But you need a safe space to trade them. Get your very own cryptocurrency e
[AIRDROP] MIND AI 700 pcs worth 10$ FREE Mind AI is an artificial intelligence engine and an ecosystem that was create
Steem Blockchain, and the users are called Steemians. The platform attracts lots of Steemians every day because it is an
Bollinger Bands are handy tools that traders use to measure the market volatility of a financial commodity or tradable a
The upcoming era of cryptocurrency industry would trigger up with "Security Tokens". Security Token Offerings are anothe
Trading assets in an unpredictable market are risky business. The risk is what makes stock trading a constant challenge
Maintained by the CoinPride team. User contributions licensed under cc by-sa 3.0 with attribution required. rev 2017.11.27.27868
There is visibly a bundle to realize about this. I assume you made certain nice points in features also. ekgkedeedfcf
gold rugs for sale horse rugs for sale gold coast red and area captivating home gumtree gold coast rugs for sale.
persian rugs for sale gold coast area design large,stair runners area rugs treads carpets rods for red and gold plan persian sale coast large,large rugs for sale gold coast black and round rug horse,persian rugs for sale gold coast large round rug grey and gray,one kings lane rug gray light gold grey and products blue rugs for sale coast large gumtree,rugs for sale gold coast persian floor spectrum area rug shag,gold rugs for sale large coast design black and,gold rugs for sale large coast awesome area rug intended,gold area rugs solid outdoor target black and for sale large coast persian,large rugs for sale gold coast persian twilight pale centre.
this picture has been uploaded by in rugs for sale gold coast, gold coast rugs sale, gumtree gold coast rugs for sale tag. you could surf further helpful reports in home interior group.
this image has been uploaded by in pale green bedroom curtains, lime green bedroom curtains, apple green bedroom curtains tag. you can browse additional helpful articles in home interior category.
Tender Notice for Supply of Liquid Chlorine on yearly basis at Mohara & Kalurghta WTP, CWASA – Click here for details.
Tender Notice for Supply of liquid chlorine on yearly basis at Mohara & Kalurghat WTP, CWASA – Click here for details.
Tender Notice for Supply of Alum on quarterly basis(Jan,18 to Mar,18) at Mohara WTP under Mohara , CWASA – Click here for details.
Request for Expressions of Interest for Consulting Services- under CWSISP, CWASA – Click here for details.
Tender Notice for Rehabilitation work of Damaged Road Pavement at Chittagong Kaptai Road and Quaish Junction under CD-2, CWASA – Click here for details.
Selfmade astronomical pictures of the night sky by using "old" chemical films. The earliest images are done starting around 1993 up to 2005.
Here are my selfmade images of the night sky done with digital equipment. First images have been done around 2006.
Copyright 2018 Suffolk Insurance Company | All Rights Reserved | Legal Statement | Contact Us | Powered by InDigiMar, Inc.
The English and American educational systems have marked differences. There are pros and cons to each educational system, but it seems that a consideration of the facts reveals that the English educational system is stronger than the American educational system. In English public schools, young children are taught difficult subjects from a young age, often learn multiple subjects and often must take longer tests than American students. Students in Europe have an equal shot of being admitted to competitive public schools, while that is a completely different reality in the United States. There are many public elementary schools with issues in the United States, such as low reading rates or high drop-out rates.
Children in Europe often begin to seriously study English and math at age four. These young students learn to regard their studies in a serious manner from a young age, and they approach studies with a much more formal attitude than students in the United States do. In particular, England has students take exams that are considered to be “high-pressure” exams to fully develop the academic abilities of students. In International English Schools, students may also have the ability to earn college credits while they are still in middle school or high school.
Another benefit of the educational system in England is that it tends to promote multicultural values amongst students. Students are taught from an early age to form their own beliefs about the world and to be accepting of all cultures. This is in stark contract to the education of students in America. There are many public schools in America in which it is not okay to promote a message of multiculturalism, and students may even be shunned for expressing an interest in different lifestyles. In Europe, this type of attitude is encouraged and embraced as a positive trait. This helps to create a better learning environment in the schools throughout England and greater Europe.
In England, it is very common for young students to learn multiple languages. They may choose to excel in learning English along with languages like Japanese, German, Italian or other languages that they aspire to learn. Students are encouraged to be fluent in multiple languages as a means for engaging with the world. The culture at different schools in England promotes bilingualism as a positive trait. In America, students frequently only have the opportunity to take courses in English. Students do not have the same type of encouragement to become fluent in multiple languages. Students in the English educational system are also able to pick up on new languages very fast, and this is perhaps a result of being in an atmosphere that encourages multiculturalism.
Those who wish to learn more about English schools can visit www.POWIIS.edu.my for more information. One can gain an overview of the curriculum and subjects that are taught in English schools to decide whether one believes English or American schools are more difficult.
Category: Education, Personal Growth Tag: american education, american school, english education, english school
Archives Select Month December 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) September 2015 (4) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (5) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (3) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (4) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (3) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (2) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (2) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (5) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (3) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (1) November 2010 (1)
Headquartered at Drew Freeman Middle School, the programs target aspects of Science,Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM).
Goal 1: To build community networks to develop and influence the interest, preparation (knowledge), and exploration for 4th – 12th grade students from traditionally underrepresented populations (African-American, Hispanic and Latino, and female) using ocean and climate remote sensing data, science, and technology for student education, careers, and workforce development to support NOAA’s mission-related workforce of the future.
Goal 2: To increase community of practice for four 4th – 8th grade teachers through professional development that expand their content, interest, and exploration in ocean and climate sciences and increase their ability to effectively impart this knowledge and skill to their students.
The STEM Summer Clubhouse is a hands on, interactive and engaging program at Suitland Elementary School for 5th & 6th graders with STEM and environmental education and enrichment. The Students' STEM challenges include developing a passive solar hot dog cooker and engineering the development of their school's courtyard with new plants and flowers.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity - W. Clement Stone, Executive
I was delighted to have the opportunity to speak to Delphian Gallery, an artist run contemporary gallery, about two new exhibitions on display at the Shoreditch venue. The two exhibitions of […]
RT @qmsuvolunteer: such an important article about homelessness written by @CUBmagazine https://t.co/ZkkHaj6p0A You can find volunteering o12 Nov 2018
RT @QMFashionSoc: The @RoyalOperaHouse ballets are absolutely incredible...and honestly worth checking out for the costumes at the very le11 Nov 2018
ECLIPSED is a view into a reality of African history that has largely been eclipsed in Western media. This year's film BEASTS OF NO NATION was a groundbreaking portrayal of the abuses and violence of civil war, but it was delivered through a male lens and male actors. ECLIPSED is a story by, about and starring BLACK African women---even more eclipsed than the subject matter itself in American pop culture.
I sat (just in front of Angela Bassett!) mesmerized by the authenticity of the story, the acting and the language of the play. It was the second night in previews before the March 6 opening, and it seemed these women were born to be in relationship with one another. Eclipsed, written by playwright Danai Gurira and starring Lupita Nyong’o, is a harrowing, heartbreaking, and humorous story of four captive “wives” of a rebel officer during the Liberian civil war. It is directed by Liesl Tommy and costars Saycon Sengbloh, Pascale Armand, Akosua Busia, and Zainab Jah. Mostly it is about the power of trust and sisterhood. Cue ululating here! I felt every emotion in response to the various realities of each character. Where I laughed most was when Lupita's character kept reading to the other wives from a big hardcover biography of President Clinton. Their banter about Monica Lewinsky being "Wife #2" was hilarious. Their polygamous perspective rendered ludicrous the idea of an authority figure "getting in trouble" for having multiple "wives". And my heart was ripped out when Lupita's character, in the last scene of the play, freezes onstage with a machine gun in one hand and the Clinton biography in the other, unsure which is the most secure weapon to secure her future---the power of violence or the power of education. Thank you Danai Gurira for telling this story and for bringing the beauty and humanity of African women into the light!
I was, at the time, the Managing Editor for a site called Band Bombshell. The site had been founded by a Drake grad named Erika Owen along with a friend of hers, and I came on board after the site had been alive for about a year and a half. Erika did some pretty excellent things with the site before I joined her and, between the two of us, we managed to come up with some pretty cool ways to build an audience.
We did so with a modicum of local success; at its peak, Band Bombshell was pulling down right around 10,000 page views a month, all with little promotion and no money. The former wasn't too big of a deal; the latter turned out to be insurmountable. Erika was living in New York by then, and we were doing most of our collaborating via email and Skype conversations. We had a small stable of really solid talent behind us, in local writers and photographers who expressed various levels of interest in helping out. But with no money to actually pay anyone for their efforts, interest was constantly taking a back seat to paychecks. No matter how much passion you have for a project, there are always bills to pay and passion will almost always suffer as a result. Eventually, life closed on in Erika and myself, and Band Bombshell went dark for about a month after 80/35 in 2014. The traffic numbers cratered and never recovered.
It was in the period after falling off that cliff, however, that I came to Erika with what I still feel is the best idea I've ever come up with: gather together 10 local acts, give them all a single, well-known song, and have them cover it. The idea of 10 different points of view on the same song intrigued the hell out of me, and everyone I pitched the initial idea to was just as excited. Erika loved it, we got Nova Labs' resident genius Bryon Dudley on board to help with the production side, and we were off and running. Eventually, we wound up doing a second edition, with new acts and a different song.
The bands almost universally hated the songs they were given; seven acts would wind up not turning anything in at all. Both editions were plagued by recording delays due to scheduling conflicts, and ultimately traffic remained flat, so the songs themselves were almost completely ignored.
The first 10 acts to sign on for the project, which we called "Completely Covered," were given Kanye West's "Gold Digger" to cover. It was a very deliberate choice of songs. Firstly, it was a song that was, as written, in none of the participating bands' wheelhouses. Everyone was going to be approaching the project from a similar level of discomfort. Also, since the song itself was about as bare as a collection of words can get while still being called a "song," it was going to be a real test of each act's songwriting and musical talent. Bands were encouraged to cut lyrics out, add new ones, move pieces around, strip the song out or build it up. Three acts wound up dropping out, one just two days before we were supposed to launch the project on the site. But the seven who came through, came up with covers that were wildly creative.
I haven't written anything here in four months. Traffic numbers here right now are as flat and dead as Band Bombshell's were in January 2015, when I sent out emails to 10 bands, giving them each 30 days to write a cover song. So ultimately, there is no guarantee that anyone will check out the songs THIS time around either. But I've always felt like these songs deserved more attention than they got, and figure now is as good a time as any to give them a dusting off. Not only because I'm personally proud of the idea itself, but because I genuinely feel like these covers do a good job of showcasing just how talented and creative the musicians in this town are. In the case of this first batch, 7 different acts from all over the musical spectrum were able to take a song they all despised, and spin that shit into gold. Pardon the pun.
We'll look back at them one at a time over the next week or so, starting today with the act that we used to unveil the project to the world the first time around: Ira Grace and the Bible Belt Prophets.
The duo of Marc Bailey and Sara Williams have long been one of my favorites. Bailey was the first musician I pitched the cover song idea to, and he jumped at it so fast, he wound up more or less asking Williams for forgiveness rather than permission.
Bailey did all of the songwriting on their cover, with Williams providing backing vocals on the final product. The result is a lovely, light hearted cover that more or less takes Kanye's song word for word, while still managing to sound almost nothing like the source material.
The strength of this particular duo has always been in their really beautiful harmonies, powered by Williams' voice and Bailey's lyrics. In their own songs, the pair tends to dance around one another vocally a little more than they do here, but the end result is a song that I would have loved to have heard live sometime. Enjoy.
Join us for another horror-centric October podcast as Byrd and Trev review Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence), give another big round of horror movie recommendations, and briefly touch on the Avengers trailer and the Thing "premake."
Shigeo Kageyama (Tatsuomi Hamada) is in the 2nd grade of middle school. He is introspective and seemingly an unremarkable boy. He isn’t good at school or sports. Shigeo Kageyama likes his childhood friend Tsubomi Takane, but she likes athletic guys.
Shigeo Kageyama has a supernatural power, but he wants to have an ordinary life and not rely on his psychic abilities. He works part-time at Arataka Reigen’s Spirits Agency, making 300 yen an hour. He enters a boy improvement club to make Tsubomi Takane like him, but people with strange supernatural powers appear.
We are not available on Twitter or any other Social networks. If someone posts anything using our name on social networks, Then that should be fake. Please don't believe on those kind of id's and rumours spread by them.
Delhi Elections 2015 – Delhi Legislative Assembly election was held on 7 February 2015 to elect 70 members of the Sixth Legislative Assembly of Delhi. Aam Aadmi Party secured absolute majority in the assembly, winning 67 of the 70 seats in Delhi Elections 2015.
Aam Aadmi Party’s clean sweep in Delhi Elections 2015 has come as a shocker. It seems Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) managed to consistently and successfully improve its connect … Read More
Today at computershiksha.org, we cross 20000 students mark by having 20128 students being served through 144 CS enabled centers in 10 states. — feeling fantastic
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read more.
The intelligent asphalt distributor can be used in the high graded asphalt road construction work for prime coat, waterproof coat and tack coat. It also the best choice for asphalt pavement construction under chip sealing...
The intelligent asphalt distributor can be used in the high graded asphalt road construction work for prime coat, waterproof coat and tack coat. Material as hot asphalt ,asphalt emulsion, modified asphalt ,asphalt rubber can be sprayed by this distributor. ...
Synchronous Chip Sealer is an advanced and high efficient road construction equipment which can spray bitumen and spread chippings at the same time....
Asphalt Chip Sealer DAL10-T35 is a new generation with international standard and high technological chip sealer, developed on the basis of foreign technique and practical situation in China...
DAW12-K42X can make the slurry seal and pavement maintenance engineering of the micro table place, also can be used for the highway under construction in the sealing layer and surface treatment operations....
the truck and the related slurry seal/micro surfacing technology has been applied in to use in 21 provinces on about 132 road with 361 projects. All trucks on the site show out good construction effect and been praised by use...
The DAT-9000 can pave ultrathin asphalt layer for road maintenance, also can work as a normal paver, The integrated the function of modified bitumen emulsion spraying system makes it more excellent...
Crack Sealing Machine GD5X-350Y Specially used to sealing the crack and crevices in the pavement of express ways.After notched by crack router and sealing by special sealing glue,ensure the whole usability and working time...
The permittee may allow any bypass to occur which does not cause effluent ... Leslie Salt Co. v ... septage onto a county road ...
located on Museum Road University ... named Florida ing promoted to the superintendent I does. found that the ... an action for Court In the above styled cause ...
the council usually does, plus made a Approved a street light to be installed not get potholes as quickly and to cut east just 50 yards beyond SR ... EPSOM SALT ... '
Easily share your publications and get them in front of Issuu’s millions of monthly readers. Title: Mail - Ranges Trader mail - 09th September 2014, Author: Star ...
mro bubu kye 6 tu strong nai bav strong to ... the potholes in the road and ... girl thing" quotes (<-- gag me) I am a girl - which does not negate the fact that ...
cheap notebooks paper cheap notebook for school buy quality notebook supply directly from china pattern notebook suppliers cheap paper notebooks wholesale.
buy writing notebooks online india paper for sale uk 3 easy tricks to bullet journal in a basic notebook page flutter cheap,china cheap wholesale school notebooks paper for sale stationery online writing,buy cheap writing notebooks online paper bulk manufacture competitive price printing custom school notebook with pen paperblanks,best quality wholesale cowhide paper notebook blank notepad book buy notebooks online india cheap canada writing,buy cheap writing notebooks online paper in india good essay help,cheap paperblanks notebooks stationery online notebook using happy accessories the paper singapore,cheap paper notebooks in india buy stationery online good homework service for sale,cheap paper notebooks uk online india 8 swoon worthy for bullet page flutter buy,cheap paperblanks notebooks paper canada beautiful notebook with smile face cover daily home school buy writing online india,cheap paper notebooks for sale notebook suppliers and manufacturers at buy online india.
WILLEMSTAD - The Dutch research institute TNO puts the knowledge it has gained about the use of electric buses in the Netherlands at the disposal of Curaçao.
The representative of the Dutch organization cannot say to what extent there are plans for the use of such vehicles in public transport but it could put Willemstad on the map as a model in this area for the region.
TNO will calculate the plans and will set up simulations in which the conditions on Curacao will be simulated and all necessary equipment will be tested under the conditions of the island.
WILLEMSTAD - The number of illegal immigrants trying to get on land has decreased compared to last year. This is according to the Minister of Justice Quincy Girigorie.
His statement is striking: Minister Plasterk of Kingdom Affairs announced last month that the number of illegal Venezuelans in Bonaire, Curaçao and Aruba increased. The Dutch Minister then said that it was about a few hundred refugees trying to get to the islands.
Believing you can make difference Fighting for those who can’t Challenging the status quo Never giving up Transforming healthcare client by client
To drive results for our clients, we must go beyond just changing the conversation; we must also change the way people understand and act on the most pressing healthcare challenges we face. We envision a world where everyone who needs mental health treatment can get it; where the opioid overdose crisis comes to an end; and where your geographic location doesn’t determine the care you receive.
CURA Strategies is a bipartisan integrated strategic communications agency focused on one thing: transforming healthcare to improve lives.
© 2010 Tanie loty do Polski i z Polski. All Rights Reserved. Greyzed Theme created by The Forge Web Creations. Powered by WordPress.
Today is September 8th, 2012. It means, my big day will be arriving in another three more months. OMG, how time flies soo fast!! After my big day, Christmas and New Year will come too!! Haitz, I even haven't prepared any Christmas and New Year card yet!! Well done, Tan =P
Anyway, just a quick post today! I was cleaning my room last week. And realize that I has many clothes that I can't fit anymore.
What a sweet flower and thanks for the tutorial... Don't tell me you tore this off a pretty outfit! (hehe)
Oh my word Tan - this is absolutely gorgeous. How very pretty and what a lovely gift for some fancy lady!
Oh Tan this is totally awesome ! What a fantastic flower ! Thank you so much for the tutorial, I've got to give it a try ! You rock Lady !!! Hugs, blessings and love from Catherine
A lovely flower.Indeed, your big day is aproaching fast.How exiting.I can hardly wait, to see the picture of you in your wedding dress.
I think you get a pass on the Christmas cards!!!! Just sayin'! Love love this and what a fab detailed tutorial!
Hello Girls!! Today let me share with you one great news. Last June I had one order from a lovely and beautiful bride in Singapore. On...
Love is all around. Happy Valentines Day 2012. Just wanted to say, I love all of you from the bottom of my heart =) Today’s creation will ...
Hello and thank you for visiting my blog. A short intro about myself: I am just an ordinary woman who loves doing art and craft stuffs in my free time. I have quite a lot of hobbies actually; to name a few, paper folding (origami), papercrafting, making cards, quilling, cross-stitching, and molding clay. I also like playing instruments such as the organ, harmonica, and keyboard. I enjoy meeting with others who love crafting as much as I do. I would really appreciate if you could leave any comments to help improve my blog.
You are welcome to link to Tan's Hobbies with a photo and proper credit. All words and images, unless otherwise noted, are © Tan's Hobbies and may not be used in any other way without my written permission. The crafts and tutorials are for personal use only. Thank you so much for understanding and please drop me a line if you have any questions.
Tansley Associates Environmental Sciences Inc. (TAES) is a leading-edge reputable Calgary-based environmental consulting and engineering services company. TAES provides strategic environmental regulatory management and consulting services for Canadian and international energy industry clients. TAES team consists of environmental and regulatory planners, environmental engineers, specialists, experienced wellsite construction supervisors and environmental field technicians and scientists over the Western Canada.
Over decades TAES consulting services have engaged in Pre-site disturbance assessment (PDA) and Conservation & Reclamation (C& R), drilling waste management, environmental Impact assessment (EIA), phased environmental site assessment (ESA) and regulatory approvals application, permitting and compliance services. TEAS also provides environmental due diligence and oil and gas asset liability assessment for acquisition, transferring, divestures and merging in Canada. TAES engineering services cover the wellsite construction engineering optimization, and aging well production recovery and endlife closure engineering and environmental services. TAES is pursuing a sustainable principle to serve the clients in oil and gas industry by production recovery with minimized ecological foot print and endlife liability.
TAES managed the environmental operations in the Hatton area of southwestern Saskatchewan. The project involved the drilling and completion of approximately 1850 wells over the span of 3 years in an environmentally sensitive area. TAES provided water procurement, regulatory compliance, soil conservation, landowner relations and waste management for the project.
TAES developed a comprehensive and strategic wildlife monitoring plan for the City of Medicine Hat to complement the summer drilling program. The main focus was to minimize the impact on critical wildlife and ensure the project could progress sustainably.
TAES was retained to complete material and bore management for a technical and logistically demanding 1.3km, 48 inch diameter Horizontal Direction Drill (HDD) near Vancouver B.C.
TAES was the first company to receive approval to land-spray drilling fluid in northeastern BC. Taes successfully managed over 150 wells during that drilling season and has continued to be trusted with these types of challenging projects.
TAES provided environmental monitoring and waste management consulting for the 20 km of the Bow River pipeline. This pipeline runs directly under the City of Calgary from Tsu Tina under the Chinook Mall to Deerfoot Trail.
TAES offers a full range of equipment and environmental services for land-spraying, sump sampling, and environmental project management for any drilling program, pipeline project, contamination concern or general environmental compliance consultation.
mirror with storage for bathroom vanity hidden and lift top stool youth bench set jewelry white ideas,solid oak wall mounted corner bathroom mirror storage cabinet tall round vanity with hidden,bathroom mirrors with storage vanity mirror jewelry coaster 2 piece set hidden round,vanity mirror makeup storage coaster 2 piece set with hidden medicine cabinet wall mounted white,vanity with hidden mirror storage makeup large stand desk,coaster 2 piece vanity set with hidden mirror storage jewelry youth bench and white about each large recessed box 1 x 4,vanity mirror storage ideas with jewelry wall mounted great your makeup,vanity with hidden mirror storage large shop wood wall cabinet and barn coaster 2 piece set,vanity mirror storage ideas with singapore bench stools and benches hidden,youth vanity bench and mirror set with jewelry storage white makeup lights table home for ideas best station.
Stunning amounts of free porn tube videos with hot females will give you more than instant boners. Seek for endless lust and sex inspiration here!
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) says the “young man” who blew the whistle on the massive stash of ...
From James Ojo, Abuja. Two military officers fingered in the alleged stealing of military pension funds to the tune of ...
From: Obinna Odogwu, Abakaliki The Ebonyi State chapter of the All Progressives Youth Vanguard, on Thursday, warned the National Chairman ...
From: Desmond Mgboh, Kano Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State, has pledged to send N50 million worth of assorted ...
FROM: DESMOND MGBOH, KANO The Kano State Government has acquired four new M 60 Tier III (2017 Model) Street Sweepers ...
From: Magnus Eze, Abuja President Muhammadu Buhari, ob Thursday, said corruption was fighting back more fiercely than envisaged by his ...
Saudi Arabia has advised its citizens not to travel to Lebanon and asked those who are in the country to ...
From' Rose Ejembi, Makurdi Governor Samuel Ortom ofvBenue State has accepted calls by people of the state to contest for ...
2019: Nigerians have tested Buhari And Atiku, what’s left is free election – Hon. Ugo Chima, First Republic Lawmaker
■Inspirational places that I visited: Iceland – the whole island is just magical and incredibly beautiful
■Places I’d like to visit: everywhere, actually. But I plan to go to Japan, Taiwan and Vietnam. After that, I’ll be travelling either on Iceland again or in Eastern Europe.
■Comment from Hanna: I am really excited to work at The Evergreen Hostel to help people having a good time while I am having a good time 🙂 Also I am looking forward to get to know Hiroshima not just as a tourist
Home care & personal care for seniors including meal preparation, assistance with bathing, dressing, grooming, mobility, Dementia & Alzheimer's.
For seniors including evening tuck-in, wake up in morning, assist with laundry, housekeeping, care for plants and pets. Run or escort on errands and shopping.
Basic maintenance around the home. Items in this category would be painting, wallpaper, basic electrical replacing a switch or outlet, basic plumbing and other minor repairs.
Piece of mind for those living independently in their homes. Around the clock monitoring to summon help or medical aid in the event of a fall or emergency.
General yard work such as cutting the grass, trimming hedges, raking leaves, removing junk, shoveling snow etc. This would also include cleaning the leaves out of the gutters or eavestroughs, pressure washing siding, laneway and outside of windows. Listings in this category may be a business or just a neighbour willing to do the work.
We Care Home Health Services, a leading national provider of in-home care and support services with over 50 locations across Canada, provides professional and compassionate care that allows seniors ...
© 2013-2018 Everything For Seniors Directory. All logos, trademarks and copyrights in this site remain the property of their respective owners.
Good advertising does not only just circulate information. It penetrates the public mind with desire and belief.”
•	An event management Company's reputation depends on ensuring that everyone has fun, while keeping the atmosphere safe and kind. And Evince Assure you for the safety and best promotions.
EVINCE promise is to provide a professional range of event management / promotional services in a creative, innovative and cost effective manner, ensuring our clients specific aims and objectives are fulfilled and their expectations are exceeded
It's been almost 3 _____ since we had Wedding and Birthday Party, and the experience has ____ awesome. I'm loving "party time" ____, and so do my ____."evence events" was professional ___ the time, and great ____. ______ recommended!!
Warning! evolutionmusiccenter.com has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
Lyric artwork | Custom Vinyl Records | Vinyl Artworks, commission Design music gfts Edition 60's 70's 80's 90's collection vinyls
Artwork inspired by the song “Starman” by “David Bowie”. Displayed on original upcycled “Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars” LP by the artist Jamie Wood from Custom Vinyl Records.
Artwork inspired by the song “Starman” by “David Bowie”, by the artist Jamie Wood from Custom Vinyl Records.
Artwork inspired by the song “Starman” by “David Bowie”. Displayed on original upcycled “Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars” LP with Album Cover by the artist Jamie Wood from Custom Vinyl Records.
Just some 10-15 days ago I made a blog - Game Reviews.I thought to make it a team blog and now I have 8 members in the blog.So I want to invite you people also to this blog.Games of any platform can be reviewed on the blog.Reviews should be original and not copied and pasted from another website.Now if you are interested leave your email address in the comments and I will invite you for contributing to my blog.
Hello everybody.This post is for a sequel of a story written by me.To see the first part see this post - Larry Bloyd I
Larry Bloyd, still in 6th class, failed 3 times and now ragging juniors and getting ragged by seniors. The new principal of the school, Mr Joseph made a rule that no one will go to the toilet during classes. To see that no one goes to the toilets during classes he had set some cameras in the school, also in the boy's toilets which gets switched off during the breaks.Larry missed doing toilet in the lunch break and now was stopping his urine.He thought that he can't stop it till the last period so he thought to get out of the class quietly.And he even succeeded in his plan.He was running to the toilet but in between a teacher stopped him and asked him to bring some notebooks from a class.Larry said "I don't have time to do all these stupid things" and pushed the teacher into the girl's toilet and ran from there.Then a senior stopped him and asked for some money,Larry Bloyd showed him his middle finger and ran as fast as he can.He got into the toilet.When he looked back,out of the toilet he saw that the principal was taking rounds of school.So he stood up and went to the commode.He touched his pant to open the zip.He felt something wrong.He looked down and he saw that his pant was wet.
Tell me how was the story by commenting.In the end I want to wish Orkut a happy birthday.Orkut is 6 year old now.
Yesterday I posted the results of the contest.I even told you that the first blogger to find out that odd thing in the video will get the entry to the next contest without doing anything.No one got that odd thing.You can find the odd thing after MK's player card.The odd thing is the puppies.Now lets review It's Arjun's Blog.
Content: The content of this blog is great.The new posts are very entertaining.But if we see the older posts some of them are copied from wikipedia,books and other websites.But after that the owner of this blog Arjun wrote original posts which are very interesting and fun to read.
Widgets: The widgets in this blog are good.Do feed the fishes on his blog.This blog's feed the fishes widget is my favourite widget of this blog.
This post is for the result of the Find The Differences contest.In this contest I made players of the participating bloggers on Smackdown Vs Raw 2010(PS2) and made them fight.First Rohit Rajpal and Ankit Gupta fought in a tables match.See the video below to see who
Arjun Chauhan wins this contest.I have an odd thing in the video.Spot that odd thing out in the video(presnets is not an odd thing) and the first blogger to spot that odd thing will be in my next contest's lucky draw.This is not for the ones who have got their blog reviewed on this site.
I will review Arjun's blog - It's Arjun's Blog in the next post.I will be telling the odd thing in the next post so spot it before I add the next post in 1 or 2 days.
The contest is back here.As always,the winner will get his blog reviewed by me.In this contest I will give you two pictures.You just need to find 5 differences to get to the lucky draw.By the way the picture has 10 differences.The bloggers who find all the ten differences will get a direct entry to the final.There will be no lucky draw for them.The bloggers who answer who tells 5 differences will be in the lucky draw and the winner of the lucky draw will be in the final with the ones who have given ten correct answers.Don't surf the internet for the answers.You can't copy the answers from other bloggers because I have enabled the comment moderation and I will accept the answers after the contest will be over.I request all of the bloggers who have got their blog reviewed by me that do not give the answers,but still,do comment.So here are the pictures.Best Of Luck and don't cheat.
Peugeot designer Boris Reinmöller will be online at [img]http://twitter.com/itchoosesyou on Tuesday, 8th June between 12.30pm and 2.00pm (BST).
The RCZ is particularly interesting from a design point-of-view, because it has emerged precisely true to the original Frankfurt Motor Show concept car of 2007.
Vampire, the blood sucking ghost, has both terrified and fascinated people at the same time rs gold. Scary tales including vampires are perfect to be told on the occasion of Halloween. You can simply enthrall children RuneScape Gold and glue them to their seats by narrating a gory vampire story. The story of a valiant vampire hunter will also interest young kids. Try to be animated while telling the story, in the dark rs gold, for the desired effect. You can invite your friends to join the listeners as well. It will make the story-telling more fun for you. Here, we have listed a scary vampire story, just for you!
In my leisurely hours I have often ventured to locate something about myself which is not utterly commonplace and can be linked to me as the signature tune of my personality - a habit buy rs gold, a bias, a slant in my interest. I am a music addict, an avid listener, my appetite never satiated. Every time the humdrum calls of daily living stifle the music and oblige me to turn around to the sawdust demands of domesticity rs gp. How often have I dreamt of retiring to the peaceful confines of a little room, completely shut away from the dins and bustle of the outer world for an uninterrupted period of not less than seven days at one go and remain under the unbroken spell of blissful, pure music! Like most dreams not coming true runescape gp, this too has remained unfulfilled, beckoning me like a mirage. ……
You laugh at me for being sell vindictus gold different, but I laugh at you for being the same. Experience vindictus gold sell is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson sell vindictus gold afterwards. Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Launched in 2011 by Rocket Internet, Singapore-headquartered Zalora is an online fashion retailer in South East Asia and Australasia with 1,500 employees. Rocket Internet is the world’s largest Internet platform outside the US and China, building proven Internet business models in underserved or untapped markets and scaling them into market-leading online companies. Zalora operates as The Iconic in Australia and New Zealand, and under its own brand in Brunei, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. The brand aims to bring high street fashion to the mass market.
Zalora started operations by running its content management systems, applications, websites and payment gateways—and the servers, storage, networks and associated infrastructure to support them—in a hosted data center. Then in 2013, the business launched its own brands. Combined with a loyal, growing customer base and aggressive promotions, Zalora experienced a surge in demand. The business could not scale its existing hosted infrastructure to support this growth without considerable additional investment. In addition, the infrastructure could not support peak demand without requiring investment in capacity that would remain unutilized for most of the year, while new servers could take weeks to procure and slow the process of adding new features and functions to the company’s products. The business started exploring more cost-effective infrastructure options that could also scale to support its longer-term expansion options.
Zalora’s technology team initially had reservations about migrating its websites, applications, and associated systems to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud. “It looked interesting, but we didn’t know if we could trust its availability,” says Karthik Subramaniam, chief technology officer at Zalora.
By January 2013, Zalora had seen enough of sister company Foodpanda's success with AWS to experiment with its own small footprint in the cloud. Zalora’s experience prompted its technology team to steadily expand its AWS cloud deployment. In November 2014 Zalora migrated The Iconic in Australia from a physical data center to AWS, and in mid-2015, the business launched its new Taiwan site directly into the cloud service. Zalora has since moved its websites & associated systems and are now all in on AWS.
The business is running its websites using core AWS services such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) to provide resizable virtual compute resources. The number of Amazon EC2 instances running in the Zalora AWS infrastructure has climbed from a baseline of five to 215 today, a number that climbs to 300 instances or more during peak periods. Zalora uses Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to store static assets, and Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) to deliver a highly scalable primary database for all staging and some production systems. The business implemented a custom snowflake schema on Amazon RDS, linked it to well-known ETL tools, and used it to drive core business reporting across all functions. Zalora also uses Amazon Redshift as a Data Warehouse for retail reporting, merchandise planning, and monitoring of retail KPIs. The Amazon Redshift Data Warehouse includes clickstream data from tracking tools, and the business has invested in building custom solutions around Amazon Redshift to support better decision making in their retail business unit. Zalora uses Amazon Route 53 to provide domain name services, and Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to send password reset emails on internal systems. Zalora also uses Amazon CloudFront to distribute content to users of its Australia and Philippines websites with low latency and at high speed. Lastly, the business uses Amazon CloudWatch to monitor and manage its AWS infrastructure, while the process of creating and managing AWS resources is largely automated with AWS CloudFormation.
Zalora has achieved a range of benefits from running its Australia and Taiwan websites in the AWS cloud. Even managers with no IT expertise have understood the impact that AWS has had on the business. “Non-technical management see the benefits when business goals are met faster, or we can release features more quickly,” says Karthik. “And the AWS self-help culture aligns beautifully with the way our technology team works. We received help from AWS extremely quickly when it’s needed.”
Zalora managed to minimize its investment in technical personnel and resources with the help of AWS. Of its 1,500 employees, less than 100 are engineers. The ability to provision virtual instances in minutes helps enable the business regularly add new features to its websites. Karthik estimates the process of bringing new products to market is up to three times faster with AWS than in its previous hosted data center environment. And for the websites running on AWS, Zalora can easily increase capacity by up to 150 percent to meet demand during sales, and shut down the excess capacity the following day. Zalora is now equipped to sustain recent growth and support up to 30 million unique users per month.
Karthik is extremely pleased with the service AWS has provided. “AWS is so easy and that’s the beauty of it. AWS is focused on innovation and making life easier for technology people: it’s in their DNA,” he says.
You can learn more about what kind of cookies we use, why, and how from our Privacy Policy. If you hate cookies, or are just on a diet, you can disable them altogether too. Just note that the Freshdesk service is pretty big on some cookies (we love the choco-chip ones), and some portions of Freshdesk may not work properly if you disable cookies.
We’ll also assume you agree to the way we use cookies and are ok with it as described in our Privacy Policy, unless you choose to disable them altogether through your browser.
Supreme Science is your news, entertainment, music fashion website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the entertainment industry.
Schollam Meaning: The meaning of Schollam has not been submitted. If you have the meaning of Schollam, please submit it with along with any reference pages referring to the meaning of Schollam.
So far, we've rewarded people just like you with more than $1,453,371 in PayPal cash and Amazon Gift Certificates! What are you waiting for? Get your slice of the pie now!
By signing up for SurveyU, you’ll get to share your thoughts on issues, companies, brands, and more that matter to you. Your opinions will then influence companies and brands, and help shape their future decisions.
We value your thoughts so we’ll give you points for participating in our surveys. You can choose to convert these points into gift certificates or cash, and once you reach 150 points, you can redeem them.
Besides being a major influence and helping make brands, companies, and products better for YOU, you can understand what other students think! We’ll share press releases and publicly released results on the site so you can understand your peers’ views too.
Those old enough to remember when President Clinton's penis was a big news item will also remember the "Peace Dividend," that the world was going to be able to cash now that that nasty cold war was over. But guess what? Those spies didn't want to come in from the Cold, so while the planet is heating up, the political environment is dropping to sub-zero temperatures. It's deja vu all over again.
Syria, Ready to Explode; yet the U.S. Media Remains Fixated on Trump's Sexual Encounters and Conquests
Maybe, just maybe, when this long, drawn out, reality show version of a presidential election finally comes to a welcome end, it may be possible that this media will turn its attention to critically important world affairs, especially the conflict in Syria; and the American people will no longer remain in the dark.
There is something terribly wrong when the U.S government is deeply involved in a highly volatile situation in Syria that could, at any time, erupt into a shooting war with Russia; and, at the same time, a large portion of the American people have little to no understanding of what is really taking place in that country.
Most Americans are ill-informed about how very serious and troubling this situation has become because the media keeps them in the dark and, instead of educating them about what is actually happening there, it concentrates almost entirely on this election from hell. It is, as could not be more evident, engaging in round the clock reporting of Trump's sexual adventures. That's what's called gutter-style journalism.
This large majority of Americans who remain uninformed about this tragic situation in Syria, a nation and people currently under siege by various nations, are naturally going to support the actions of their government and the military; this is to be expected when they feel this is the patriotic thing to do.
Following are some facts about the intense bombing and fighting on the ground in Syria and what these two very powerful countries, the U.S., Russia and their respective allied nations, are doing. It is very complex to say the least. If anyone doubts that most Americans are not aware and are confused by conditions in that country all they need do is ask some of their friends or co-workers what they know about Syria and then see what they say.
When we do hear even a smidgeon of information emanating from this media it is generally limited to the contention that Russia and Putin are the bad guys, that they have no justification for being in Syria; that they are fueling the fires of this conflict and are obstructing the efforts of the U.S. military which is trying to rid the country of the ISIS terrorists.
Well, here are the real facts, which this media tries to suppress; Russia entered Syria at the invitation of the Assad government in the fall of 2015. Russia is a close ally of Syria and has both an air base and a naval base in that country. So if anyone thinks that Russia is going anywhere in the near future they better think again.
On the other hand, based on the reports coming out of that region of the world, the U.S. military entered that country on its own accord, supposedly to fight and defeat ISIS and its associated terrorist groups, primarily Daesh and Al Nusra. It's no longer any great secret that the chief objective of President Obama and the military has been and continues to be the removal of Syria's president Assad from power and the installation of a new government.
Well, when the U.S. government decides it has a need to remove the heard of state of another country, that's not exactly something new, is it?
Here's a good question: How often have we heard Wolf Blitzer or Anderson Cooper on CNN, Chris Matthews or Rachel Maddow on MSNBC, or Shawn Hannity and Bill O'Reilly on Fox News, warning the American people about this highly volatile potential Russia/U.S. military confrontation? Perhaps I haven't been paying enough attention but I can't recall even one time that I've heard them say anything of the sort. But the one thing we do see is Trump continually being at the center of attention.
Ever hear a discussion about how tensions are growing between Turkey and the U.S.? Turkey is supposedly a close ally of the U.S. and a member of NATO but recently it has moved closer and closer to aligning itself with Russia. Nope, haven't heard that either but these shallow-thinking news organizations have plenty of time to report on how Trump is attempting to dismiss his own sexual dalliances by showing that former President Clinton's are far worse.
The learned CNN hosts don't talk about the crisis in Syria because they are busy playing and replaying the video and audio of that conversation on the bus between Trump and Billy Bush in which The Donald brags about how he can, anytime he wishes, grab some part of a woman's body.
Why is it that this media is not informing the American people about how its government recently announced that it is considering conducting direct attacks on the Assad government and the Syrian military; and that, thereafter, a Russian spokeswoman made it clear that if the U.S. followed through on that threat that it could result in total war and ignite the Middle East?
This counter threat by Russia should not be taken lightly because Russia has deployed very powerful, highly sophisticated S-300 and S-400 air defense missile systems in Syria; and it has said that "if U.S. warplanes attacked either Russian installations or Syrian troops they would be shot down immediately."
Mr. Obama's highly questionable strategy in Syria resembles Bush's senseless, misguided one in which he decided to remove Iraq's Saddam Hussein from power. It's kind of a "Deja vu all over again", pretty much using the same playbook as Bush but this time the target is Assad. Assad, in the eyes of many, is a tyrant but that doesn't give Mr. Obama the right to remove him.
However, he has been targeted for removal because he is an impediment in the continued quest by the U.S. and other Western nations to control Middle East resources, namely oil and natural gas. And since he won't play ball with those who are hell bent to maintain this control he has to go.
Russia is never, ever going to leave that country as long as conditions remain the same. It and its allies fighting on the ground, Iran and Hezbollah and the Syrian Army, are not going to allow Assad to be removed. So if President Obama and the military could see and digest the handwriting on the wall they would know that what they are trying to do is an exercise in futility.
There is a solution that would finally serve to bring an end to this massive, ongoing bloodbath that has devastated this county and its people. It would call for the U.S. and Russia to take positive, mutual steps to end their confrontation and work together to coordinate their military actions against the various terrorist groups in order to expel them from Syria.
Would this work? There is no doubt but that it would if the two parties to the negotiations could find a way to reach common ground. After their combined mission to eradicate the terrorists, Russia would have to exit the country; and the U.S. would need to do the same and forget about deposing Assad.
Now for those strong critics of Russia who fear its power and intentions there is no question that it and its actions must be closely monitored to make certain that it does not in any way directly threaten America; and that can be accomplished.
Based on the facts and evidence documented by independent geopolitical observers Russia is not really the great threat and menace that some of these war mongers portray it to be. It lost over 17 million of its people in World War II in the effort to defeat Hitler and, therefore, it is understandable that it may be very wary and fear any country, especially one as powerful and militarily aggressive as the U.S.
The U.S. government cannot continue to follow its aggressive military strategy in the Middle East; that has not worked and never will. One would think that by reviewing the failures of U.S. military policy in the Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan wars that the leaders in D.C. would have learned some kind of lesson by now; that when your objective and mission is faulted and cannot be justified then you must change course and turn in a different direction.
This media has, for some time, been conditioning the American people to accept and condone this government's agenda of continuous wars; to blindly support them as something that needs to be done; wars that were said to be entirely justifiable when they most certainly were not.
Well, maybe, just maybe, when this long, drawn out, reality show version of a presidential election finally comes to a welcome end, it may be possible that this media will turn its attention to critically important world affairs, especially the conflict in Syria; and the American people will no longer remain in the dark.
Just want to give some feedback. I have purchased many crafts and wooden furniture from Baner branch with different levels of support.Quality is no doubt you will find in every damn product. Unique collection. Thanks
How to search for Internet resources to use in a lesson could be interesting for teaching kids ie. Gabriele my 8 year old love!!!
Today I'm helping my friend Jennifer Walkup with the cover reveal for her debut "Second Verse". Click below to enter the Epic Cover Reveal Contest over at Me, My Shelf and I - she's giving away signed ARCs, signed bookmarks and an Amazon gift card!
Lange Crawford’s move to Shady Springs, Pennsylvania, lands her a group of awesome friends, a major crush on songwriter Vaughn, and life in a haunted, 200-year-old farmhouse. It also brings The Hunt: an infamous murder mystery festival where students solve a fake, gruesome murder scheme during the week of Halloween. Well, supposedly fake.
Weeks before The Hunt, Lange and her friends hold a séance in the farmhouse’s eerie barn. When a voice rushes through, whispering haunting words that only she and Vaughn can hear, Lange realizes it's begging for help. The mysterious voice leads Lange and Vaughn to uncover letters and photos left behind by a murdered girl, Ginny, and they become obsessed with her story and the horrifying threats that led to her murder.
But someone doesn’t like their snooping, and Lange and Vaughn begin receiving the same threats that Ginny once did. The mysterious words from the barn become crucial to figuring out Ginny's past and their own, and how closely the two are connected. They must work fast to uncover the truth or risk finding out if history really does repeat itself.
paper wall art pinterest inspired artwork for home office soap deli news mod scrapbook covering newspaper.
Everybody should support sustainable agriculture because it will help alleviate health problems, environmental pollution and help strengthen communities, as I will show in later posts – but Christians have added incentive to do so, since it is a way of worship, Biblically relevant and connected to teachings of Jesus.
First, agriculture is Biblically relevant – agricultural and food themes are ever present through allegory and metaphor in describing our faith. God is concerned with the way animals are raised and killed, crops are grown and food eaten, which he showed through numerous dietary and agricultural laws and guidelines in the Old Testament. Yes, we have the new covenant with Jesus which allows us freedom in eating choices, but the sentiment behind God’s Law in the Old Testament still is important to us today, and was upheld by Jesus in the New Testament.
Second, agriculture has served as a cleavage between faith and works; our current industrial agriculture does not reflect biblical stewardship principles, it reflects exploitation. It is rife with human rights atrocities from pesticide-laden workers in banana farms to the unfairly shrinking salaries of small American farmers in the face of government-subsidized big agri-businesses. It also damages our environment, which in turn damages us and entire ecosystems. Continually through this blog, I will illustrate some of the biggest negative environmental and human impacts of industrial agriculture and explain why Christians should not support these practices.
Third, agriculture is important because food, the lack thereof and also too much, is a source of much human suffering, which Christians seek to alleviate as Christ did. Food security is an issue for millions of people worldwide. Malnutrition and obesity plague many countries. In America, over 13% of people are food insecure, which means they are unsure of where their next meal is coming from or they are actually hungry, while 60% are obese. This is important because some people argue that industrial agriculture is good because it feeds more people, ergo, fewer people go hungry. In a later post, I will address the flaws of this statement.
ST Archives Select Month June 2018 May 2018 December 2017 November 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 January 2016 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 September 2014 August 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 August 2009 July 2009
“Orient Palms”, “Dentell.es” and “Beach-fashion.com” are online fashion magazines based in Paris (France) and Beirut (Lebanon). © 2008-2018
“Flip-Zone”, “Dentell.es” and “Beach-fashion.com” are online fashion magazines based in Paris (France) and Beirut (Lebanon). © 2008-2014
Poster designs for two Robert Frost poems that speak about freedom and how people are living in a world where segregation and violence surprisingly still exist. The contrast of warm and cold colors represents the sadness and anger people feel about this injustice. The blur effect is used to show the cases that have happened but haven’t come to light or justice.
Bullshit !!!!!. Also happen to video porno шд is free in Canada so let's hook up. msg me girls females womens aunts. Though I have no idea what life is like for you I appreciate that you're always playful and seemingly happy on set in your scenes.
if you give me chance will surely lick your pussy in real. One night, one night is all I wish. I'm a dental tech who lives on Dallas TX. She said once she hits 5k followers she'll give out her free Snapchat !!!!!.
Blog Archive July 2018 (1) May 2018 (4) March 2018 (2) December 2017 (2) October 2017 (4) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (2) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (1) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (5) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (11) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (4) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (3) May 2015 (7) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (5) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (2) April 2012 (1)
Sign up here with your email address to receive our all news and updates about blogger in your inbox. Its free.
All languages Arabic Belarussian Czech Chinese/Mandarin German English French Italian Dutch Polish Portuguese Russian Spanish Serbian Swedish Ukrainian Wolof Wuu/Shanghainese
Go big or at least have a cold one waiting for them when they bust their junk and have to fix it or load it on the trailer.
"Life's goal is not to reach the grave safely in a well preserved body. But to slide in sideways, totally worn out, shouting "Holy Shit, what a ride."
Peter’s second sermon addresses the most important issue in life. The Apostle does not waste time with frivolous matters. He gets right to the point confronting his listeners with the truth. The truth about God; the truth about Christ; the truth about sin, and the matter of repentance, the future, judgment, and also of God’s purpose to bless those whom He turns from their wicked ways.
This sermon by Peter was prompted by a miracle. If you recall last time, a man who had been born lame was healed by Christ through the Apostle Peter. A man who was over 40 years old never seen able to walk. A man acquainted by all the people because he was regularly seen asking for alms at the Beautiful Gate of the temple.
Peter and John were going up to the temple at the hour of prayer. This lame man asked Peter and John for a donation. Peter directed his gaze at him, as did John, and said, “Look at us.” He was expecting to receive something from them. Peter said, “I have no silver and gold, but what I do have I give to you. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk!” Immediately his feet and ankles were made strong. The man gets up, he enters the temple walking, leaping and praising God.
The people were filled with wonder and amazement at what had happened to this man and it set the stage for what came next. The miracle was the introduction to Peter’s message that followed. The main point in Peter’s message is this - The same power that miraculously changed this man’s life is here to change your life. Jesus Christ of Nazareth gave to this man the ability to walk and He can give you a new walk. You can walk in newness of life which comes through faith in the Lord Jesus Christ.
12 And when Peter saw it he addressed the people: “Men of Israel, why do you wonder at this, or why do you stare at us, as though by our own power or piety we have made him walk?
You think by our own power this man was made to walk? You better look again. We have no secret powers or personal piety to pull this off. You’re looking at the wrong person. No need to stare in our direction. There’s no magic in our hands. We’re no faith healers. Peter begins his message by saying, “Men of Israel”. I think Peter includes himself when he says, ‘Men’ and then look at v.17 “and now, brothers…” We’re just men…we’re brothers. That’s all we are---mere men.
Then comes v.13 “The God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, the God of our fathers….” Let’s stop right there. WE ARE MEN OF ISRAEL, BUT LET’S LOOK AGAIN AT THE GOD OF ISRAEL. By the way, Jacob’s name was changed to Israel (Gen. 35:10).
Look again at the God of Israel who is the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, the God of our fathers….
This God whom you’ve heard about, read about, and grew up learning about. The God of our fathers. Peter is saying, “we have a wonderful history, a rich history of the works of God reaching all the way back to Abraham. You know Abraham, the one who by faith “…. looked for a city which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God.” (Hebrews 11:10). This God of our fathers has glorified his servant Jesus.
His Servant Jesus - (also v.26) Most translations say “Servant”; the KJV says “Son”. Jesus is God’s Son, but He came fulfilling the role of SERVANT.
The picture of “servant” for the Jews would take them to the book of Isaiah. In Isaiah there are 4 songs called “Servant Songs”. The Jews would know these songs very well. They are found in Isaiah 42:1-9; 49:1-13; 50:4-11; 52:13-53:12. At the start Isaiah, the prophet, called Israel God’s servant. Listen to Isaiah 41:8-9
But there’s a problem. Israel did not fulfill the role of God’s Servant. Israel forgot God. Israel failed and forsook the Rock of their salvation. Where they failed, Jesus, the Messiah fulfilled. Jesus is God’s Servant. He is the Suffering Servant as described in Isaiah 52 and 53.
The One you delivered over and denied in the presence of Pilate. Pilate was getting ready to release him. Pilate’s wife wanted him release because she had a bad dream. She told Pilate, “don’t have anything to do with this just man.” (Matt. 27:19). Pilate spoke to the Jews, “it’s your custom that I release a prisoner to you. Who do you want? Jesus or Barabbas? They said “release Barabbas.”
“Yes, that’s what you did,” said Peter. You asked for a murderer to be granted to you. You would rather have Barabbas, a notorious murderer, released. You killed the Author of Life, the Prince of Life.
LOOK AGAIN at this One you denied because God raised Him from the dead. To this we are witnesses. Just as sure as you are witnesses to the miracle performed on the one who was lame, we are witnesses of the resurrection of Jesus.
The HOLY and RIGHTEOUS One – God raised from the dead. He is HOLY. HE is RIGHTEOUS. He committed no sin, neither was deceit found in his mouth. 1Peter 2:22
Yes, YOU NEED TO TAKE ANOTHER LOOK AT THIS JESUS. You thought he was permanently done away with. LOOK AGAIN! God raised Him from the dead. Jesus has shown up right here in the healing of this lame man. (v.16)
And his name—by faith in his name—has made this man strong whom you see and know, and the faith that is through Jesus has given the man this perfect health in the presence of you all.
Just as Jesus gave perfect health to the lame man. Just as He made him strong, Christ will make you whole again. He is mighty to save, and He will save all who will call upon His name.
I know that you acted in ignorance, but your ignorance can be cleared up by taking a fresh look again at the Scriptures. Let’s look at what was foretold by the prophets. What did the prophets say? From their own mouth came the prophetic message ---Christ would suffer! Isaiah 52:13 and on into Isaiah 53. It speaks of his crucifixion. His suffering, His crucifixion and death was not because He did anything wrong. Jesus is the Holy and Righteous One. Why did He suffer and die?
Isaiah 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned—every one—to his own way; and the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all
Isaiah 53:11 by his knowledge shall the righteous one, my servant, make many to be accounted righteous, and he shall bear their iniquities.
Peter is preaching and simply saying, “you need to take another look at this Jesus. The One you killed. The One God raised from the dead. The One foretold by the mouth of the prophets that He would suffer. LOOK AGAIN IN THE SCRIPTURES.
You search the Scriptures because you think that in them you have eternal life; and it is they that bear witness about me, (John 5:39)
v.19 “repent therefore,..” You acted in ignorance, but that does not mean there’s no culpability. You can’t say there’s no blame or guilt. Your sins must be dealt with. What can you do?
“REPENT” means to have a “change of mind.” It means to look again and see sin for what it really is. It means to look again and see Jesus Christ as the only HOPE for sinners.
And there is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved.”
TO HAVE OUR SINS BLOTTED OUT - Requires the Blood of Christ. What can wash away my sins? Nothing but the Blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace, (Ephesians 1:7)
What about the Restoration? (vv.20-21) Peter speaks of the “times of refreshing may come from the presence of the Lord, and that he may send the Christ appointed for you, Jesus, whom heaven must receive until the time for restoring all the things about which God spoke by the mouth of his holy prophets long ago.
First of all, this time of refreshing, and time of restoring must occur with the bodily presence of Christ. When Christ Jesus comes personally it will be a time of refreshing for the saints of God. Christ is in Heaven for now until the time for restoring all the things that God spoke about through the holy prophets.
Look in Acts 1:6-7 “Lord, will you at this time restore the kingdom to Israel?” 7 He said to them, “It is not for you to know times or seasons that the Father has fixed by his own authority.
One day Christ will return and the Earth will be the place for Christ to rule and reign for 1000 years. And even beyond that into the Eternal realm, will be an eternal restoration of all that was lost because of sin. A time of refreshing and renewal and “ according to his promise we are waiting for new heavens and a new earth in which righteousness dwells”. 2Peter 3:13
The future for the Believers is not bleak, it’s not depressing. It’s very promising. It’s hopeful. It’s a blessed hope.
while we wait for the blessed hope-the appearing of the glory of our great God and Savior, Jesus Christ,
King Jesus will come and there will be no more heartaches, no more sickness, no more diseases, no more pain, no more suffering, no more catatrophes, no more killing, and no more dying.
Look again at our Glorious Redeemer, Our Redemption and the Restoration and Refreshing from our Lord.
Peter preaches and reminds his listeners of what Moses had said. In v.22 Peter quotes Moses from Deuteronomy 18:15 “the Lord will raise up for you a prophet like me from your brothers. You shall listen to him in whatever he tells you.” This is speaking of the coming of Christ who is the prophet of all prophets. He is the Son of God, and He is the One Moses spoke of.
There is a promise given for the people who will NOT listen to God’s prophet. V.23 “ shall be destroyed from the people.”
22 Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?
26 And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, which built his house upon the sand:
27 And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house; and it fell: and great was the fall of it.
Many people simply will NOT LISTEN. They think such words from our Lord is foolishness. I hope you are not like that. If so, I would urge you to LOOK AGAIN at the warnings from God. LOOK AGAIN at the promise that God will send judgment on this world.
That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets, and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour:
3 Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers, walking after their own lusts,
4 And saying, Where is the promise of his coming? for since the fathers fell asleep, all things continue as they were from the beginning of the creation.
5 For this they willingly are ignorant of, that by the word of God the heavens were of old, and the earth standing out of the water and in the water:
7 But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.
8 But, beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
10 But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.
There are many who scoff at the thought of FACING GOD in JUDGMENT…. This past week one of the greatest physicist of our time died……Stephen Hawking…highly intelligent man…
“I regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail. There is no heaven or afterlife for broken-down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark.” (Stephen Hawking, greatest physicist of our time, died Wednesday (03/14/18)
Peter says, (v.25) “You are the sons of the prophets and of the covenant that God made with your fathers, saying to Abraham, ‘And in your offspring shall all the families of the earth be blessed.’
YOU ARE THE PRIVILEDGE…. You are in good company being the sons of the prophets and of the covenant that God made with your fathers..
The promise given to the Jewish Believers is NOT by inheritance. It is by the PROMISE MADE TO ABRAHAM AND TO HIS OFFSPRING. (SEED) NOT OFFSPRINGS (SEEDS)
16 Now the promises were made to Abraham and to his offspring. It does not say, “And to offsprings,” referring to many, but referring to one, “And to your offspring,” who is Christ.
GOD, having raised up his servant, sent him to you first, to bless you by turning every one of you from your wickedness.
Not everyone will listen. SEE Acts 4 - priests, captain of the temple and the Sadducees greatly annoyed because Peter was teaching the people and proclaiming in Jesus the resurrection from the dead.
Those who heard and believed, and repented….God gave them blessings, the blessing of Abraham, and that incudes us…
Salvation came to the Jew first, but the promise is this -- all the families of the earth be blessed.
Maybe you have not seriously considered How Christ Can Change Your Life…. I urge you LOOK AGAIN at God’s promise…. Look again at Christ, the Holy and Righteous One. Look again at the Prince of Life whom God raised from the dead…..
That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.
THIS is a WORK of GRACE - v.26 “God, having raised up his servant, sent him to you first, to bless you by turning every one of you from your wickedness.”
Ezekiel 36:26-27 26 A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you: and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh.
27 And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and ye shall keep my judgments, and do them.
This column is so late because Santa asked me to be one of his reindeer, and it took me a lot of time to learn how to fly. I just thought I would add that for all of you Steve and Dave lovers who like that kind of foolish talk in your columns.
My favorite team is still the Goths, but I also like the brother and sister team. I haven't picked a third team yet because they are all such pooheads. No offense poohead racers but I just can't like any of you yet.
The Goths remind me of Japanese cartoon characters when they wear their pink cowboy hats, or when Vyxsin wears her kitty cat ears.
Who's Your Daddy, Who's your Daddy, Who's your Daddy? IS THIS THE ONLY SHIRT RON OWNS??????????????????? Thank God my Dad didn't wear one of those goofy shirts on the race or I would still be embarrassed, now. Plus, the D's are backwards and that just bugs me.
When the sister said that she knew how to say, "There is a party in my pants," I thought that was pretty inappropriate to be on TV.
The brother and sister should have just stayed in line and not gone off to get information, because if you are nice, the ticket ladies will give you information, too.
I can relate to the brother and sister fighting in the airport because my brother and I fight all the time.
I hate when people use metaphors like "I feel like I am on top of the world" or "Two wrongs don't make a right" in conversation because no one really talks like that in the real world. If I said something like that to my friends, they would just laugh at me.
If I were the brother and sister, I would have just taken the time penalty if my plane was leaving right away. Who knows how long it will take them to get a flight, and their penalty might only be 15 minutes.
Where are Jen and Nate's backpacks? Hey, the other racers don't have them either! Phil should let us know these kinds of things, because now, not knowing where they went is going to bug me for the rest of the episode.
I officially hate our season. All of the other seasons get to do so many cool things, like zip line and rappel off stuff.
I officially hate our season. All of the other seasons get to do so many cool things, like zip line and rappel off stuff. I don't think there was one thing I did where I said, "This is amazing," like Jen keeps saying.
I would do the long and short detour because you get to zip line into the water and then row a boat near people and cliffs.
Jen and Nate remind me of Tom and Jerry when they fight because they love to attack each other and then go right back for more.
If I were Jen, I would have offered that taxi driver ten extra dollars to take me in my wet clothes. If the next passenger complained, he could just pretend that he didn't know the seat was wet.
There is a good thing and a bad thing about this wall building roadblock. The good thing is that you only have one spot to fill. The bad thing is that you know you are in last place.
Both Don and Ron are always complaining that they are so tired on the race. They should have put my Grandpa on the race, because he would never complain like that.
It would be kind of funny, and kind of not, if one of the racers got so scared of the guns shooting at them that they fainted.
Phil, don't eliminate Azaria and Hendekea! I like them. I finally looked up their names, since they got eliminated and all. They were supposed to come in second. Now, I only have one team left to root for.
Original content © TARflies Times. The Amazing Race is the property of CBS Television and World Race Productions - we don't own it, we just like to play with it. | Keep up to date via our RSS Feed. | Give us some feedback.
We are boutique studio founded by Satoshi Shiotsuki specializing in computer-generated high-end marketing imagery mostly in fields of interior design, architecture,furniture design and development.
Our style consists of very high technical level placing strong emphasis on photorealistic way of portrayal. Our Tart is influenced by japanese minimalism and contemporary architectural photography and styling.
A Clan Crest is also sometimes referred to as a scottish clan badge, badge, crest, clan shield, code of arms, coat of arms, or family crest. We can apply your Scottish Clan Crest to a t-shirt, mug, stein, sweatshirt, hoodie, plaque, ring, tile, apron, golf shirt, clock, sticker, and many other clan badge gift items. We can also email a digital JPG version of your Clan Badge to you. You can see our full line of clan crest items on our main website at: www.4crests.com
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cartCopyright � 2007 Scotish Clan Crest Gifts, All Rights Reserved.
Your Scottish Coat of Arms proudly displayed along with your Family Name History. Print measures a large 17 inches tall by 11 inches wide.
AUSTRALIA and POSTPONED provided a timely reminder of the quality to be found at Book 1 of the Tattersalls October Yearling Sale (October 7 - 9), Europe’s premier yearling sale, when winning the Group 1 Juddmonte International and Group 2 Great Voltigeur Stakes respectively on the opening day of York’s prestigious Ebor meeting.
The outstanding dual-Derby winner AUSTRALIA continued his Group 1 winning form when landing the Juddmonte International Stakes which was his third consecutive victory at the highest level following on from the English and Irish Derbies. The son of GALILEO out of the Oaks winning mare OUIJA BOARD was purchased as a yearling at Book 1 of the Tattersalls October Yearling Sale by Demi O’Byrne from Stanley House Stud for 525,000 guineas.
The Luca Cumani trained POSTPONED showed he was a horse with a future with his strong staying display to win the Group 2 Great Voltigeur Stakes. The son of DUBAWI was purchased at Book 1 of the October Yearling Sale for 360,000 guineas by Charlie Gordon-Watson and John Warren on behalf of Sheikh Mohammed Obaid Al Maktoum from the draft of Highclere Stud, who will consign his IFFRAAJ half-brother as lot 940 at Book 2 of the October Yearling Sale.
The catalogue for Book 1 of the October Yearling Sale is out now and available from Tattersalls and Tattersalls representatives and online at www.tattersalls.com. The catalogue features 472 yearlings including 29 by Champion sire GALILEO and thirteen by DUBAWI.
How we use cookies: This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience. To read more about the cookies we use and to change your settings see our cookies policy. ×
Quick Flash Player 1.3 Quick Flash Player is a stand-alone flash player that enables Flash Users to quickly browse the SWF files.Quick Flash Player offers a variety of playback capabilities including full screen mode.Quick Flash Player allows you to convert SWF files into standalone EXE files.
AVI to SWF Flash Converter 2.0 AVI to SWF Flash Converter is a software tool to convert any AVI files to SWF files. It can convert the video and audio or not include audio. The SWF files can be converted as raw flash files which you can import into Flash editor to use or edit, and the SWF files can be with or without player controller such as "Play", "Stop" button etc. You can select or create your own SWF flash player controller templates for using.
Hello all, We’re excited to announce that the pre-conference workshops for the 2018 Examined Life Conference are open for registration. We have …
Friends, It’s almost here and I’m so excited to see familiar faces again and meet new folks. We have an incredible conference …
We’re excited to announce our slate of pre-conference workshops for the 2017 Examined Life Conference. We have some great instructors lined up …
Friends of the Examined Life Conference, Dave and I wanted to take a brief second to say Thank You for an incredible conference. …
We seek to explore the intersections between the arts and medicine. How can they be of use to each other? How can they interact to make each more than they were without the other? Enjoy discussions and presentations on how the arts can be used in medical education and patient and provider care. Experience works by others like you: people who are trying to get along in the world of health care.
© 2018 The University of Iowa | The Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine | Iowa City, Iowa
A noun names a person, place, thing, idea, quality or action. A possessive noun shows ownership by adding an apostrophe, an "s" or both. To make a single noun possessive, simply add an apostrophe and an "s."
When a plural noun ends with an "s," simply add an apostrophe to make it possessive. Here are examples of plural possessive nouns:
When a plural noun does not end with an "s," add an apostrophe and an "s" to make it possessive. Here are examples of plural possessive nouns:
The format and rules for possessive nouns are slightly different between American and British English. For example, in American English the possessive case can be used with an inanimate object - the book's cover. However, in British English the possessive case cannot be used with an inanimate object. Instead the possession would be shown with "the book cover."
UppTalk is a free software also available for iPhone. It belongs to the category 'Social & Communication' and the subcategory 'Chat & Instant Messaging'.
Since we added this software to our catalog in 2012, it has managed to achieve 102,997 downloads, and last week it had 6 downloads.
The software version is 2.0.10 and it has been updated on 07/09/2015. It's available for users with the operating system Android 2.3 and posterior versions, and you can download it in English, Spanish, and German.
Know Exeter Class of 2010 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2010 Class List by adding missing names.
More 2010 alumni from Exeter HS Exeter, NH have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2010 alumni.
If you are trying to find people that graduated in '10 at Exeter in Exeter, NH, check the alumni list below that shows the class of 2010.
For former Exeter students from NH, you can view the class reunion information that has been posted by other site visitors. In addition, we encourage you to post your profile in the alumni directory, share information about the school activities you were involved with and reconnect with Exeter High School alumni.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Exeter High School	of Exeter, New Hampshire
Hey Whats up guys I hope u guys enjoyed the video I appreciate all the support u guys have given me and I’m fans of […]
The newly developed, 3.0 six-cylinder in-line engine in the new BMW M2 deploys cutting-edge M TwinPower Turbo technology to develop 370 horsepower / 272 kW at 6,500 rpm. […]
Remember 1st gear is late, 2nd is 6200 rpm and the rest will be 5800 rpm. like if you guys want more vids like this […]
The newly developed, 3.0 six-cylinder in-line engine in the new BMW M2 deploys cutting-edge M TwinPower Turbo technology to develop 370 horsepower / 272 kW […]
2016 BMW M2 – Tech Review Before driving the 2016 BMW M2 on Laguna Seca, MotoMan TV runs through the engineering changes in the transition […]
kosten badkamer berekenen. Thank you for visiting here. Listed below is a great picture for kosten badkamer berekenen. We have been searching for this picture throughout internet and it originate from professional source. If youre looking for any unique fresh concept for your household then the kosten badkamer berekenen photo should be on the top of resource or you might use it for an optional thought.
This image has been uploaded by admin tagged in category field. And we believe it can be the most well liked vote in google vote or event in facebook share. Hopefully you love it as we do. If possible promote this kosten badkamer berekenen image to your friends, family through google plus, facebook, twitter, instagram or any other social bookmarking site.
You can also leave your suggestions,review or opinion why you love this image. So that we are able to bring more helpful information on next articles. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
verlichting in straatwerk is one of the photos we discovered on the online from reliable sources. We decide to discuss this verlichting in straatwerk photo in this article simply because according to data coming from Google engine, It really is one of many top queries keyword on google. And we also consider you arrived here were searching for these details, are not You? From many choices online we are sure this pic may well be a perfect reference for you, and we sincerely we do hope you are delighted by what we present.
We are very grateful if you leave a comment or suggestions about this verlichting in straatwerk post. We will use it for much better future articles. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Rob Kardashian is an idiot who played himself. Japanese bbw huge tits. Revenge porn laws now exist in 38 states, and depending on how hard the victim wants to pursue charges, sharing these sensitive photos can result in jail time.
The first video that Kardashian posted was of Chyna in a hospital bed being taken to another room. The judge said the network had every right, under a contract that Chyna signed, to not continue the series. My Weight Loss Secret: Downpayment on your moms car. Rob kardashian nude pics. The never ending issues between Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have hit a new low. The Weeknd and Bella Hadid. Kandi Burruss couldn't be prouder! Davis reported that Chyna had told her that Kardashian physically abused her in April, and that she plans to keep joint custody of Dream.
Rob Kardashian attacked his ex Blac Chyna in a series of explicit Instagram postsincluding photos of her in the nude and a video that appears to show her having sex with another man. Her body, her choice. Kardashian continued to re-post the nude pictures even as Instagram repeatedly took them down. Skinny girls that fuck. Chyna ended your relationship months ago and she has the right to live as she chooses, work as she chooses, dress as she chooses, date who she chooses, and be intimate with who she chooses.
Get tickets for the acclaimed performer, whose resume includes working with both the Spice Girls and Stanley Kubrick, perform at Palace of Fine Arts. Since Rob just got a new girlfriendwe're glad that as soon as he drops more weight his penis is gonna look bigger.
Rob feels like he owes her this. They announced Chyna was expecting in May, and they welcomed their daughter in November. The heart of the beef appears to be Chyna's relationship with another man, and Kardashian did not hold back from putting him on blast too. Kardashian went off on Chyna on his Instagram, briefly sharing bottomless photos alleged to be from Chyna.
But yes when ur girl leaves u after u spent K on her body to get done and then leaves u after have a baby girl who is only a few months. July 5, at 2: I just bought her K of jewelry yesterday. The public drama got so bad that a few shameless artists tried to use it as an opportunity to promote their upcoming work.
The Ferrari that u pretend u got yourself. We wouldn't want his hottie leaving him because of his lack of size. You Can Achieve Anything'.
According to the same report, Kardashian did not appear in court himself, though his lawyers Robert Shapiro and Sam Klein appeared on his behalf.
The Real Housewives of Atlanta star shared the story of her daughter Riley 's nine-month weight loss journey on Instagram Thursday, and couldn't stop gushing -- and rightfully so!
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here. News Presents TV special last night. Sexy girls love cum. And she's adorable and perfect and all the updates with her in this video!
Rob Kardashian posted nude photos of his ex Blac Chyna on social media. I actually like Rob and feel sorry for him. In California, it is a misdemeanor punishable by up to six months in jail.
The upside is, every time you lose 10lbs you gain an inch on your penis. After still growing up surrounded by women. Cole's Music Makes Him Mad. Kardashian is the health and welfare of the baby [Dream Kardashian], and both parents are going to work towards that goal. On July 5 in a series of Instagram posts, Kardashian accused Chyna of having weight loss surgery and posted a video without her consent that appeared to show her having sex with another man.
NoOne says — reply to this. One source told the site that when Rob apologized over the phone to his mom, Kris Jenner, she "really put him in his place. Nicky hilton nude pics. Rob kardashian nude pics. As Refinery29 points out, it's troubling that the Kardashian family would even imply that Chyna breached a contract between them given the fact that Rob shared explicit images of Chyna to his millions of social media followers without her consent. I pay your mother since u won't even call your own mother back in months.
More of the deleted Instagram posts. If you believe Kardashian's end of the story, Chyna provoked him by sending a video of her with this unknown man this morning. By Cicero Estrella cestrella bayareanewsgroup.
That robe i prob paid for. Get tickets for the acclaimed performer, whose resume includes working with both the Spice Girls and Stanley Kubrick, perform at Palace of Fine Arts. May 11, at 8: Halsey hints that GEazy was messing around behind her back! How To Lose Weight Easily!! On Monday at 8: She revealed that she had contemplated having a baby with her barely legal teen lover. Russian female escorts. Break-ups, make-ups, allegations of battery, paternity tests, charges of infidelity have all been par for the course.
The reality star also replied to Kardashian's claims that alleged she only had Dream with him to get back at her ex Tyga, who previously dated Kylie Jenner Kardashian's half-sister. Her life, her choice.
Xxx sexi movis The same source said that the family members "are all not pleased with the incident, but they have let Rob figure it out on his own," and that they "really want nothing to do with" the situation, claiming that they "hated" Chyna. Plus, is BlacChyna getting paid to date teenagers?
SADA NUDE PICS You can see the exchange in the third on the top row of this screenshot of Kardashian's Instagram below.
Naked girls arse Chyna hired lawyer Lisa Bloom and was granted a temporary restraining order against Kardashian.
Lesbian schoolgirls go wild by the pool 3: Fast forward to the full video and you can see her licking her asshole, pussy and just sharing the pleasure. Sexy lezbos Carrie and Ava.. These two beauties were laying around by the poll until one of the girls started to take the bikini off of another girl. The young lesbian put her lips on her clitoris and sucked on it causing her to squirm and quivering uncontrollably from the incredible sensation.
Innocent lesbian redheads moaning for minutes when having their cunts eaten out by their best friends. Mature lesbian Felice loves the taste of young pussy 1: As was tying her up she got horny and desperately wanted to fuck this hottie.
Bouncing on instrument Clammy.. Kate England caught on her.. The sun helped them in getting hot and horny, and they both came with such a big pleasure! She takes her amazing butt cheeks with both of her hand and licks her pussy hard!
Wild Rush Slot - Try your Luck on this Casino Game · Multi-Hand Perfect Pairs taxiinamritsar.co ZA · Casino player at Casumo got several big wins in one week. PlayOJO Casino customer lands big win on Jungle Spirit: Call of the Wild slot! Throughout the course of two days Michał from Oborniki took to the reels of many slots available at Energy Casino and he simply continued to win! Three players at Casumo mobile casino became thousands of euros richer during one week. I'm currently over LEVEL 80 at the casino and the more I Personally, I prefer weekly cashbacks with no or very little WR, Bet-At/Slotty has one of the best I haven't played much at Casumo ever, but I have to say that most of their Got my first % match bonus there since I signed up 2 years ago lol.
5. Juli Play one of these slot machines, created by Novomatic, for free or real money at top casino sites. Free Book of Ra Deluxe online slot in your web browser. The game theme is archeology and Egypt. . with, coins whenever you hit 5 Explorer symbols in a line and playing at the maximum bet on all lines. Mai Play one of these slot machines, created by Novomatic, for free or real The explorer how to play casino online video slots the most royal vegas Book of Ra Deluxe features an ancient Egyptian theme with pyramids in sight. 5. Aug. Free slot online slot machine book of ra free Special thanks to our team: You will the standard jackpot when you land 5 Explorer symbols in a line, but only when playing at maximum bet on Bet 90 Slot Themes Egyptian.
The most recent update for FAST was 10/31/2018. A table of recent changes can be found here. The FAST database will be updated periodically. Our target is to update FAST at least twice each year.
Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife.
Government monitors what you download, they can jail you for "sharing copyrighted content". It already happens.
Solar, wind, biomass, and geothermal account for 21% hydroelectric power generating methods include using dams, wind turbines, and generators a pico hydroelectric power plant generates less than 5 kw of power these are used when very little power is required, often for a couple lights and. Solar and wind are already replacing fossil fuels around the world solar and wind have reached about a tw of installed power solar energy and wind energy isn't as energy dense nor efficient as fossil fuels there's also a matter of land taking current wind and solar capacity plants in order to. The success of solar and wind energy in california is having a surprising side effect: it may be undercutting revenue for hydroelectric dams, the the duck curve, shown here, illustrates how the rise of solar and wind energy create a growing surplus of power during midday, a phenomenon that. Free essay: are solar, hydroelectric, and wind power conceivable alternatives to fossil fuels in the future abstract: fossils fuels are diminishing though by themselves, solar power, hydroelectric power, and wind power may not be enough to completely substitute for our use of fossil fuels.
My study explores whether solar, hydroelectric, and wind power (alternate forms with very few harmful byproducts) used together can act as substitutes for oil, coal and natural gas apart from the ever-increasing price of oil these days, there are more theoretical reasons suggesting a shortage of. The most visible of the leaders are solar and wind energy, but hydroelectric energy has been a renewable resource for a long time, too although there are smaller wind turbines suited to powering some rural homes or businesses, most of the action is in large-scale installations. Solar power uses sunlight that hits the solar thermal panels to convert the sunlight to heat either air or water a nonrenewable resource cannot be replaced in a reasonable amount of time fossil fuels such solar and wind power introduction sunlight can be used to create heat or generate. Hydro and solar power technologies are two time-tested forms of renewable energy while both of these technologies offer significant benefits to the hydroelectricity represents 6 percent of all us energy production, and accounts for 70 percent of all renewable energy generated in the united states.
What is an advantage of using solar wind and hydroelectric power instead of fossil fuel to reduce the electric kg so that it would be very enough how are hydroelectricity and solar power different from what i have heard, hydro-electric energy is overall more efficient than solar energy, in the fact. Unlike solar energy, wind is sample all over the earth it is a renewable source of energy using wind energy to generate electricity is cheaper than other disadvantages of using hydroelectric power • hydroelectric dams are expensive to build • when people have to be relocated to contract dams. To replace fossil fuels, there are only three primary terrestrial alternatives wind and ground solar energy are two of these this video includes an introduction to space solar power and illustrations of the types of spacefaring capabilities america's aerospace industry can now design and build to enable. Wind power and solar power are natural sources of energy worried over the rapid rate of depletion of non renewable sources of energy such as coal and petroleum, mankind has been looking towards renewable and constant sources of energy another cause of worry is global warming and pollution. We're subsidizing expensive solar and wind power, but nuclear energy is the key to going carbon-free twenty-nine states have renewable portfolio standards which call for energy sources like wind and solar to generate a certain percentage of a state's electricity.
Why renewable energy cannot replace fossil fuels by 2050 a reality check while a range of renewable energy technologies (eg geothermal, hydroelectric, tidal, and wave currently, wind and solar energy sources constitute only one-third of one per cent of global energy. Solar, wind, geothermal, hydropower, bioenergy and ocean power are sources of renewable a problem with solar and wind energy is the sheer scale of land that is required to obtain as much hydroelectric power is cost effective and does not suffer from intermittency, but have been linked to. Solar energy or solar power can be defined as the energy that can be harvested using the sun's radiation under the form of sunlight, heat and all the other types of electromagnetic radiation that are released every second by the star mankind has used the power of the sun since antiquity, but only in.
By 2035, both wind and solar will surpass hydroelectricity generation altogether taking a deeper look into why this shift will occur will help us to better understand how important renewable resources will become throughout the united states analyzing renewable resources like solar and wind, and. Wind and solar energy are renewable energy sources capable of providing a great percentage (if not all) wind energy is essentially a result of converted solar energy in the simplest terms, it occurs when the hot air rises, the earth's atmospheric pressure is reduced and cooler air replaces it on the. Wind vs solar — which power source is better wind and solar are the heavy hitters of renewable energy they create jobs they cut pollution both wind and solar power have grown rapidly in the last decade — but they only account for a small percentage of the world's energy generation capacity.
Replacing nuclear power with wind power doesn't make sense in sweden, study shows a new study investigates the possibility of replacing nuclear power with wind power, which is by nature intermittent according to the study, this would finally lead to a reduction in the use of hydroelectricity. Most hydroelectric power comes from the potential energy of dammed water driving a water turbine energy, and fourth was solar photovoltaic[33] the low greenhouse gas impact of hydroelectricity is compared to nuclear power, hydroelectricity construction requires altering large areas of the. Hydroelectricity and hydroelectric power hydroelectricity is the generalised term used to traditionally small scale hydro power generation was achieved by redirecting the flow of water then pumped hydro storage converts cheaper night time surplus electricity or even wind turbine produced.
A solar wind power satellite, or a dyson-harrop satellite, after the scientists who invented it, would provide 100 billion times as much power as the earth currently uses, as discovery news points out researchers from washington state university published a paper describing the system in the. Wind, solar , and hydroelectric by: jessica wilson, spencer buebel, scott o'brien, jaylon brooks world wide hydroelectric power is the most solar- applicable virtually everywhere in the world unintrusive relatively predictable output cons wind- many people find wind turbines aesthetically. Hydro continued to be the overwhelmingly dominant source of renewable power consumed nationwide, accounting for 67 percent of the total, followed by wind with 25 percent, geothermal with 45 percent, and solar with 35 percent the new eia data is the latest official snapshot of how states nationwide. Wind, water and solar power are neutrality goals in the cornell climate action plan(cap) goal: support the expansion of regional solar, wind, and hydroelectric power generation capacity through procuring energy for university facilities from external projects and through construction of dedicated.
Title: Reviewing Brazilian International Collaboration Programs on IT: Challenges and Lessons Learned
Abstract: In the last years, the Brazilian government has been financially supporting a number of research projects selected from joint international open calls, especially with Europe. Important areas have been covered in such projects, such as Cloud Computing, HPC, and Future Internet. Joint projects with international partners lead to unique opportunities to Brazilian researchers, although they also pose challenges that are not often found in traditional, national projects. Opportunities and challenges are also faced by funding agencies, that need to assist researchers to achieve the full potential of international collaborations. In this talk, we will review the last international joint calls with Brazil, discussing their benefits, experiences, and lessons learned. We will also observe the faced difficulties and how such difficulties have been addressed, and finally we will provide considerations about future opportunities of international collaborations.
Lisandro Zambenedetti Granville is director of the Center for Research and Development in Digital Technologies for Information and Communications (CTIC/RNP), president of the Brazilian Computer Society (SBC), associate professor on Computer Networks at the Institute of Informatics of the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (UFRGS), chair of the Committee on Network Operations and Management (CNOM) of the IEEE Communications Society, co-chair of the Network Management Research Group (ƒNMRG) of the Internet Research Task Force (IRTF), and member of the Brazilian Internet Steering Committee (CGI.br). As Director of CTIC/RNP, Lisandro is responsible for running the processes of advertising, selecting, assisting, and managing research projects developed by Brazilian universities and research centers. As a researcher, Lisandro’s topics of interest include network management, dynamic circuit networks, software-defined networking, and network functions virtualization.
Heidi L. Morgan, PhD. is the Director of the Center for Internet Augmented Research and Assessment (CIARA) at Florida International University. She is a Co-PI for several NSF funded projects including SwitchOn – Exploring and Strengthening US-Brazil Collaborations in Future Internet Research (switchon.ampath.net), PIRE: Training and Workshops in Data Intensive Computing Using The Open Science Data Cloud (www.opensciencedatacloud.org), Americas Lightpaths: Increasing the Rate of Discovery and Enhancing Education across the Americas (amlight.net) and the AMPATH International Exchange Point in Miami. Heidi enjoys working to advance research and education networking initiatives in the Caribbean, Mexico, Central and South America and collaborating with likeminded professionals in the US and around the world.
Abstract: Future Internet and distributed cloud (FIDC) testbed researchers in Brazil and the US are among the first participants in a developing worldwide trend toward greater federation of research cyberinfrastructure. Federation of FIDC testbeds offers a promising value proposition for both operators and end users, offering scale, geographic diversity, and resource heterogeneity, while maintaining local control over resources, policies, and cost.
Federation of FIDC testbeds occurs at several levels, but the first (and often most challenging) step is the human-to-human and organization-to-organization process of establishing trust and resource sharing agreements and the associated implementation policies. Once this step is addressed, the technical implementation may include some or all of AAA (authentication, authorization, and accounting) federation, control plane federation, and data plane federation. Established or emerging standards exist for each of these aspects of technical federation, at various levels of maturity.
Thanks to strong researcher-to-researcher relationships, there are a number of very compelling examples of federation between Brazilian and US testbeds, supporting a variety of research collaborations. There is great potential in pursuing two promising paths for expanding the power of these federations. One path is to agree upon and implement policies that simplify human-level processes, moving toward routine, automated instantiation of federated infrastructure configurations. A second path is to continue to expand research and infrastructure collaborations to a broader set of participating countries and regions.
Mark Berman is Vice President for Technology Development at BBN and Project Director for NSF’s GENI project, with overall responsibility for GENI’s technical direction and successful implementation. At BBN, Mark works to bring technical innovations into practical use. Mark’s research interests are in the area of complex distributed systems and their usability. As VP of BBN’s Intelligent Computing business, he exercised management oversight for numerous research and technology transition efforts, across a diverse set of disciplines and advocated for an open source approach to technology transition. Mark holds A.B. and S.M. degrees in computer science from Harvard.
Abstract: While cloud services have become ubiquitous to all major 21st century economic many open questions remain on how to best assimilate and leverage this new technology. In particular, many open research questions concern the relationship between cloud computing and high performance computing, the suitability of cloud computing for data-intensive applications, and its position with respect to emergent trends such as Software Defined Networking. A persistent barrier to further understanding of those issues has been the lack of a large-scale testbed where they can be explored. This is partly because a suitable experimental platform would require large investment in hardware and support for deep reconfigurability to provide the required support for reliable and reproducible research.
With funding from the National Science Foundation (NSF), the Chameleon project provides such platform to the open research community allowing them to explore transformative concepts in deeply programmable cloud services, design, and core technologies. The testbed, deployed at the University of Chicago and the Texas Advanced Computing Center, will ultimately consist of almost 15,000 cores, 5PB of total disk space, and leverage 100 Gbps connection between the sites. While the primary investment in hardware deployed so far consists of primarily of homogenous hardware to support large-scale experiments, future capabilities will support heterogeneous units allowing experimentation with high-memory, large-disk, low-power, GPU, and co-processor units. To support a broad range of experiments, the project provides a configuration system allowing full control of the software stack, from provisioning of bare metal and network interconnects to delivery of fully functioning cloud environments. This talk will describe the goals, the building, and the capabilities of the testbed.
Kate Keahey is one of the pioneers of infrastructure cloud computing. She created and leads the development of the Nimbus project, recognized as the first open source Infrastructure-as-a-Service implementation, and engages in many application leveraging cloud computing capabilities for science. She also leads the Chameleon project, a distributed experimental platform for cloud computing research. Kate is a Scientist at Argonne National Laboratory and a Senior Fellow at the Computation Institute at the University of Chicago.
Abstract:Nowadays the cloud computing technology allows us to integrate local resources (networks, grids and private clouds) to intensive computing centers (data centers), forming a hybrid and heterogeneous environment accessible through the Internet. However, new emerging technologies, notably Internet of Things (IoT), bring with them new requirements to support mobility, geographical distribution, location awareness and low latency, requiring a new platform. To address these new challenges the cloud is migrating to the network edge. This evolution of the cloud demands a new paradigm that extends the cloud computing services to the edge of the network, to meet a new generation of services and applications. In this talk, I will present Chameleon, the LRC (Computer Network Laboratory)/UNICAMP multicloud testbed, designed to meet the IoT requirements. Chamaleon consists of a hardware infrastructure with the capacity to hostmultiple cloud technologies and a software infrastructure to orchestrate the execution of distributed applications, integrate technologies and facilitate cooperation between the various levels of multicloud environments. Several applications that use Chamaleon will be commented, such as image processing applications, scientific workflows, sensor network applications, vehicular applications and Hadoop applications.
Edmundo R. M. Madeira is a Full Professor at the University of Campinas (UNICAMP), Brazil. He received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from UNICAMP in 1991. He has published over 150 papers in national and international conferences and journals. He was the General Chair of the 7th Latin American Network Operation and Management Symposium (LANOMS’11), and he was a Technical Program Co-chair of the IEEE LatinCloud’12. He is a member of the editorial board of Journal of Network and Systems Management (JNSM), Springer. His research interests include network management, future Internet and cloud computing.
Abstract: A broad number of large-scale network testbeds have been proposed in the last couple of years as a mean of better supporting Future Internet research. This paper present Bambu, a metropolitan innovation testbed for promoting experimental researches in the city of Salvador, Bahia.
Leobino N. Sampaio is Assistant Professor at Federal University of Bahia (UFBA) since 2010. He holds Bachelors in Computer Science from Salvador University (UNIFACS) in 1996, and Master Science from Salvador University (UNIFACS) in 2002 and PhD in Computer Science by Federal University of Pernambuco (UFPE) in 2011. He has a large experience in computer networks, in particular, network measurements and performance evaluation. Currently, his research interests are software-defined networking, mobile communication, content-centric networks, and energy efficiency in data center networks.
Abstract: Since 2009, Clemson University embarked on a series of NSF projects that led its researchers and IT engineers through an exciting learning curve for software defined networking (SDN) and cloud computing technologies. From academic explorations of NSF GENI, CC-NIE, FutureCloud to production adoption of SDN-based data center fabric, we have worked on SDN and cloud programming and integration at data center, campus, regional, national, and international scope. It is our belief that software defined infrastructures (SDIs) around the world will be increasingly federated and interoperable, allowing applications to be launched from anywhere, with highly customizable communication with other services near and far. As a result, their logical requirements, both locally and globally, will be driving the federated SDI architecture, which will shape the future Internet.
Dr. K.-C. Wang is an Associate Professor at the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Clemson University as well as the Networking CTO for CCIT, the university’s IT organization. He was on sabbatical at the Stanford Open Networking Lab (ON.Lab) in 2012, and visiting Big Switch Networks, a leading SDN startup, from 2013-2015 working on SDN and Cloud orchestration software development. He received his Ph. D. in Computer Engineering from UW-Madison in 2003. Dr. Wang is the PI for several NSF GENI future Internet projects deploying SDN, WiMAX, and compute racks for nationwide research experimentation. He is also the PI for “Clemson NextNet” – a NSF campus cyber-infrastructure project for deploying university wide SDN and building a SDN support team in the IT organization. He is a member on the US Ignite mentoring team for integrating SDN with broadband applications. At ON.Lab, he was on the team that developed the first demo of SDN-BGP wide area networking support. Prior to GENI, he has developed a range of network testbeds with different wireless technologies including Wi-Fi, WiMAX, and Zigbee for infrastructure, ad hoc, and sensor wireless networks sponsored by NSF, USDOT, SCDOT, BMW, Cisco Systems, and CH2M Hill.
Abstract: In 2014, OpenFlow was enabled at AmLight network to create a Software-defined Networking infrastructure, focusing on provisioning optimization and network virtualization support. The virtualization feature has been deployed to support experimental testbeds, providing a platform for innovation for researchers in the U.S. and Latin America. Even though AmLight is a production infrastructure, experimentation has been widely supported, and researchers encouraged to use it for prototyping their applications. Since 2014, more than eight testbeds were created in parallel with production applications. This presentation plans to introduce AmLight SDN resources available to support new network testbeds between the U.S. and South America, as well describe future actions to enhance academic collaborations.
MSc in Mechatronics and BS in Computer Science by the Federal University of Bahia/Brazil, Jeronimo Bezerra has been involved with academic networks for the last 12 year. Currently, he is the AmLight Senior Network Engineer (www.amlight.net), being responsible for the AmLight Software Defined Network and all its applications, protocols and performance requirements.
Abstract: The technical structure of the Internet is now starting to undergo a major transformation into its next generation, which many are calling Software Defined Infrastructure (SDI). This transformation is opening up major new opportunities for research. We will briefly discuss this transformation as well as the next steps being planned from a United States perspective.
Chip Elliott is Principal Investigator for GENI, a nationwide suite of experimental infrastructure being created by the National Science Foundation for at-scale research in future internet architectures, services, and security. He is Chief Scientist at Raytheon BBN Technologies, Adjunct Professor at Dartmouth College, a Fellow of the AAAS, ACM, and IEEE, and an active inventor with 90 patents. Mr. Elliott has served on many national panels and has held visiting faculty positions at Tunghai University in Taiwan and the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.
Abstract: The NSF has recently initiated a grant to US Ignite to add a locavore infrastructure in 15 gigabit US cities and to create a self-sustaining set of innovative, interoperable, and interconnected smart city applications made feasible by that infrastructure. The outline of that infrastructure will be presented and an invitation issued to Brasilian cities, universities, and funding agencies, to research, develop, deploy, and interconnect a Brasilian-customized version. Especially valuable will be projects which involve both US and Brasilian researchers working on bleeding-edge applications and/or the infrastructure to support them which would be researched, developed, deployed and tested in both countries. Other potential international partners including Europe and Japan are also considering such joint projects.
Glenn Ricart is founder and CTO of US Ignite, a nonprofit creating an ecosystem of innovative applications and services in smart gigabit communities enabled by software-driven infrastructure. US Ignite brings together corporations, cities and regions, government, nonprofits, and academic to make and deploy these innovative applications and services. Dr. Ricart is also Adjunct Professor in the School of Computing at the University of Utah. Previously, Glenn was CEO of National LambdaRail, Managing Director of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Executive Vice President and CTO of Novell during its heyday, Program Manager at DARPA, and Assistant Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs and academic CIO at the University of Maryland. Dr. Ricart was inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame as an Internet Pioneer in 2013. He is also the founder or co-founder of five startups raising a combined total of $190M.
Abstract: Smart cities require a variety of new services to be available to citizens of large urban spaces, based on data coming from different sources. This will pose high demands for dynamic allocation of existing computing and communication infrastructure that currently are based on datacenters. We advocate that the management of dynamic configuration mechanisms for cloud elasticity, SDN and NFV is a key feature for enabling such new scenarios. Encouraging results with dynamic datacenter reconfiguration will be used for providing services for smart cities, such as dealing with high and varying density of people in particular locations.
Carlos Alberto Kamienski received his Ph.D. in computer science from the Federal University of Pernambuco (Recife PE, Brazil) in 2003. He is an associate professor of computer science at the Federal University of ABC (UFABC) in Santo André SP, Brazil, where currently he holds the position of director of international relations. His current research interests include cloud computing, software-defined networks, future internet, network function virtualization, analysis of online social networks and smart cities.
Abstract: Computer systems are everywhere. Society is dependent on networked computer systems and software for everything from running the smart grid that powers your house to social networking with your family and friends. The societal dependency has raised new responsibilities for scientists to develop sound methods and practices to protect computer systems from attack, as well as protect the user against privacy threats created by ubiquitous computer systems. The methods and practices must consider both threats from attackers looking to compromise systems, as well as the privacy and human factors considerations new systems bring to users. Cyber security scientists and engineers are also faced with the daunting task of not just securing systems against lone individuals, but also nation states using computer systems to carry out their political and military agendas. In this talk, I will discuss these challenges from the viewpoint of implementing security across layers of abstraction, and designing systems that protect user privacy and that take into account the social, behavioral and economic implications of security.
Daniela Oliveira is an Associate Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Florida. She received her B.S. and M.S. degree in Computer Science from the Federal University of Minas Gerais in Brazil. She then earned her Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California at Davis. Her main research interest is interdisciplinary computer security, where she employs successful ideas from other fields to make computer systems more secure. Her current research interests include employing warfare deception strategies to protect OS kernels. She is also interested in understanding the nature of software vulnerabilities and social engineering attacks, especially how these attacks can be prevented from a Psychological perspective. She received an NSF CAREER Award in 2012 for her innovative research into operating systems’ defense against attacks using virtual machines and the 2014 NSF Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE).
Abstract: This talk provides an overview of the NovaGenesis convergent information project, summarizing its current research and development activities. It also presents a list of research opportunities – open problems – that could be addressed by our team together with other institutions in joint research initiatives.
Antônio Marcos Alberti received the degree in Electrical Engineering from Santa Maria Federal University (UFSM), Santa Maria, RS, Brazil, in 1986, and the M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Campinas State University (Unicamp), Campinas, SP, Brazil, in 1998 and 2003, respectively. In February 2004, he joined National Institute of Telecommunications (INATEL), Brazil, as an Adjunct Professor. He was a visiting researcher at Future Internet Department at Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute (ETRI), South Korea, from March 2012 up to February 2013. He is the head of the INATEL’s ICT Lab and chief architect of NovaGenesis convergent information architecture project. His current interests include Future Internet Design, Internet of Things, Cloud Networking, Service-Defined Architectures, 5G, Cognitive Radio and Cognitive Radio Networks.
Abstract: This presentation covers Brocade’s latest SDN/OpenFlow feature developments, including the Brocade SDN Controller, the Brocade Flow Optimizer application, and new router OpenFlow features. The presentation also briefly discusses related research work by the author on SDN/NFV Policy Framework and Architecture.
Norival Figueira received Ph.D. and M.S. degrees in Computer Science from the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). Dr. Figueira is currently a distinguished member of the Office of the CTO at Brocade, where he leads projects in the areas of SDN and network policies and security. Previously, Dr. Figueira was on Brocade’s product management team, where he led the development of SDN/OpenFlow and other advanced features on Brocade router products. Prior to Brocade, Dr. Figueira served in senior leadership positions with Foundry Networks, Hammerhead Systems, Nortel Networks, and Bay Networks. Dr. Figueira is accredited with the issuance of 18 US patents in networking technology.
Transportation from Renaissance Marriott Sao Paulo to the restaurant will be provided. At 7:30pm a bus will be in front of the hotel.
Abstract: The current Internet names the hosts, leaving it to the application to locate the host with the desired data. However, with the emergence of technologies such as CDNs and the cloud, and trends such as mobility and IoT, the need to associate data with an IP address has become a hindrance. This misalignment requires enormous corrective effort at the expense of application complexity and robust security.
Named Data Networking (NDN) transforms the current network of hosts into a network of data objects. In the process, application complexity is substantially reduced and data is easily secured. A named data network is an efficient content distributor that can natively support communication models such as multicast and anycast, routing models such as multipath and data operations such as publishing, discovery and caching. In general, NDN offers a network service model that aligns better with user needs, building a stronger foundation for current and future applications.
Christos Papadopoulos is currently a professor at Colorado State University. He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science in 1999 from Washington University in St. Louis. In 2002 he received a NSF CAREER award to explore router services as a component of the Internet architecture. He currently works on future Internet architectures, network security and measurements. Active projects include Named Data Networking (NDN), Supporting Climate Applications over NDN, Netbrane, PREDICT, Retro-Future, WIT-II and Making Internet Routing Data Accessible to All. He is a senior IEEE member and has served on numerous ACM and IEEE conference program committees.
Abstract: One of the Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) research goals is to create a fully mobile and connected society where the right information is ready to be used by humans, machines and systems. To achieve this goal, communication technologies should be capable of providing the requirements of users and applications with a smarter and efficient use of resources.
Future Internet research embraces several efforts towards this direction. However, there are research challenges in order to deploy new network architectures and enable new types of applications based on Future Internet Architectures (FIAs). A fully programmable infrastructure and the interconnection of the FI infrastructures that are already available are two of these challenges. This talk addresses these points and present our vision and ongoing research in order collaborate with deployment of the Future Internet.
Holds a Ph.D. from the Polytechnic School of the University of São Paulo (2013) and a M.Sc. in Computer Science from the Federal University of Uberlandia (2004). Has a BSc in Computer Science degree from the Federal University of Uberlandia (1993) and a BSc in Electrical Engineering from the Federal University of Uberlandia (1992). Currently associate professor at FACOM. He holds more twenty years of experience in software development using object-oriented technology and systems integration, project management using the method of PMI, team building and training of professionals. Experience in software development, especially high available and distributed web based systems. Knowledge and experience in software development, software defined networking, protocols design, systems architecture and security. Experience in SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and use of Web Services for integration between systems. Responsible for development of the first CAD/CAE Brazilian software for the design of electrical plans.
Abstract: BGP software and policy configuration are widely acknowledged to be highly complex. A research question of interest in whether simplifications are possible to inter-domain routing protocols for best-effort IP service in the new SDN paradigm.
There is an effort called Application Layer Traffic Optimization (ALTO) underway in the IETF to define a protocol that enables applications to request and receive information such as network topology, path costs, link availability, routing policies, and end-host properties. Providers can offer network information in abstracted form since the ALTO protocol offers topology hiding. The ALTO protocol was proposed for IP-routed best-effort services. We propose to explore whether the ALTO protocol can be extended to support advance-reservation dynamic L2-path and L1-circuit services.
Computer Engineering at the University of Virginia (UVa). Dr. Veeraraghavan received her BTech degree from Indian Institute of Technology (Madras) in 1984, and MS and PhD degrees from Duke University in 1985 and 1988, respectively. After a ten-year career at Bell Laboratories, she served on the faculty at Polytechnic University, Brooklyn, New York from
1999-2002, where she won the Jacobs award for excellence in education in 2002. She served as Director of the Computer Engineering Program at UVa from 2003-2006. Her current research work on optical and IP networks is supported by NSF and DOE. She holds twenty-nine patents, has over 100 publications, and has received five Best-paper awards. She is currently serving as TPC Co-Chair of IEEE BlackSeaCom 2016. She served as the Technical Program Committee Chair for IEEE ICC 2002, and Associate Editor for the IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking.
3. Exploring research collaborations between University of Puerto Rico and Brazil, José Ortiz-Ubarri (University of Puerto Rico)
Abstract: For the last few years my research group has dedicated most of the time in educational projects to improve CS curriculum and the way computer science is taught at the University of Puerto Rico, and cyber infrastructure to support big data transfers. However our main research interests are computer and network security, and the application of high performance technologies to solve computationally intensive scientific problems.
José Ortiz-Ubarri is an Associate Professor at the University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras, USA. He received a B.S. degree in Computer Science from the University of Puerto Rico (UPR), Rio Piedras in 2003, and a PhD degree in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez in 2010. His research interests include computer and networks security, high performance computing, and computer science education. He is the director of the NSF supported project Perimeter Network to Expedite the Transmission of Science (PR-NETS) at the University of Puerto Rico. José was a systems and network administrator for seven years at the High Performance Computing facility of the UPR. He is a member of the technical committee of the International Conference on Malicious and Unwanted Software (2013-2015).
As the Assistant Vice President for Technology Augmented Research at FIU, Dr. Julio Ibarra is responsible for furthering the mission of the Center for Internet Augmented Research and Assessment (CIARA) – to contribute to the pace and the quality of research at FIU through the application of advanced Cyberinfrastructure. He is responsible for strategic planning and development of advanced research networking services, including the development and management of the AMPATH International Exchange Point for Research and Education networks, in Miami, Florida. He holds B.S. and M.S. in Computer Science from FIU, and Ph.D. in Telematics and Information Technology from Twente University.
Jason Liu is an Associate Professor at Florida International University in Miami, Florida, USA. He received a B.A. degree in Computer Science from Beijing University of Technology in China in 1993, an M.S. degree in Computer Science from College of William and Mary in US in 2000, and a PhD degree in Computer Science from Dartmouth College in US in 2003. His research interests include parallel discrete-event simulation, high-performance modeling and simulation of communication networks and computer systems. Dr. Liu is currently a steering committee member for the ACM SIGSIM-PADS conference and an associate editor for ACM TOMACS and SIMULATIONS journals. He was a general chair for PADS’12, MASCOTS’10, and SIMUTools’11, and a program chair for SIMUTools’10 and PADS’08. He also served on the technical committees for many conferences. Dr. Liu is an NSF CAREER Awardee in 2006 and an ACM Distinguished Scientist in 2014.
Abstract: In this talk, I’ll touch briefly on a number of issues. Here, I highlight two: Federated networking in the future presents a number of challenges. In a new collaborative project between Brazil, US, and Belgium, we are investigating a wide-area federated network environment where applications require deterministic network services (such as high quality video conferencing services). We are exploring research as well as technical challenges in establishing federation and coordination between three different sites located in three different continents. In particular, we are exploring how software-defined networking can be used in this federated environment to give service guarantees.
Virtual machine migration is an important requirement in a data center networking to allow resource flexibility. We want to understand how migration works with the increase the speed of underlying networks in a data center. Our initiation assessment is that scheduling algorithms needs to be network-speed aware since the network speed reduces the time taken to migration VMs. In this collaborative work, we are considering new scheduling algorithms that are network- aware to show how performance can be improved. We are further continuing this work to consider the topological structure of the data center networks in addition to network speed.
Deep Medhi is Curators’ Professor in the Department of Computer Science & Electrical Engineering at the University of Missouri-Kansas City, USA, and honorary professor in the Department of Computer Science & Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology-Guwahati, India. He obtained B.Sc. in Mathematics from Cotton College, Gauhati University, India, M.Sc. in Mathematics from the University of Delhi, India, and his M.S. and Ph.D. in Computer Sciences from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA. Prior to joining UMKC in 1989, he was a member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories. He is the Editor-in-Chief of Springer’s Journal of Network and Systems Management, and is on the editorial board of IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking, IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management, and IEEE Communications Surveys & Tutorials. His research has been funded by NSF, DARPA, and industries. He is co-author of the books, Routing, Flow, and Capacity Design in Communication and Computer Networks (2004) and Network Routing: Algorithms, Protocols, and Architectures (2007), both published by Morgan Kaufmann Publishers/Elsevier Science.
Abstract: In this talk, we will present Mininet-WiFi as a tool to emulate wireless OpenFlow/SDN scenarios allowing high-fidelity experiments that replicate real networking environments. Mininet-WiFi augments the well-known Mininet emulator with virtual wireless stations and access points while keeping the original SDN capabilities and the lightweight virtualization software architecture. We will present a demo use case in a mobile video streaming scenario to showcase the ability of Mininet-WiFi to emulate the wireless channel in terms of bandwidth, packet loss, and delay variations as a function of the distance between the communicating parties.
Christian Esteve Rothenberg is an Assistant Professor in the Faculty of Electrical and Computer Engineering at University of Campinas (UNICAMP), where he received his Ph.D. in 2010 and currently leads the INTRIG (Information & Networking Technologies Research & Innovation Group). From 2010 to 2013, he worked as Senior Research Scientist in the areas of IP systems and networking at CPqD Research and Development Center in Telecommunications (Campinas, Brazil), where he was technical lead of R&D acitivities in the field of OpenFlow/SDN such as the RouteFlow project, the OpenFlow 1.3 Ericsson/CPqD softswitch, or the ONF Driver competition. Christian holds the Telecommunication Engineering degree from Universidad Politecnica de Madrid (ETSIT – UPM), Spain, and the M.Sc. (Dipl. Ing.) degree in Electrical Engineering and Information Technology from the Darmstadt University of Technology (TUD), Germany, 2006. Christian holds two international patents and has over 50 publications including scientific journals and top-tier networking conferences such as SIGCOMM and INFOCOM. Since April 2013, Christian is an ONF Research Associate.
Abstract: Mininet is a popular container-based emulation environment built on Linux for testing OpenFlow applications. Using Mininet, one can compose an experimental network using a set of virtual hosts and virtual switches with flexibility. However, it is well understood that Mininet can only provide a limited capacity, both for CPU and network I/O, due to its underlying physical constraints. We propose a method for combining simulation and emulation to improve the scalability of network experiments. This is achieved first by applying the symbiotic approach to effectively integrate emulation and simulation for hybrid experimentation. For example, one can use Mininet to directly run OpenFlow applications on the virtual machines and software switches, with network connectivity represented by detailed simulation at scale. We also propose a method for using the symbiotic approach to coordinate separate Mininet instances, each representing a different set of the overlapping network flows. By effectively distributing network emulation among separate machines, one can significantly improve the scalability of the network experiments.
Abstract: Our research addresses the need to provide more capacity to accommodate the ever increasing demand for bandwidth generated by Internet traffic. At the current stage, we investigate the ability of elastic networking to provide a response to this need. The next stage will be the deployment of a new infrastructure based on a new generation of optical fibers that support space division multiplexing (SDM). Networking solutions for SDM are under investigation, as well as business and regulatory issues related with such emerging infrastructures.
Helio Waldman is a Collaborating Professor at Universidade Estadual de Campinas (UNICAMP), where he retired in 2006 as a Full Professor (Professor Titular). Between 1986 and 1990, he served as the first Research Provost of UNICAMP, after a 4-year term as the Director of its old Campinas Engineering School (FEC), which originated its current Schools (Faculdades) of Computer and Electrical Engineering (FEEC), Mechanical Engineering and Chemical Engineering. In 2006, he joined the staff of the newborn Universidade Federal do ABC (UFABC), where he reached compulsory retirement in 2014, at the age of 70, after serving a 4-year term as President (Reitor). He received an Engineer degree from Instituto Tecnológico de Aeronáutica (ITA) in 1966, and M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees from Stanford University in Stanford, California, USA, in 1968 and 1971 respectively. His research interests include modelling of the routing and spectrum assignment (RSA) in emerging elastic optical networks (EON’s), survivability of optical networks, modelling of optical buffers, and application of Game Theory to the modelling of competitive and regulatory strategies in the Internet and other public utility environments.
Abstract: We will describe the network infrastructure used to provide services for RNP’s growing user base throughout Brazil. These services are based on a national backbone network linking points of presence in every state, with international connectivity to the rest of Latin America, to the United States and to Europe. This structure provides network access to over 1200 research and higher education sites, providing them with quality connectivity to both academic and commercial sites both in Brasil and throughout the world. RNP also provides specific support for using the network as a laboratory for both present and future Internet experimentation, and this will also be presented.
Michael Stanton is Director of Research and Development at RNP, the Brazilian national research and education network. After a PhD in mathematics at Cambridge University in 1971, he has taught at several universities in Brazil, since 1994 as professor of computer networking at the Universidade Federal Fluminense (UFF) in Niterói, Rio de Janeiro state, until his retirement in 2014. Between 1986 and 1993, he helped to kick-start research and education networking in Brazil, including the setting-up and running of both a regional network in Rio de Janeiro state (Rede-Rio) and RNP. He returned to RNP in 2001, with responsibility for R&D and RNP involvement in new networking and large-scale collaboration projects. Since 2012, Michael’s new international activities have included representing RNP on the Global CEO Forum’s Global Network Architecture (GNA) group, engaged in the design of the architecture of the future academic Internet, and joining the Council of the Research Data Alliance in 2014.
Abstract: The network of a campus or a research enterprise supports multiple business operations: Network traffic associated with administration, The network must be operated with security that protects the financial and personnel data of the organization. At the same time, these networks also support scientific research processes. Researchers depend on the network infrastructure to share, store, and analyze research data from many different external sources.
Campus networks are normally not engineered to support the data movement requirements of data intensive science. Data intensive science applications experience poor performance on general purpose networks. Campuses serve multiple communities of interest. As a result, they are faced with the following challenge: How can campus networks be adapted to optimize flows from science applications without impacting the operation of their production networks?
This talk explores the concept of the Science DMZ as a methodology to reengineer the campus network to support the needs of multiple communities of interest, in particular, the science research community conducting data intensive science, alongside production operation. The implementation of a Science DMZ at FIU’s campus is described. It is a component of a project called FlowSurge: a coordinated and coherent approach to bridging among different cyberinfrastructures by building a Science DMZ at FIU that can be tailored to support the needs of high-performance science applications and data-intensive flows.
Researchers, from their laboratory, will be able to (1) generate science flows to shared CI or CI- connected resources on the campus; at other campuses; or at regional, national or international sites. (2) Orchestrate and participate in “at-scale” experiments by using FlowSurge to tailor the end-to-end path for optimized high-performance science applications and data-intensive flows. FlowSurge will enable IT and network staff at FIU to partition the campus network infrastructure to support Science flows without causing impact to general-purpose production flows on the campus.
Abstract: This year marks important developments in International Research and Education Network Infrastructure for Future Internet and High-Performance Data-Driven Science on the United States West Coast. Pacific Wave (which operates the West Coast International R&E Exchange points) has recently been awarded funding from the US National Science Foundation to upgrade its capabilities and deploy SDX functionality across its facilities in Seattle, Los Angeles, and Sunnyvale (San Francisco Bay Area) and to add access points in several other locations. This is an integral component of the international effort to interconnect research and education networks using Software Defined Networking (SDN). In addition, NSF has funded a $5 million, five-year award to UC San Diego and UC Berkeley and their collaborators to establish a Pacific Research Platform (PRP), a science-driven high-capacity data-centric “freeway system” extending the notion of a DMZ to a large regional scale. This project plans to utilize the Pacific Wave infrastructure to expand the boundaries of campus DMZ’s across a wide geographic area and eventually to international partners. The PRP will give participating universities and other research institutions the ability to move data 1,000 times faster compared to speeds on today’s inter-campus shared Internet and to establish (software defined and managed) virtual networks to support multiple science domains communities across the network. In this talk, we will discuss these developments and the associated measurement infrastructure that is being deployed to monitor network performance and troubleshoot bottlenecks. We will also describe some of the international projects that utilize the infrastructure.
John Silvester has been with the University of Southern California since 1979 and is currently a Professor of Electrical Engineering. He was Director of the Computer Engineering Division from 1984-1990, Vice-Provost of Academic Computing from 1994-1997, and Vice-Provost of Scholarly Technology from 1997-2006. He received an MA in Mathematics and Operations Research from Cambridge University, MS in Statistics and Computer Science from West Virginia University and Ph.D. in Computer Science from UCLA. His academic interests are in high speed, optical, and wireless networking. He has supervised more than 25 Ph.D. students and published over 150 technical papers. For the last 10 years, he has been actively involved in planning, management and implementation of advanced networking for the research and education community at the State, National, and International level. He was a member of the Board of Directors of CENIC (Consortium for Educational Networks in California), was Vice-Chair from its founding in 1997 to 1999 and Chair from 1999 to 2006. From 2005-2010 he was Principal Investigator of the TransLight/PacificWave project (part of the International Research Networks Connections Program of the US National Science Foundation), that operates the research and education exchange points on the US West Coast and, in partnership with the Australian Academic and Research Network, supports advanced connectivity through Hawaii to Australia. He continues as a consultant for CENIC on international projects with a particular focus on the Pacific Rim and Latin American partners that utilize Pacific Wave (the main academic exchange on the US West Coast), which recently received funding from the NSF to upgrade its facilities to 100G and to deploy a parallel SDX capability. He is co-PI on the NSF Network Infrastructure project TEN-II (Trojan Network II) which is experimenting with SDN capabilities and implementing a “DMZ” to support high performance networking at USC. Participants in TEN-II are part of the Pacific Research Platform based at UCSD (recently funded by the NSF to expand DMZ functionality across multiple campuses to support multiple disciplinary science domains).
Abstract: An Exchange Point is a common place where different organizations collaborate and share computing, storage and networking resources. Recently, Software Defined Networking technologies are being included into Exchange Points to optimize resource sharing and allocation. In this talk, we explore the policy space for a Software Defined eXchange, focusing on the applications that these policies support and the options that we have to express them.
Joaquin Chung received both his B.S. in Electrics and Communications Engineering (2007) and his M.Sc. in Communication Systems Engineering with Emphasis in Data Networks (2013) from University of Panama, Panama. He is a Fulbright scholar and currently pursuing his Ph.D. in Electrical and Computer Engineering under the supervision of Dr. Henry Owen and Dr. Raheem Beyah at Georgia Institute of Technology, GA. His research interests include Software Defined Networking and Network Security.
Engineering workshop – discussion about the Brazilian Academic Networks and the implementation of Software Defined Network (SDN) technologies. The meeting is by invitations only and on portuguese.
Prepare position paper and/or poster and email them to switchon@mailman.ampath.net. Deadline for abstracts is September 30, 2015. Finished papers and/or posters are due by October 5, 2015
Prepare 2-slides PICO Presentation and email them to vchergar@fiu.edu by October 2, 2015 (sample: http://ciara.fiu.edu/pico_switchon2015.pdf)
For the arriving participants from US a driver will be holding a sign containing your name at the customs exit.
For the departure from Brazil to US a driver will wait for your group at the transportation desk at Renaissance Marriott. Please consider at least 3 hours for travel distance, check-in and emigration process at the GRU airport.
Transportation from Renaissance Sao Paulo Hotel to the University of Sao Paulo Medical School for the 2 days of the workshop.
Please find below the directions on how to get the subway. The ticket costs R$ 3,50 (one-way) and can be bought directly at the counters of the subway stations. The trip takes approx. 3 minutes.
Take the subway at the station “Estação Consolação” => Linha 2 – Verde (Line 2 – Green) in direction to Vila Madalena and get off at the next station “Estação Clínicas”. Take the stairs at your left hand up to the street after passing the ticket gate. The main entrance of the University of São Paulo Medical School is in front of the station exit.
Guests will be able to book their sleeping rooms informing a code “DLF” to identify the group rate. The sleeping rooms will be blocked until 09/30/2015 . After this date sleeping rooms that were not reserved will be released automatically, without charge of any fee, and rate negotiated will not available anymore . Requests made after this date only will be done upon availability and the rate of the day requested.
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in SwitchOn materials are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
The curator walked the new security guard through the premises. “Have you visited the Museum of Improbable Things before?” he asked.
“Well,” the curator said, smiling, “I suppose I should take you on a quick tour through some of the exhibits, so you can get an idea what it is you’re protecting. I would recommend you come back some time during normal visiting hours to get the full experience, though. It’s all very fascinating.”
He stopped in front of a case containing a coin. “That,” he said, “As far as anyone can tell, is a regular quarter. It’s not weighted, not double-sided, nothing like that. The strange thing about it is, when you flip it, it always lands on whatever side you want it to land on.”
“Moving along,” the curator said, “Next up we have one of my favorite exhibits.” Inside the case was a copy of Led Zeppelin’s fourth album. “Playing it forward, it sounds like it should, but if you play ‘Stairway to Heaven’ backwards…”
The curator shook his head with a smile. “Not at all. If you play it backwards, you can very clearly hear ‘Glory to God in the highest, for God is great.'”
“We don’t have enough time right now,” the curator whined, “But if you’d come back during normal visiting hours you could, of course, see the demonstration.”
“Continuing,” he said, walking to the next exhibit, “This is a VHS of ‘Return of the Jedi.’ The interesting thing about it, is that the ending is not the same. In this version, Luke turns to the Dark Side and joins Darth Vader, they kill the Emperor and take over the galaxy.”
“Never seen Star Wars,” the guard said, “But lemme ask you something, how do you know this, or that album, aren’t fakes?”
“They could be fakes,” the curator said, “They could be, that’s true. But if they’re fakes, the quality is incredible. The actors in the ending of this Star Wars, they look and sound exactly like the real actors. Of course, everyone involved with the film denies that anything like this was ever filmed, but…” the curator shrugged.
The curator brightened. “That’s a very good question. Nobody really knows where the things in the museum originally came from. But it certainly shows that we live in a much stranger world than anyone thinks, eh?”
Slumping his shoulders and returning to his “official” mode, the curator continued on. “All the exhibits in that part of the museum are pretty harmless,” he said, “Next up, in this section, we have things that are a little more dangerous.” He stopped in front of a case containing a hardbound book called Able Elba.
“My friend,” the curator said, “Books are the most dangerous things of all! Books have resulted in more upheaval and societal change than…” catching the guard’s stony glare, he cleared his throat and changed the subject. “This particular book was written by a severely mentally disabled woman. According to her caretakers, the woman is barely even literate. Apparently though, one day she just sat down and wrote this book in twelve hours straight. The remarkable thing about it, is that it’s written entirely as a palindrome. A palindrome is a word or sentence that reads the same backwards as forwards…”
“I know what a palindrome is,” the guards said. “That’s definitely improbable, but why’s it dangerous?”
“Well,” the curator said, “Most people, after they read the book, they find themselves unable to speak in anything but palindromes. Apparently for the rest of their life.”
“This is all well-documented,” the curator said defensively, “The book actually sold fairly well at first, what with its ‘inspirational’ back story and all. The publisher stopped printing it once the reports started coming in, though. It got banned from schools and libraries. In fact, it got so bad that the Department of Defense bought up as many copies as they could, burned them, and arrested the woman and her caretakers as threats to national security. You can look all this up, it was in the news.”
“This,” the curator said somberly, “Is a camera that takes a picture of how you’ll look when you die.” He lifted what looked like a regular Polaroid camera out of the case and pointed it at the guard. “Say cheese!”
“What’s the matter?” laughed the curator, “Afraid to know?” He glanced at his watch. “Damn it, I’ve got a dinner with the Board of Trustees across town in half an hour, I’ll have to show you the rest of the exhibits later. That OK?”
“Alright,” the curator said. “Well I’ll see you later. Don’t touch anything, I know how interested you are in this stuff!” he slapped the guard on the shoulder and dropped the camera rather unceremoniously into the case before running out the door.
The camera’s circuitry must have been pretty damaged. The bump from hitting the bottom of the case caused it to take a picture, nearly blinding the guard with its flash. After blinking for a few seconds and regaining his sight, he gingerly reached into the case and took the picture out of the camera’s slot. He shook the photo a bit as it slowly came into focus.
He lifted his eyes from the picture and stared into the depths of the museum where the rest of the “dangerous” exhibits lay, suddenly wishing he’d listened to more of what the curator had said.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to identify your qualifications as a candidate for current or future job openings.
You may submit your resume in confidence. Cybertech keeps your information private. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information.
‘Gustav Klimt-The Tree of Life,1909’ oil painting, 12×23 inch / 30×59 cm ,printed on Perfect effect Canvas ,this Replica Art DecorativeCanvas Prints is perfectly suitalbe for Home Office decoration and Home decoration and Gifts
Top Definition Paints on Canvas No longer Framed ,Gustav Klimt-The Tree of Existence,1909, is for House Ornament, or Wall Artwork Ornament, House Decor. There are fiber canvas, cotton canvas, or linen canvas. And additionally it is the most productive reward in your spouse and children, or woman family member and boy family member.
The scale is 12×23 inch / 30×59 cm. Your custom designed sizes are appropriate, please ship me emails.
The canvas print is product of Highest impact Canvas, and it is going to be Rolled up into Arduous Paper Tube.
Each and every paintings is outlined on artist-grade canvas with brilliant colours and outstanding intensity That may be Colour your Existence,Colour your dream!
Be the first to review “‘Gustav Klimt-The Tree of Life,1909’ oil painting, 12×23 inch / 30×59 cm ,printed on Perfect effect Canvas ,this Replica Art DecorativeCanvas Prints is perfectly suitalbe for Home Office decoration and Home decoration and Gifts” Cancel reply
Regardless of where your musical tastes lie, you're likely to find an artist to satisfy your needs in the booming local Toronto scene. Thanks to a blinding spotlight aimed at the region — due in part to the meteoric rise of Drake and artists like Tory Lanez — many artists with the funds to spare are flooding through the open gate. For EverythingOShauN though, going it alone has allowed for him to build his own sound, free of an overarching drive for U.S. success.
"Resources and outlets are always a challenge, being a Canadian artist," he tells Exclaim! "More specifically, being a hip-hop and R&B artist in this country is challenging. Radio has always been an issue and overall, [there] just isn't enough support for the number of dope artists from here," he adds. "I have experience first-hand."
While a relatively low barrier to entry, and a social media climate that glorifies the material — and often destructive — spoils of perceived success in the game, the Brampton-based singer/MC explains that his desire to create was innate. "I initially got into music via piano when I was a kid, just being around so much music in the house because of my pops," he says. "We were growing up and just wanting to contribute to something powerful and universal. Music became that for me"
Now three projects in (his latest LP, Everything Over Everything Else, dropped November 2), he's on a slow build that is quickly approaching a climax. "In this scene, I see myself as someone bringing a clash, always trying to say something important, but in a fun, vibe, smooth clever way," he says of the delicate balance his music achieves. "As more projects release, the versatility I can bring to the table will be clear.
"I feel like I can fit quite comfortably with all the greats from our city who are creating — or have crafted — great music," he continues.
With heaps of visual content and a potential tour in the works, EverythingOShauN is revelling in the fact that after years of grind, listeners are getting to experience his grand vision, and are (hopefully) being affected by it.
"I want listeners to feel like they can relate to me on the issues that I address; my thoughts, my ideas, my fears, my interests, whatever. I want people to feel good after they hear my music. At the end of the day, I am an artist that will always continue progress, elevate and, of course, never stop."
Though it's been popularly defined globally thanks to a handful of artists that have managed to blaze south of the border, the Toronto scene...
Brampton's own EverythingOShauN is one of those artists that everyone seems to be talking about lately. Surfing the current wave of trap-sou...
#4 Prostate 5LX overall: 82 Main Ingredients: The formula contains active ingredients including Saw Palmetto (Berry) Extract, Green Tea (leaf) Extract, Pumpkin Seed Oil, Stinging Nettle (Root) Extract, Selenium and others Overview: Prostate 5LX a supplement that has been around for years now.
The Hunter Web Client includes all of the features that our Hunter Client for Windows users have come to expect:
Cyberwolf Software has over 20 years experience developing programs with the end-user in mind. Our cutting edge semi-custom solutions allow you to meet all of your business needs without breaking the bank. Built on the solid .Net framework, Cyberwolf Software leverages the latest technologies to create solutions tailored to your best business practices, not the constraints of anyone else’s software. Working with both web-based and client/server architecture, we can design the right solution for all of your business needs. Cyberwolf Software: Making your data work for YOU.
Availability Guide: If you order an item that is on backorder, we will not charge your card until the order is ready to ship.
= Normally ships the same business day = Special order, ships in 4 to 7 business days = On backorder from the manufacturer
These skid plates are high strength plastic injection molding technology, simple installation with special quick-release mechanism.
These KTM aluminum skid plates provides the most effective protection for frame and engine. Quick and simple installation.
When positioned between engine and skid plate, less dirt can accumulate, allowing better cooling of the engine.
The benefits of the Husqvarna Slave Cylinder Guards are: Helps prevent rocks and debris from getting in
CNC-machined from high-strength aluminum Best possible and effective protection for the clutch slave cylinder
Factory Parts/Engine Filters Footpegs Handlebar/Instruments/Electric Luggage Navigation Plastic Parts/Decals
Matt Coulter "The Kangaroo Kid" is from Lockyer Valley, Queensland, Australia. Matt started riding motorcycles when he was 3. When he was 7, he started racing a Honda Z-50 mini-bike. He raced two wheel motocross bikes until he was 16, then he started racing quad. Matt finally quit racing to pursue a career as a quad jumper.
The above photo is of Matt on his 2015 tour. 2015 brought the arrival of Matt's friend Paul Hannam, to bring a new show to the UK circuit.
He has completed over 2,000 jumps and has had two major crashes and three minor ones. One of his favorite jumps was his jump over a F4 Phantom jet fighter. The length of the jump was 120 feet from takeoff to the ground. He's also jumped over 14 trucks (setting a world record).
He's longest and highest jump was over a paddlewheel steamer at the Retallack Adventure Park in Cornwall, England. On his first attempt, the boat floated a little sideways while he was getting his YZ 250 up to jump speed and he clipped the smoke stack and crashed. He tried the jump again on another date and this time he had a longer, higher ramp and a faster takeoff speed. He looped and had to bail out before he landed. He dislocated his left knee and damaged some nerves which caused a limited paralysis of his left leg and foot. He reached a height of 50 feet and cleared a distance of 210 feet.
He has also jumped 46 meters over a line of 20 taxis. On August 14, 1995, he broke his own record by jumping over 12 cars.
After taking a few years off, Matt is back peforming and with a knee replacement in February 2015, he now says he feels better than ever. Today the "Kangaroo Kid" lives in Australia and travels all over the world performing his thrill shows.
Prefaces: Preface to the 1954 Edition | Preface to the Revised Edition | Preface to the Christian Cyclopedia
Chinese Character Illustrated explains how Chinese characters were formed. Containing 1000 characters, all with accompanying illustrations, Chinese Character Illustrated sets out the unique logic of the Chinese writing system. Each of the character expalnations is based on examples in ancient poetry, and the book is useful for those who want a deeper understanding into the roots of Chinese characters.
Annapolis, MD – Ten(10) scholarships were awarded to local youth for the popular 2010 Eastport Yacht Club Junior Learn-to-Sail program by the Eastport Yacht Club Foundation, Inc.. The scholarship program was established to provide young adults, ages 8-14 the opportunity to understand and appreciate sailing by attending one of the 3- week sessions that were held June 22- July 10 and July 13-31.
The recipients were awarded the scholarships by foundation chair Helen Drewett. “The Eastport Yacht Club Foundation, Inc. provides maritime opportunities to our youth by building skills, promoting accomplishments and nurturing self- esteem and self-worth” comments Drewett. For more information on Eastport Yacht Club Foundation visit www.eycfoundation.org.
The Eastport Yacht Club Foundation offers at least four (4) scholarships (one session each) each year for the Eastport Yacht Club Learn-to-Sail program for youngsters 8 - 14. Scholarships may partially or fully cover the session tuition, depending on the established need.
The Scholarship Program is designed to introduce the “understand and appreciating of boating” to youngsters who would otherwise be unable to participate in the Eastport Yacht Club Learn-to-Sail program. For further information about the Eastport Yacht Club Junior Sailing Program please go to www.eastportyc.org.
Over 500 high-school aged young people and their parents came together to learn more about careers and jobs on and around the water on the last Saturday in February. The venue was the first annual Marine and Maritime Career Fair, sponsored by The National Sailing Center and Hall of Fame, Anne Arundel County Public Schools and the Eastport Yacht Club Foundation. The event is designed to give county students a glimpse of the vast array of possible careers available working on or near the Chesapeake Bay and the nation’s waterways.
The 25 organizations exhibiting at the fair included some national in scope like the Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation and the Naval and Merchant Marine academies as well as local recreational boating businesses such as Bay Shore Marine Engine Service and Annapolis Harbor Boatyard. The enthusiasm of the exhibitors was typified by Corporal Cameron Brown of the Maryland Natural Resources Police who explained his agency’s interest in the event. “… We think it is important to educate young adults about the various different careers that are available to them in the marine environment… like police, fisheries, engineers, coastal programs. It’s important that young people know, especially in Anne Arundel County, with so much water around us, that so many different jobs are available to them.”
Arundel High junior James Johnson was able to “… talk to military recruiters and get information… and find out about different jobs I could look into and still be working around the water. I’m a lifetime fisherman and I love being around the water.”
Susan Nahmias, Education Director for the Sailing Hall of Fame and the prime organizer of the event summed it up as “… a great first effort. We’ll be back next year.”
Annapolis, MD February 15, 2011--- Young people interested in careers on and around the water have a unique opportunity to learn more about employment options in the marine industry this month.
The National Sailing Center and Hall of Fame, The Eastport Yacht Club Foundation and Anne Arundel County Public Schools are producing a Marine and Maritime Career Fair on Saturday, February 26 from 1 to 4 PM at Annapolis High School on Riva Road. The fair, the first of its kind in the Annapolis area, will give students from grades 8 through 12 the opportunity to meet representatives from such diverse maritime employers and resources as the US Naval, Merchant Marine and Coast Guard Academies, the Chesapeake Area Professional Captains Association, tour boat operators and many local marine service providers. In all, more than 50 organizations will have representatives on hand to meet with interested students and discuss career opportunities in the field, ranging from military to recreational boating.
According to Susan Nahmias, Education Director for the Sailing Hall of Fame, and organizer of the fair, “The National Sailing Center and Hall of Fame has partnered with the Anne Arundel County Public Schools and the Eastport Yacht Club Foundation to present our first MARINE and MARITIME CAREER FAIR on Saturday, February 26. The fair will be at Annapolis High School from 1 - 4 PM. The purpose of this fair is to introduce students in grades 8 - 12 (and their parents/guardians) to the vast array of CAREERS that directly connect to the Chesapeake Bay and the education and training required. We hope that by presenting a Career Fair rather than a job fair, students and their parents will gain a better understanding of the preparation necessary to be a viable candidate for these jobs. The fair was designed to provide a stimulus for students seeking employment/training directly out of high school as well as those who will pursue advanced degrees.”
“As a follow up,” Stephanie Duncan-Troxell, Chair of the Eastport Yacht Club Foundation, explained, “The Eastport Yacht Club Foundation website will have a dedicated location within the MAST (MArine Skills Training) page where after-school, weekend and summer jobs and internships can be posted as they may come available."
For more information contact Susan Nahmias at 443-822-3737 or This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Greenomics Indonesia, an NGO based in Jakarta, this week published a report entitling APP’s artful deception: After pulping its remaining forests, APP positions itself as a conservation leader with new policy showing “how little natural forest and forested peatland will be saved by the New APP Forest Conservation Policy.”
50% or 8,8 millions M3 of PT IKPP and PT RAPP raw material supplies had been extracted from natural forests and the rest 8.9 millions M3 per year are from Plantation Forests. With this lack of raw material supplies from production forest, the remaining natural forests in Riau are threatened as the potential target of raw material supplier.
As we noted in previous coverage, Danganronpa: Ultra Despair Girls exchanges the visual novel gameplay of its predecessors for third person shooting mechanics. Today NIS America revealed specifics regarding how guns work in its upcoming title.
After taking the role of one of two heroines - Komaru Naegi or Toko Fukawa - players must escape Towa City. To aid in this endeavor, the two main characters possess a variety of Truth Bullets with different effects. In some cases, these effects focus on damage; Burn bullets, for example, cause targets to light on fire. Not every bullet inflicts pain, a fact best demonstrated by the bizarre Dance bullet. The eight types of Truth Bullets are Break, Burn, Dance, Detect, Knockback, Link, Move, and Paralyze. For more details on their effects, check out the screens below.
Ultra Despair Girls tells the story between the events of Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc and Danganronpa: Goodbye Despair. The story begins with Komaru Naegi, the little sister of the first game's protagonist, escaping from a mysterious apartment. When hundreds of children calling themselves Monokumas rush to the scene, Naegi learns her city has been taken over by an evil group hoping to murder all of Towa City's adults. With the help of Toko Fukawa, she attempts to navigate the city and escape once and for all.
A good looking custom bike must be built to look baaad. And here a custom part to adjust your your bike’s attitude with an old school flair. Crime Scene’s Bad Attitude™ is a direct bolt-on for the original style BDL belt drive, Crime Scene has a mount kit to use with later BDL drives, Ultima, Primo/Rivera and other drive setups (2” or 3” open belt drive).
If you are running a belt drive without the motor plate Crime Scene even has a mount kit for that. This finned primary cover exposes your primary’s belt and pulleys through the fins (bad). The Bad Attitude™ cover is offered in two finishes, a satin finish with contrasting, highly polished edges on the fins (bad) or fully polished to a brilliant finish (bad too). Made from high quality cast aluminum with stainless steel hardware provided. Retail Price $335.00 satin; $450.00 polished. 100% made in the USA. At Crime Scene Choppers.
Always cool looking. Isn’t some CSC stuff designed by Mark van der Kwaak? His art was the reason I got into building custom bikes in the first place.
[ANNOUNCEMENT FROM ADMIN] Anyone that requests to join Syndication Express must use their real name and put an acceptable profile picture up. This is a community for bloggers and article writers. Your blog content will be shared on all the major social sites giving you massive exposure and branding. Additionally community members are encouraged to read, comment and share network members blog posts to the various social and bookmarking sites for SEO purposes. By doing this, members blog post will receive viral exposure, social signals, one way backlinks and targeted traffic from the search engines.
OUR SPECIAL FEATURE: Syndication Automation - Will give your blog post massive syndication and exposure on all the major social sites and generate traffic to your blog content. CLICK HERE to learn about this UNIQUE feature on Syndication Express.
Put your banner ad below for only $5.00 a month. Your banner ads will get exposure every time someone visits the Syndication Express site. Your banner will be added on other advertising sites too. Members and non-members are visiting the SE blogging platform.
Hello Friends Haven't you Heard, I Have a Great lead Generator site (LeadsLeap) that is free to use OR you can take the One Time Offer for $19.90 and get even more Leads for ANY Business that you are involved with I have had great success with this Platform.
Well for one everyone needs leads in some form or another for your Business to keep growing exponentially. And the second reason is it is FREE you can join try out our system give it a through test drive and heck it's free so why not use it as a supplement to your current advertising you can track your clicks by creating custom url's by using googles link shortener with full tracking!
LeadsLeap is a unique lead generation system that helps you to generate leads via a 3-prong approach. Below is a schematic illustration of how it works.
As a member, you can post ad in our system. Your ad will be shown in our member's area and blog. It can also be shown on more than 4000 other websites operated by our members.
Below is an ad unit that you will see in our website and blog. Take a look at the 'Total Clicks' in these ads. This is the kind of traffic we send to our members. (The lower the Number means they are fairly New) Everyone gets traffic, as long as you follow our simple step-by-step action plan.
Advertising can be Free or Paid. Free advertising is through the use of credits, which can be earned by viewing other members' ads or by simply adding our ad widget to your website. Paid advertising is our premium service, where your ad will be shown across our entire network without the need of credits (in Addition to Your FREE AD that uses Credits)
While using our free tools, it is inevitable that you will refer people to our website. Yes, you'll earn commissions when they purchase something from us. But what's more important is you are also building a network of leads that can grow exponentially!
Say if you simply refer 4 people to join LeadsLeap, and each of these 4 people refer 4 other people to join LeadsLeap. With our 10-level lead generation system, this means you will be able to reach out to 1,398,100 leads at 10-levels deep.
Of course, that is overly idealistic. Practically, it is quite common for our members to have a few hundred people in their team having referred only a handful of people personally. Not to forget that these leads will continue to grow, which means endless flow of new leads for you!
LeadsLeap is not some kind of safelist system. You will only receive informative and educational newsletters from us, no email from anyone else, guaranteed!
Your 10-levels of uplines can only reach you via a dedicated ad unit that is shown in your member's area and in the newsletters that we send to you. Similarly, you can reach out to 10-levels of your downlines via the same ad unit and the newsletters we send to them.
LeadsLeap started in 2008 and it has withstood the test of time. Our success has no secret. We strive to provide real values to our members, so as to keep them coming back to our website.
our unsubscribe rate is extremely low! We understand that it is only when we retain our members that we can provide more traffic to you.
Once you sign up as a member, you will be able to set up your ad and have it appear in our network. It's as simple as that!
What I've shared with you here is just the tip of the iceberg. There are a lot more things you can do with your LeadsLeap membership.
1. IF you Choose the One Time Offer For ONLY $19.90 per month you get a boatload of Extra Features including a Second ad with NO Expiration
2. SIMPLY TRY us out for FREE and when you see the results from your FREE AD go ahead and then decide if the upgrade is worth it. I think if you do not take the OTO the price per month is a little higher, but I am not for sure.
Everyone you are all Welcome the new system inside LeadsLeap is better than the old method of generating credits it seems fairer to me!
Hi Robert I have been a member of Leadsleap for a long time and I find it to be a very good advertising platform. Thank you for sharing it in the SE community.
On July first, the FSA First Coastal Division, in coordination with Jabhat al-Nusra (Al-Qaeda Syrian wing) and Ahrar al-Sham captured the strategic town of Kinsabba, Latakia. This is the first major rebel gain in Latakia since Russia intervened in late 2015.
The assault began at night and continued until the morning, seeing the capture of the surrounding hills and then Kinsabba itself. The attack was well coordinated. It began with shelling of the town followed by it being stormed by Nusra and Ahrar.
Several tanks and other equipment were left behind by the retreating Syrian Arab Army and National Defense Force.
The capture of Kinsabba is quite a setback for the Syrian armed forces. It also clearly shows cooperation between US backed moderate forces and Al-Qaeda. There are reports of the Russian air force striking the town after its capture, so it is possible the rebels could be compelled to retreat. If they don't, and the Russian air force doesn't step in again, they will likely advance further.
OneToucher is an app for Android, developed by OneXuan App, with the license 無料. The version 5.8.0 only takes up 3.67MB and is available in 日本語, with its latest update on 2016.07.16. This app has been downloaded from Uptodown 449 times and is globally ranked number 91920, with a guarantee from VirusTotal, which verifies the app as being 76% 安全. The only requirement to use OneToucher is to have a device with Android 4.0.3, 4.0.4 or higher. Other similar and alternative apps such as イーアプリ, Ubersense, File Manager +, Yahoo!ファイルマネージャー, Qfile, 懐中電灯, can also be downloaded directly from Uptodown.
For an overall view of how an area developed, with its public utilities, etc. Unfortunately, it seems not to have been updated since about 1991.
For basic information about hospitals throughout the UK, this site was most useful. Unfortunately, this too has not been undated for a while.
A lovely site which gives great detail about workhouses, their history, their infirmaries (from which many NHS hospitals were derived) and other information about the Metropolitan Asylums Board.
I'm smitten with Kim Tae Hee's wardrobe in My Princess, hence the outfit. But even before that, I have saved a special place for princess-y clothes and outfits in my heart. And occasionally, I let it manifest.
I guess most women have a princess complex. Most of us grew up watching Disney. And I myself have watched one too many versions of Cinderella and have drooled over the various takes of her ball gown and glass slippers. This princess complex is pretty much ingrained in our consciousness.
But don't get the wrong idea. I don't always go out looking like this. In fact, you can count on me to exemplify the very nature of a himono onna. I hope I didn't burst your bubble or something. jkjk :"p
So anyways, sorry for the repetitive photos. I do practice posing in front of the mirror. But i completely blank out in front of the camera, regardless of whoever is taking the photo. :'((
Hi Arianne! Thanks for the lovely comment. I checked your blog and it's so nice I had to follow you. :)
Kathy is a 20-something ingenue who has a mad love for vintage finds, lace dresses, polka dots, tulle and bows. She is a reincarnation of an 18th century wallflower with a penchant for long and meaningful conversations, nature tripping, blog hopping and random camwhoring. She is currently obsessed with Damon Salvatore and Elena Gilbert, Peeta Mellark and Katniss Everdeen and Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling.
Once at Bar-le-Duc Montaigne saw a portrait which René, King of Sicily, had painted of himself, and asked, “Why is it not, in like manner, lawful for every one to draw himself with a pen, as he did with a crayon?” Off-hand one might reply, Not only is it lawful, but nothing could be easier. Other people may evade us, but our own features are almost too familiar. Let us begin. And then, when we attempt the task, the pen falls from our fingers; it is a matter of profound, mysterious, and overwhelming difficulty.
After all, in the whole of literature, how many people have succeeded in drawing themselves with a pen? Only Montaigne and Pepys and Rousseau perhaps. The Religio Medici is a coloured glass through which darkly one sees racing stars and a strange and turbulent soul. A bright polished mirror reflects the face of Boswell peeping between other people’s shoulders in the famous biography. But this talking of oneself, following one’s own vagaries, giving the whole map, weight, colour, and circumference of the soul in its confusion, its variety, its imperfection—this art belonged to one man only: to Montaigne. As the centuries go by, there is always a crowd before that picture, gazing into its depths, seeing their own faces reflected in it, seeing more the longer they look, never being able to say quite what it is that they see. New editions testify to the perennial fascination. Here is the Navarre Society in England reprinting in five fine volumes3 Cotton’s translation; while in France the firm of Louis Conard is issuing the complete works of Montaigne with the various readings in an edition to which Dr. Armaingaud has devoted a long lifetime of research.
We hear of but two or three of the ancients who have beaten this road [said Montaigne]. No one since has followed the track; ’tis a rugged road, more so than it seems, to follow a pace so rambling and uncertain, as that of the soul; to penetrate the dark profundities of its intricate internal windings; to choose and lay hold of so many little nimble motions; ’tis a new and extraordinary undertaking, and that withdraws us from the common and most recommended employments of the world.
There is, in the first place, the difficulty of expression. We all indulge in the strange, pleasant process called thinking, but when it comes to saying, even to some one opposite, what we think, then how little we are able to convey! The phantom is through the mind and out of the window before we can lay salt on its tail, or slowly sinking and returning to the profound darkness which it has lit up momentarily with a wandering light. Face, voice, and accent eke out our words and impress their feebleness with character in speech. But the pen is a rigid instrument; it can say very little; it has all kinds of habits and ceremonies of its own. It is dictatorial too: it is always making ordinary men into prophets, and changing the natural stumbling trip of human speech into the solemn and stately march of pens. It is for this reason that Montaigne stands out from the legions of the dead with such irrepressible vivacity. We can never doubt for an instant that his book was himself. He refused to teach; he refused to preach; he kept on saying that he was just like other people. All his effort was to write himself down, to communicate, to tell the truth, and that is a “rugged road, more than it seems”.
For beyond the difficulty of communicating oneself, there is the supreme difficulty of being oneself. This soul, or life within us, by no means agrees with the life outside us. If one has the courage to ask her what she thinks, she is always saying the very opposite to what other people say. Other people, for instance, long ago made up their minds that old invalidish gentlemen ought to stay at home and edify the rest of us by the spectacle of their connubial fidelity. The soul of Montaigne said, on the contrary, that it is in old age that one ought to travel, and marriage, which, rightly, is very seldom founded on love, is apt to become, towards the end of life, a formal tie better broken up. Again with politics, statesmen are always praising the greatness of Empire, and preaching the moral duty of civilising the savage. But look at the Spanish in Mexico, cried Montaigne in a burst of rage. “So many cities levelled with the ground, so many nations exterminated . . . and the richest and most beautiful part of the world turned upside down for the traffic of pearl and pepper! Mechanic victories!” And then when the peasants came and told him that they had found a man dying of wounds and deserted him for fear lest justice might incriminate them, Montaigne asked:
What could I have said to these people? ’Tis certain that this office of humanity would have brought them into trouble. . . . There is nothing so much, nor so grossly, nor so ordinarily faulty as the laws.
Here the soul, getting restive, is lashing out at the more palpable forms of Montaigne’s great bugbears, convention and ceremony. But watch her as she broods over the fire in the inner room of that tower which, though detached from the main building, has so wide a view over the estate. Really she is the strangest creature in the world, far from heroic, variable as a weathercock, “bashful, insolent; chaste, lustful; prating, silent; laborious, delicate; ingenious, heavy; melancholic, pleasant; lying, true; knowing, ignorant; liberal, covetous, and prodigal”—in short, so complex, so indefinite, corresponding so little to the version which does duty for her in public, that a man might spend his life merely in trying to run her to earth. The pleasure of the pursuit more than rewards one for any damage that it may inflict upon one’s worldly prospects. The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness. He alone lives, while other people, slaves of ceremony, let life slip past them in a kind of dream. Once conform, once do what other people do because they do it, and a lethargy steals over all the finer nerves and faculties of the soul. She becomes all outer show and inward emptiness; dull, callous, and indifferent.
Surely then, if we ask this great master of the art of life to tell us his secret, he will advise us to withdraw to the inner room of our tower and there turn the pages of books, pursue fancy after fancy as they chase each other up the chimney, and leave the government of the world to others. Retirement and contemplation— these must be the main elements of his prescription. But no; Montaigne is by no means explicit. It is impossible to extract a plain answer from that subtle, half smiling, half melancholy man, with the heavy-lidded eyes and the dreamy, quizzical expression. The truth is that life in the country, with one’s books and vegetables and flowers, is often extremely dull. He could never see that his own green peas were so much better than other people’s. Paris was the place he loved best in the whole world— “jusques à ses verrues et à ses taches”. As for reading, he could seldom read any book for more than an hour at a time, and his memory was so bad that he forgot what was in his mind as he walked from one room to another. Book learning is nothing to be proud of, and as for the achievements of science, what do they amount to? He had always mixed with clever men, and his father had a positive veneration for them, but he had observed that, though they have their fine moments, their rhapsodies, their visions, the cleverest tremble on the verge of folly. Observe yourself: one moment you are exalted; the next a broken glass puts your nerves on edge. All extremes are dangerous. It is best to keep in the middle of the road, in the common ruts, however muddy. In writing choose the common words; avoid rhapsody and eloquence—yet, it is true, poetry is delicious; the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.
It appears, then, that we are to aim at a democratic simplicity. We may enjoy our room in the tower, with the painted walls and the commodious bookcases, but down in the garden there is a man digging who buried his father this morning, and it is he and his like who live the real life and speak the real language. There is certainly an element of truth in that. Things are said very finely at the lower end of the table. There are perhaps more of the qualities that matter among the ignorant than among the learned. But again, what a vile thing the rabble is! “the mother of ignorance, injustice, and inconstancy. Is it reasonable that the life of a wise man should depend upon the judgment of fools?” Their minds are weak, soft and without power of resistance. They must be told what it is expedient for them to know. It is not for them to face facts as they are. The truth can only be known by the well-born soul—“l’âme bien née”. Who, then, are these well-born souls, whom we would imitate if only Montaigne would enlighten us more precisely?
But no. “Je n’enseigne poinct; je raconte.” After all, how could he explain other people’s souls when he could say nothing “entirely simply and solidly, without confusion or mixture, in one word”, about his own, when indeed it became daily more and more in the dark to him? One quality or principle there is perhaps—that one must not lay down rules. The souls whom one would wish to resemble, like Etienne de La Boétie, for example, are always the supplest. “C’est estre, mais ce n’est pas vivre, que de se tenir attaché et oblige par necessité a un seul train.” The laws are mere conventions, utterly unable to keep touch with the vast variety and turmoil of human impulses; habits and customs are a convenience devised for the support of timid natures who dare not allow their souls free play. But we, who have a private life and hold it infinitely the dearest of our possessions, suspect nothing so much as an attitude. Directly we begin to protest, to attitudinise, to lay down laws, we perish. We are living for others, not for ourselves. We must respect those who sacrifice themselves in the public service, load them with honours, and pity them for allowing, as they must, the inevitable compromise; but for ourselves let us fly fame, honour, and all offices that put us under an obligation to others. Let us simmer over our incalculable cauldron, our enthralling confusion, our hotch-potch of impulses, our perpetual miracle—for the soul throws up wonders every second. Movement and change are the essence of our being; rigidity is death; conformity is death: let us say what comes into our heads, repeat ourselves, contradict ourselves, fling out the wildest nonsense, and follow the most fantastic fancies without caring what the world does or thinks or says. For nothing matters except life; and, of course, order.
This freedom, then, which is the essence of our being, has to be controlled. But it is difficult to see what power we are to invoke to help us, since every restraint of private opinion or public law has been derided, and Montaigne never ceases to pour scorn upon the misery, the weakness, the vanity of human nature. Perhaps, then, it will be well to turn to religion to guide us? “Perhaps” is one of his favourite expressions; “perhaps” and “I think” and all those words which qualify the rash assumptions of human ignorance. Such words help one to muffle up opinions which it would be highly impolitic to speak outright. For one does not say everything; there are some things which at present it is advisable only to hint. One writes for a very few people, who understand. Certainly, seek the Divine guidance by all means, but meanwhile there is, for those who live a private life, another monitor, an invisible censor within, “un patron au dedans”, whose blame is much more to be dreaded than any other because he knows the truth; nor is there anything sweeter than the chime of his approval. This is the judge to whom we must submit; this is the censor who will help us to achieve that order which is the grace of a well-born soul. For “C’est une vie exquise, celle qui se maintient en ordre jusques en son privé”. But he will act by his own light; by some internal balance will achieve that precarious and everchanging poise which, while it controls, in no way impedes the soul’s freedom to explore and experiment. Without other guide, and without precedent, undoubtedly it is far more difficult to live well the private life than the public. It is an art which each must learn separately, though there are, perhaps, two or three men, like Homer, Alexander the Great, and Epaminondas among the ancients, and Etienne de La Boétie among the moderns, whose example may help us. But it is an art; and the very material in which it works is variable and complex and infinitely mysterious—human nature. To human nature we must keep close. “. . . il faut vivre entre les vivants”. We must dread any eccentricity or refinement which cuts us off from our fellow-beings. Blessed are those who chat easily with their neighbours about their sport or their buildings or their quarrels, and honestly enjoy the talk of carpenters and gardeners. To communicate is our chief business; society and friendship our chief delights; and reading, not to acquire knowledge, not to earn a living, but to extend our intercourse beyond our own time and province. Such wonders there are in the world; halcyons and undiscovered lands, men with dogs’ heads and eyes in their chests, and laws and customs, it may well be, far superior to our own. Possibly we are asleep in this world; possibly there is some other which is apparent to beings with a sense which we now lack.
Here then, in spite of all contradictions and all qualifications, is something definite. These essays are an attempt to communicate a soul. On this point at least he is explicit. It is not fame that he wants; it is not that men shall quote him in years to come; he is setting up no statue in the market-place; he wishes only to communicate his soul. Communication is health; communication is truth; communication is happiness. To share is our duty; to go down boldly and bring to light those hidden thoughts which are the most diseased; to conceal nothing; to pretend nothing; if we are ignorant to say so; if we love our friends to let them know it.
In a New Yorker article in 2014, Joshua Rothman asks, provocatively and rhetorically: “If you’re an English professor, how should you spend your time: producing [close] ‘readings’ of the literary works that you care about (art), or looking for the [distant] patterns that shape whole literary forms or periods (science)?” Rothman’s parentheticals, “art” and “science,” make for a good editorial hook, but they frame a misleading and false dichotomy. The emerging debate in literary studies pitting traditional scholarly practices of close reading against digitally oriented methods of “distant” reading is a nonstarter. What gets disguised as an argument over method (close vs. distant) and discipline (art vs. science) is, in fact, an argument about interpretation and the ways that literary scholars collect and prioritize evidence. In this talk Jockers proposes a methodological reconciliation that understands large scale computational approaches to literature as entirely consistent with traditional practices of close reading.
Increasingly, journalists are turning to tools that were once solely the domain of data analysts and computer scientists to create compelling visualizations and enhance their storytelling. Newsrooms are using accessible technology to process big and open data to assist in investigations, keep citizens informed, and help make institutions accountable— and they’re often following the tenets of data science, like making their work transparent and reproducible. It’s important, now more than ever, that data not be hidden by government agencies from the public so that it instead might be used to illuminate the truth.
Andrew, currently a Koeppel Journalism Fellow at the Center for the Study of Public Life is the senior data editor of Trend ct (http://trendct.org/about/ a CT Mirror affiliate). He was a founding producer of The Boston Globe’s Data Desk where he used a variety of methods to visualize or tell stories with data. He also was an online producer at The Virginian-Pilot and a staff writer at the South Florida Sun-Sentinel. He’s a Metpro Fellow, a Chips Quinn Scholar, and a graduate of the University of Texas.
If you are new to Blackboard, the university’s e-learning platform, read through the Frequently Asked Questions for Faculty.
A Blackboard course is automatically created for every course at USC, so you can begin prepping your course content as soon as you know your course assignment(s).
Also helpful might be a review of the section on Classroom Administration, which provides information and links to additional information about ordering textbooks and other course materials.
Wedding is such a stunning factor. Because you wed only as soon as in a life time, you ought to make every and each second you invest for wedding ceremony preparing until after relationship unforgettable. And there are a couple of ways by which you can do that. None of these ideas are better than using a wedding blog.
Modern lifestyle has turn out to be a bane to children’s well being. Rather than playing outside agen sbobet, a lot of kids spend most of the day at home viewing DVD movies or beating the greatest rating in the latest play station game. With both mothers and fathers working full time, kids frequently have free rein more than what they eat. To make up for the little time they invest with their kids on weekdays mothers and fathers pander to their kids’s liking for junk food throughout weekend outings.
Keep your head still, and your eyes on the ball when you consider the shot. An additional one of the important elements in hitting the ball is follow via. Instead of consciously trying to strike the ball, deal with it as although you are taking a practice swing. Every Calgary Golfing participant knows that playing in a relaxed manner is another helpful suggestion. Putting the physique in a calm manner prior to the shot enables the mind to be more targeted on the swing.
The subsequent action to do may be to determine just how much your wager might be. 1 inside the secrets and techniques here’s to wager precisely the same amount for any sport. This quantity definitely will be the betting component. Determining this betting unit doe’s imply you may want to evaluate and see a idea for ones betting. 5 %twenty five are many of the quantities for types betting system. However, there will be these that would like to make the merchandise between a pair of. five to 10 %. Nevertheless, it is going to all rely on your cash. The smaller it could be, the smaller the gadget is. Also, the larger bankroll tends to make a higher betting method.
Some individuals say that when you use suggestions, it will not be fulfilling anymore because sports blogs it takes away the thrill that you supposed to encounter. Conversely, it is not true simply because most probably these individuals don’t know the significance of essential tips. You should be knowledgeable with helpful ideas in order to be an professional bettor. No one desires to lose their cash in gambling that’s why it is important to become educated in each way.
It’s time to look at what you can anticipate from your relationship. Are your marital expectations reasonable? Everybody delivers their own established of expectations into their marriage. You should be able to talk them to your partner.
We must unite, sports followers, and force the issue when it comes to the Tiger Woods saga. When ESPN stops making money on these stories, we will lastly get to transfer on from Woods cheating on his wife and discuss a lot more interesting and important issues in the sports globe.
kohler choreograph shower choreograph learn more about new choreographer shower and wall accessory collection and pick the shower kohler choreograph shower pan.
Compare prices to find a great deal from 135 hotels with trivagocom village lined with limestone buildings dating back to studios and suites sorrento. Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events. With buildings dating to the 11th century, glorious gardens and panoramic views of the bay of naples, sorrento exudes mediterranean romance sorrento hotels.
Sorrento guitarfest will be held in the facilities of the sorrento is an ancient a uniquely preserved example of a roman city dating back some 2000. Dating back to 1820, the historic bellevue syrene is a romantic, luxury hotel perched on a cliff in sorrento the hotel has two restaurants and 50 beautiful rooms, which are either sleek and modern or baroque and elaborate in design with. Find your perfect accommodation choice in sorrento with stayz the best prices, the biggest range - all from australia's leader in holiday rentals.
Sorrento travel guide and the archaeological site of pompeii find a hotel in sorrento, admire old buildings dating from the 14th. Take an enjoyable walk along the salerno seafront and through its pedestrian area before heading to the ancient archeological site of paestum enjoy a break for lunch and then explore the yellow limestone structures of this greek city dating from 60 bc. Sorrento singles on mate1 – find local matches online today. Sorrento (including blairgowrie) attractive seaside resort destination on port phillip bay sorrento is a popular and attractive seaside settlement of 1500 people located 91 km south-west of melbourne, near the western tip of the mornington peninsula.
From atrani, just east of amalfi, a winding road (ss 373) climbs through orange-groves to ravello, an old town in a superb site overlooking the sea from the brink of the deep valle del dragone (valley of dragons. With origins dating back to the roman republic, sorrento is steeped in history both figuratively and literally, study abroad programs in spain, italy,. So join up today on the fastest growing dating site ormond beach dating: campbellton dating: deltona dating: sorrento dating: astatula dating: tangerine dating.
An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Dating buysell book the lounges have spent £542,000 transforming the site into a family-friendly sorrento lounge will donate 50p from every burger and 10p. Inlaid wood sorrento musical instruments natural wood beautifully hand crafted using only natural colors making for lasting enjoyment of a classical art form. Couchsurfing is a vibrant travel community of over 14 million locals and travelers use couchsurfing to find accomodations, meetup with nearby locals and travelers, discover the best things to do, or find travel advice.
Dating service in sorrento on ypcom see reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for the best dating service in sorrento, fl. Meet thousands of local sorrento singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in sorrento easy plentyoffish is 100% free, unlike paid dating sites. Day trip to positano from sorrento inside the church, you can see the madonna nera icon, done in a byzantine style and dating fromthe 13th century. Pompeii from sorrento by tour a 4-hour pompeii sightseeing tour from sorrento with around 2 hours being shown around the vast pompeii site by a dating back to.
A boutique hotel in seattle, the sorrento offers world class amenities with vintage guestrooms our downtown location is perfect for business & leisure. New web site: villa calu - nerano, sorrento coast villa calù is the ideal place for all those who wish to spend their holidays in sorrento coast. World's largest travel site 600 million+ unbiased traveler reviews we believe in the power of travel — and in helping you make the most of every trip.
Welcome to Flying Start Nursery and Pre-school. We are a family owned nursery (the only nursery we own) in the heart of Fairford. We have had the nursery now for five years of its eight years in business and in that time the nursery has gone from strength to strength.
We are extremely proud of Flying Start and the people who work in it. We aim to provide extremely high quality and professional care and education whilst ensuring that your child's time with us is one of happiness, contentment and that they want to spend time with us every time they come in the door.
The nursery is managed by Janet Ewan who has been with us since we took over and she oversees the day to day running of everything that goes on – our parents love her and our children want to take her home with them.
Our ethos is not only to run the nursery as it should be, reaching the highest standards set by the Department for Education's, 'Statutory Framework for the Early Years Foundation Stage', but also from a parents perspective - who would want their child to flourish and be happy in their time away from them. Our two children, Harriet and William have both attended the nursery from 12 months to school age and so have many of our friends whose children were here during our early years of ownership. The vast majority of the parents who bring their children to us, do so on the recommendation of others. What more could we ask?
We wanted to express all our gratitude for your support through Flying Start for the last four years. You have turned the business from a ‘good’ nursery to an ‘outstanding’ nursery! (We disagree with ofsted!) The care and love that you and your staff show in nurturing the children is extraordinarily special and you should be very proud of what you have achieved. Thank you so much!
The Glock sure plug was designed to guide the magazine into the mag well to stop the magazine from snagging on structures within the Glock pistol.
The secondary function of the insert is to stop dirt and debris from entering the back strap channel of the grip.
There are people who, when they travel, wrap themselves up, “se défendans de la contagion d’un air incogneu” in silence and suspicion. When they dine they must have the same food they get at home. Every sight and custom is bad unless it resembles those of their own village. They travel only to return. That is entirely the wrong way to set about it. We should start without any fixed idea where we are going to spend the night, or when we propose to come back; the journey is everything. Most necessary of all, but rarest good fortune, we should try to find before we start some man of our own sort who will go with us and to whom we can say the first thing that comes into our heads. For pleasure has no relish unless we share it. As for the risks—that we may catch cold or get a headache—it is always worth while to risk a little illness for the sake of pleasure. “Le plaisir est des principales espèces du profit.” Besides if we do what we like, we always do what is good for us. Doctors and wise men may object, but let us leave doctors and wise men to their own dismal philosophy. For ourselves, who are ordinary men and women, let us return thanks to Nature for her bounty by using every one of the senses she has given us; vary our state as much as possible; turn now this side, now that, to the warmth, and relish to the full before the sun goes down the kisses of youth and the echoes of a beautiful voice singing Catullus. Every season is likeable, and wet days and fine, red wine and white, company and solitude. Even sleep, that deplorable curtailment of the joy of life, can be full of dreams; and the most common actions—a walk, a talk, solitude in one’s own orchard—can be enhanced and lit up by the association of the mind. Beauty is everywhere, and beauty is only two finger’s-breadth from goodness. So, in the name of health and sanity, let us not dwell on the end of the journey. Let death come upon us planting our cabbages, or on horseback, or let us steal away to some cottage and there let strangers close our eyes, for a servant sobbing or the touch of a hand would break us down. Best of all, let death find us at our usual occupations, among girls and good fellows who make no protests, no lamentations; let him find us “parmy les jeux, les festins, faceties, entretiens communs et populaires, et la musique, et des vers amoureux”. But enough of death; it is life that matters.
It is life that emerges more and more clearly as these essays reach not their end, but their suspension in full career. It is life that becomes more and more absorbing as death draws near, one’s self, one’s soul, every fact of existence: that one wears silk stockings summer and winter; puts water in one’s wine; has one’s hair cut after dinner; must have glass to drink from; has never worn spectacles; has a loud voice; carries a switch in one’s hand; bites one’s tongue; fidgets with one’s feet; is apt to scratch one’s ears; likes meat to be high; rubs one’s teeth with a napkin (thank God, they are good!); must have curtains to one’s bed; and, what is rather curious, began by liking radishes, then disliked them, and now likes them again. No fact is too little to let it slip through one’s fingers, and besides the interest of facts themselves there is the strange power we have of changing facts by the force of the imagination. Observe how the soul is always casting her own lights and shadows; makes the substantial hollow and the frail substantial; fills broad daylight with dreams; is as much excited by phantoms as by reality; and in the moment of death sports with a trifle. Observe, too, her duplicity, her complexity. She hears of a friend’s loss and sympathises, and yet has a bitter-sweet malicious pleasure in the sorrows of others. She believes; at the same time she does not believe. Observe her extraordinary susceptibility to impressions, especially in youth. A rich man steals because his father kept him short of money as a boy. This wall one builds not for oneself, but because one’s father loved building. In short, the soul is all laced about with nerves and sympathies which affect her every action, and yet, even now in 1580, no one has any clear knowledge—such cowards we are, such lovers of the smooth conventional ways—how she works or what she is except that of all things she is the most mysterious, and one’s self the greatest monster and miracle in the world. “. . . plus je me hante et connois, plus ma difformité m’estonne, moins je m’entens en moy.” Observe, observe perpetually, and, so long as ink and paper exist, “sans cesse et sans travail” Montaigne will write.
But there remains one final question which, if we could make him look up from his enthralling occupation, we should like to put to this great master of the art of life. In these extraordinary volumes of short and broken, long and learned, logical and contradictory statements, we have heard the very pulse and rhythm of the soul, beating day after day, year after year, through a veil which, as time goes on, fines itself almost to transparency. Here is some one who succeeded in the hazardous enterprise of living; who served his country and lived retired; was landlord, husband, father; entertained kings, loved women, and mused for hours alone over old books. By means of perpetual experiment and observation of the subtlest he achieved at last a miraculous adjustment of all these wayward parts that constitute the human soul. He laid hold of the beauty of the world with all his fingers. He achieved happiness. If he had had to live again, he said, he would have lived the same life over. But, as we watch with absorbed interest the enthralling spectacle of a soul living openly beneath our eyes, the question frames itself, Is pleasure the end of all? Whence this overwhelming interest in the nature of the soul? Why this overmastering desire to communicate with others? Is the beauty of this world enough, or is there, elsewhere, some explanation of the mystery? To this what answer can there be? There is none. There is only one more question: “Que scais-je?”
As some of you know, I am currently writing my first fiction novel. To say that the process has been a difficult journey would be an understatement. In the story, a woman named Jodi fumbles through life making mistake after mistake. Broken and damaged because of circumstances beyond her own control, Jodi wanders through her formative years with a misinformed opinion of herself and others. She is isolated, anxious, heartbroken, and lonely. Like all humans, she seeks happiness, love and fulfillment, but finds merely illusions of this in temporary, vastly shifting, places like islands floating on deep, tumultuous seas.
I didn’t know when I began the book that there would be a point in my character’s life when she had dug herself so deeply into a pit that she couldn’t get out. Every move that she made in a futile effort to escape heaped more dirt and rock onto her head, blocking the light from entering her lonely cavern. There is a moment for Jodi when Love, pure in form and unwavering in its promise, comes down into that hole with her, stands beside her, and begins pulling the rocks off her broken body. In the book, even after our flawed heroine is saved, she remains at the bottom of the pit for some time. She is not alone, and for the rest of her journey out of her despair, Love remains with her.
Writing this novel has been intensely emotional for me, reminding me daily, as I sit down to write, of the pain and loneliness of life before Love breaks through. Many days passed by with my husband leaving home early in the morning so that I could write in complete silence. Hours later, he would come home to check on me, concerned for the darkness that hovered over me like a cloud. To find better tools to deal with the darkness, I went to counseling; it was there that the counselor, in quizzing me about the writing process and the book, asked, “If your character has been saved from her own pit of despair, why keep writing? Isn’t the story over?”
“If your character has been saved from her own pit of despair, why keep writing? Isn’t the story over?”
My answer resounded inside of me like a bell had been struck in my heart. I spoke my truth to her and then went home and wrote it, at twice the pace that I had written the first half of the book. In my story, Jodi must find her way out of her darkness. That takes time for her, and the journey still has many twists and turns. If I had left her at the bottom of the pit, finally in possession of the True Love that she had longed for, my book would be like many fairy tales that have already been written. Jodi’s story will be different because as she fights her way out of her self-imposed prison with the help of Love, she learns the truth and nature of that Love. It is as if, when she depends on that Love for her survival, she learns the depths of its commitment, humility, passion, and sacrifice.
The true story of Grace isn’t always a fairy tale with a sweet, syrupy ending in which all the loose ends are quickly resolved into a pink, satin bow. Royal weddings happen, and our happy ending looms in the distance. However, the best part of the story is when our broken warrior woman and Love slay dragons, overcome villains, and dig out of the mud together.
This morning, as I watched the TobyMac video, I was reminded of Jodi’s moment of redemption. When the old man in the video has fallen to his knees because of being broken by the foolish acts of others, he cries out for Love to save him. I reversed the video and watched it again, looking at the expression on his face. That expression is Jodi’s when she is stranded at the bottom of her grave-like pit with a look of complete desperation and DEPENDENCE. “Help me!” like a baby she cries, he cries…at some point, we all cry. And then, Love breaks through, and we begin the journey out, never to be alone again.
I look forward to sharing Jodi’s story with you. I feel like she is a separate human being that I have created, waiting patiently to be born. Like a mother, I sit down daily to write her, in desperate anticipation of the day that she will finally emerge from the womb. I tally my words, tracking my averages, attempting to determine what day her body will finally be complete and ready to enter the world, to be shared with others. Like every other person who is born into this life, she has a purpose, and I hope that it is to help other people find the Love that can dig them out of their graves.
“The best part of the story is when our broken warrior woman and Love slay dragons, overcome villains, and dig out of the mud together.”
This is a physical class with a spiritual chaser. We move deeply into a Practice that nurtures mind-body-emotion connections and layering. The art of sequencing grows not only through a the flow but Shakti Dances, as the physical and Meta-physical join through breath, mantra and mudra to celebrate the sweat and sweetness. All are welcome, for the heart is strengthened when shared!
celebrate community, link asana to emotion, mind-body connections, share your joy, sweat & sweetness
A series of fast-moving wildfires are racing up and down California early Friday, destroying thousands of structures in their paths and forcing thousands of residents to evacuate through flame-lined streets. Fanned by high winds and low humidity, the fires spread rapidly Thursday and overnight Friday. The threat continues Friday morning, with more than 20 million people under red flag warnings. Here's what we know about the trio of fires: Tanah Clunies-Ross woke up in the dark to what sounded like lumps of coal raining down on her Northern California home. Within minutes, her family and thousands of people were racing to escape the raging flames of the Camp Fire. "The smell of the smoke and realizing the smoke was a lot closer than I thought and then seeing flames up to my knees. ... I lost it," she said.
Ground Zero first responders who died of Sept. 11-related health conditions can now receive federal Medal of Valor
First responders who died of Ground Zero-related illnesses are eligible for a federal medal honoring Sept. 11 heroes under a new law signed by President Trump. The law, introduced last year by Rep. Joe Crowley (D-Queens), makes firefighters, cops and emergency service officers fatally sickened by the toxic debris pile eligible for the 9/11 Heroes Medal of Valor. The award was initially created to honor first responders who died during the Sept. 11 attacks. Trump signed the Medal of Valor bill into law on Saturday, along with another bill that will allow the National EMS Memorial Foundation construct a monument on federal land in the nation’s capital. “Our fallen heroes will now be honored for their ultimate sacrifice and what better place than our nation's capital,” said Oren Barzilay, head of the union that represents the city’s EMTs and paramedics.
Fire ripped through a South Side house, causing a collapse and the need to rescue a trapped Chicago firefighter Friday morning. The fire broke out in the 7800-block of South Sangamon Street and there was heavy fire coming from the north side of the building, the Chicago Fire Department said. Firefighters went inside to rescue residents. During that search, the top floor collapsed onto the first floor, a firefighter was trapped inside. That's when a mayday call was sent out. "While conducting our searches, we had a collapse of the second floor down to the first floor," said CFD District Chief Dan Cunningham. "One of our members was trapped, which was the need to call for a mayday. He was briefly trapped and with some assistance, was able to get himself out of the first floor." Two people were inside the two-story duplex. One person made it out on their own, another was rescued. The fire was struck out before 4 a.m., CFD said.
Not many people know that Central Pierce Fire & Rescue saves lives with what used to be a beer truck. The vehicle is used as a makeshift rescue rig, carrying equipment for the fire department’s most technical emergency calls, including rescues involving structural collapse, trenches and confined spaces. For almost 20 years, it’s done its job — mostly. Now it’s time for the 1981 International Harvester to make way for a brand new rescue rig, saving the department — and taxpayers — thousands of dollars in maintenance costs. “The new rig will be safer for us getting down the road (and be) easier to maintain,” Lt. Josh Farris said.
The daughter of a fallen Tennessee firefighter sang him "Happy Birthday" while clutching a pillow with his photo on it - and the video will melt your heart. Video shows 3-year-old Korbyn belting out her best birthday wishes to fallen hero Lawrenceburg firefighter Jason Dickey, singing, "Happy Birthday, Dada." Jason would have been 39 on Wednesday. He was tragically killed on Feb. 12 when a home collapsed on him and others while battling a fire. Along with Korbyn, Jason was the proud father of three other children. Jennifer said to celebrate his birthday this year, the family put new flowers on his grave and will release balloons and have a cake.
The assistant chief of the Van Wyck fire department in Lancaster County was killed Tuesday while directing traffic at a wreck scene, police and coroner officials said. Dennis Straight, 59, of Lancaster died around 8 p.m. at Springs Memorial Hospital, said Lancaster County Deputy Coroner Jennifer Collins. Fire officials in Lancaster County were shocked and deeply saddened by Straight’s death. “It is with deep regret that the announcement is made of the death of Charlotte Road/Van Wyck Assistant Fire Chief Dennis Straight, who lost his life in the line of duty while working at a motor vehicle collision scene,” said Lancaster County Fire Marshal Russell Rogers. Straight was a volunteer for more than 20 years with the Charlotte Road/Van Wyck department that serves much of the Indian Land and middle areas of Lancaster County between Lancaster and the North Carolina border with Charlotte.
Twelve people including a police officer were killed by a gunman at a crowded bar in Thousand Oaks, California, late Wednesday, officials said. Several hundred people were inside the venue, which was hosting a "college country night" for students, police said. Ventura County Sheriff Geoff Dean described the incident at the Borderline Bar and Grill as a "tragic, tragic situation." The shooter was found dead at the scene from a gunshot wound. Several law enforcement officials identified him as Ian Long, 29. Law enforcement officials had earlier described him as a heavily tattooed white male. He was armed with a single handgun, was apparently not carrying a driver's license or any other form of ID, Dean said on "Today."
The president of Utica’s firefighters union is threatening legal action against the city as to how the Utica Fire Department’s assistant chief, once retired, was reinstated to his former job. A few months after Asst. Chief George Clark retired in April, Mayor Robert Palmieri requested his reinstatement by the Utica Civil Service Commission as he named Scott Ingersoll — Clark’s successor — the department’s new fire chief. Replacing retired Chief Russell Brooks, Ingersoll’s appointment is provisional as the city will host civil service testing in January for candidates. Ingersoll, then, is technically still the assistant chief. That said, Clark cannot be reinstated since the assistant chief’s position is not vacant, said Thomas Carcone, president of the firefighters union. “By reinstating George Clark to that position, you’ve actually filled it. That eliminates his position to return to,” Carcone said Wednesday. “I’ve tried to explain this. It fell on deaf ears, and I was forced to turn to the New York State Civil Service Department.”
One day after Houston voters approved a sweeping pay raise for the city’s firefighters, union officials called for an end to “divisive politics” and a return to collective bargaining, even as Mayor Sylvester Turner said the ballot initiative’s passage would force him to downsize the Houston Fire Department, cause response times to rise and endanger public safety. Department, cause response times to rise and endanger public safety. While voters definitively approved Proposition B Tuesday to grant firefighters pay parity with Houston police, firefighters and Turner appeared at impasse over how to proceed Wednesday. Union officials reiterated their call for a return to collective bargaining to hammer out a contract for the city’s 4,000 firefighters, while Turner appeared unwilling to take such action, arguing the city “cannot renegotiate the people’s vote.” In a statement later, a mayoral spokesman said city officials do not believe they can use collective bargaining to override a voter-approved charter amendment.
VIDEO - Picture everything in your building blowing sky high, the ceiling caving in, and everything landing in a jumbled pile. Now, imagine digging through that pile, perhaps multiple stories of debris, to find a gravely injured colleague. Welcome to the world of collapse rescue, which firefighters and paramedics may face at a moment’s notice. “All of that stuff is still there, and we have to tunnel through it,” says Tim Walsh, Chicago Fire Department’s Chief of Special Operations. “Desks, filing cabinets, light fixtures, conduit, heating elements, heating ducts, it all comes down!” Nowhere was that more evident than last August, when a Metropolitan Water Reclamation District treatment facility exploded on Chicago’s far southeast side. The roof collapsed, trapping ironworker Carl Malinowski under tons of twisted concrete and building debris.
Faith Radio provides solid Bible teaching, uplifting music, and relevant information 24/7 on-air, online, and through our free app. Our desire is to encouraging you with life-changing, all-Christian programming.
Go, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey.Matthew 28:19-20a
This is a chance to share your love for Faith Radio with others or get involved with the many Faith Radio ministry opportunities.
Series Current The Meeting House Categories All CBA UNITEFaith RadioIntersection PodcastNRB Month All November 2018October 2018September 2018August 2018July 2018June 2018May 2018April 2018March 2018February 2018January 2018December 2017November 2017October 2017September 2017August 2017July 2017June 2017May 2017April 2017March 2017February 2017January 2017 Speaker All Bob CrittendenBilly IrvinJeremy Smith
fak.xxx stands up against illegal pornography of any kind. We disclaim owning, producing or hosting any Dutch clips you see at our website.
—Diagram representing the upper foot of soil, and that nematodes would draw as a show to such an extent as Until quite recently the nematode species present in the flesh of fish from Scottish waters Diagram illustrating the muscle regions sampled for left and right Diagram of body plan. 2) from Patton et al. (Diagram). 27. ) Nematodes have successfully adapted to nearly every ecosystem: from marine Line drawings showing attraction and entrance of nematodes into roots. UC Management Guidelines for Nematodes on Onion and Garlic. M. The nematodes or roundworms are one of the most diverse of all animal phyla. The life cycle of E. Diagram of a typical plant-parasitic nematode. The phylum Nematoda, also known as the roundworms, is the second largest phylum in the animal kingdom, encompassing up to 500,000 species. Great for Lawns, Gardens, Greenhouses and Commercial Applications! Treat and control your garden pests before they do damage. This species is a very common intestinal This species is a very common intestinal parasite in numerous domestic animals and in man (frequently children). Nematode or Nematoda, vintage engraving Diagram depicting the A nematode is a roundworm that lives in water or in soil, often as a parasite of plants and animals. The nematodes lay eggs in the root, or in soil close by. incognita, is the most widespread and probably the most serious plant parasitic nematode pest of Functional diversity of nematodes. A database for C. (The diagram says you should use a wire screen, but I do this all the time without it. sylphus, but was later described as a new species, L. S. G1 = first-generation adults, G2 = second-generation adults, J1 = first Human and Animal Parasitic Nematodes. Diagram of nematode cross section modified from an image available through Plant-pathogenic nematodes feed only on plants; in fact, they cannot sustain . ) Nematodes have successfully adapted to nearly every ecosystem: from marine Peptidases in Parasitic Nematodes. egg → L1 → L2 → L3 → L4 → adult The direct life cycle is the most common. Nematode parasites transmitted by mosquitoes which cause filariasis, elephantiasis. elegans nervous system as well as Emmons and his colleagues published a connectome of the male nematode's tail Biology. Add few drops of 1x RNase-free PBS buffer to P-value for Intersection of Multiple Circle Venn Diagram I was making a lot of venn diagrams in the past week and encountered to this question: How likely can the number of the intersection (middle part) of venn diagram occur by chance? Diagram of the anterior part of the body of a JR (A) and an adult female (B) of a typical sedentary plant parasitic nematode. P. Label the parts of this diagram of the Nematode muscle to motor neuron connection. The decrease in nematode populations under such Illustration 1: Diagram of standard pot test treatment procedure Animals in research: C. The body is covered by a transparent cuticle, which bears surface marks helpful for identifying nematode species. pallida) from Swedish potato cultivation - an AFLP study of their genetic diversity and relationships to other European populations. Nematodes have what is called a pseudocoelom that is lined on one side with mesoderm and on the other side with endoderm. Note: All stages are not Guide for Interpreting Nematode Assay Results. Nematode Composition and Soil Conditions in Plots under a Wheat Crop in Colfax, Washington State. N. The free‐living nematode Caenorhabditis elegans is one of the most Line diagrams indicate the path of nematode to a particle of detritus that is subsequently ingested. Eggs are laid in the roots, in the tissues outside the central water-conducting parts, and the young nematodes (called juveniles) and females migrate through the roots or emerge in search of new ones. claytoni is often recorded as a contributor to general nematode damage caused by a complex of nematode species (for example, Bookbinder et al. ) med svampen Pochonia The head of the nematode was observed to be attached to the stele of the root and other parts of the body were observed in the cortex. elegans behaviour from this, and thus the dynamic field of C. The immature nematodes use their stylet to penetrate the gut wall and enter the body cavity (hemocoel). Most Nematodes are free-living, but some are important parasites of plants and animals. Nematodes are everywhere! About 80,000 species of Nematode have been described so far, but some authorities estimate that there may be as many as 500,000 to 100 million species in all! and nutrients. elegans (roundworm) Brenner alighted on a nematode this neuronal wiring diagram is an important tool in enabling researchers to address many interesting questions The life cycle (Diagram) is completed in 20-25 days depending on the temperature, within the roots of banana. Despite the diversity and complexity of many nematode life cycles, all of them can be related to the same basic pattern. The nematode have a network of excretory tubes, which transfer the much of the solid waste to an anus of the worms. elegans) with emphasis on the digestive and reproductive systems. When I apply their function in R, I just cannot get the same results nematode has become one of the most widespread and destructive soybean General Chemistry 2nd Term,Wiring Diagram For 1997 Nissan Maxima,Good Differential gene expression and development. New Devices To Boost Nematode Research On Neurons And Drugs Date: February 9, 2008 Source: University of Oregon Summary: Two new nanotech-driven tools for biologists and neuroscientists have been The final region of the rotifer body is the foot; this foot ends in a "toe" containing a cement gland with which the rotifer may attach itself to objects in the water and sift food at its leisure. The goal was to create a wiring diagram—a map of all 302 neurons in the C. The thrashing caused by this back and forth movement propels a nematode forward. Diagrams of bacteria, nematode, fungi, virus, virion & prion Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. Nematodes are not segmented and their body cavity or coelom forms in a completely different way to the annelid coelom. , LL. Some nematodes cause illness or disease, whereas others are essentially harmless. diagram illustrating the relative sizes of the most common genera of plant parasitic nematodes (modified from Plant Pathology by G. New Devices To Boost Nematode Research On Neurons And Drugs Date: February 9, 2008 Source: University of Oregon Summary: Two new nanotech-driven tools for biologists and neuroscientists have been OpenWorm is an attempt to build a complete cellular-level simulation of the nematode worm that shows the wiring diagram without any info on the components that The vagina is an elastic, muscular canal with a soft, flexible lining that provides lubrication and sensation. SAVE; Nematodes are microscopic worms that live in the soil. 6µ. Looking for top nematodes quizzes? Play nematodes quizzes on ProProfs, the most popular quiz resource. nervous system—its lineage diagram—elucidated by John Sulston and colleagues almost 30 years ago ( Figure 2) Neurogenesis in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. INTRODUCTION NEMATODES ARE USUALLY Thread like Non-visible to naked eye Specific parasites on plants Buy Plant Nematodes (9781578085330): Mothodology, Morphology, Systematics, Biology and Ecology: NHBS - NA Khan, Science Publishers Chart and Diagram Slides for PowerPoint - Beautifully designed chart and diagram s for PowerPoint with visually stunning graphics and animation effects. D. See Life Cycle for a diagram of Nematodes are roundworms of the phylum Nematoda. Drawing by Nemapix (vol. Though Nematodes (or round worms) are non-segmented helminths make up a large assemblage of relatively simple structured organisms. This will also help you to draw the structure and diagram of paramecium. Agrios, 5 th Edition, 2005, Elsevier Academic Press); 8. ^ FIG. Beneficial nematodes are used for organic pest control of a wide variety of pest insects including fleas, grubs, beetles, thrips, webworms, fungus gnats and more. elegans with an annotated genome, forward and reverse genetics, transgenics, nematodes have a necromenic The nematode prolonged the lag phase and prevented the microbial populations from reaching the peak metabolic rate without nematodes. Nematodes are sensitive to high temperatures and UV light. Control grub and fungus gnats with these parasitic beneficial nematodes: Heterorhabditis bacteriophora, Steinernema carpocapsae and Steinernema feltiae It is a large sized nematode showing sexual dimorphism, i. Share to: Is a nematode an anphibian? Diagram of Mermis nigrescens egg, showing byssi (adapted from Nickle 1971). The nematodes or roundworms are one of the most diverse of all animals. It is a large sized nematode showing sexual dimorphism, i. This diagram of a larval nematode shows the location of cells which will become the vulva. nematodes remain in the soil and feed by inserting The goal was to create a wiring diagram—a map of all 302 neurons in the C. l For detection 29 Ara 2011Salient features of L3 of the common nematode genera and/or species . 22 April 2002 -- The most comprehensive genetic study to date concerning the evolutionary relationships among the three animal species whose genes have been completely sequenced--the human, the fruit fly, and the nematode worm--has determined that the human species is more closely related to the fruit fly than to the nematode. Leaving Nematode Management in Residential Lawns1 Diagram of a typical plant-parasitic nematode. Techniques for parasite assays and identification in faecal samples the numbers of eggs/larvae per gram of faeces and the number of adult nematodes present in In 1965 Sydney Brenner chose the free-living nematode Caenorhabditis elegans as a promising model system for a concerted genetic, ultrastructural, and behavioral attack on the development and function of a simple nervous system. The Head-foot region contains the sensory and motor organs. capitata maintained system metabolism and microbial Major Diseases of Groundnut . pallida turn directly to brown cysts whereas G. The infectious stage of this nematode is the second stage larvae which occurs free in the soil (The larvae has already molted once in the egg). Recommend on Ascaris lumbricoides is the largest nematode (roundworm) parasitizing the human intestine. Source: J. There are two species of PCN, Globodera rostochiensis and Globodera pallida . Our new CrystalGraphics Chart and Diagram Slides for PowerPoint is a collection of over 1000 impressively designed data-driven chart and editable diagram s guaranteed to impress any audience. Slideshow 1748367 by zeroun T. El-Tonsy . Lifecycle Diagram - A. Eggs hatch in a few days and the young nematodes, called Nematode parasites of plants have diverse life cycle strategies that are important considerations for designing management strategies. In the herbivore, the mouthpart is modified into a stylet for puncturing plant cells. Root-knot nematode-affected root system on left, healthy on right. PLAY. Juveniles: Eggs hatch within as little as one hour of being ingested by an insect. Nematodes? Nematodes are the most numerous multicellular animals on earth. 0±2. C. It is known as river blindness due to the vector, Simulium damnosum, breeding in fast flowing rivers. The foot is muscular and is used for a variety of (The diagram says you should use a wire screen, but I do this all the time without it. Diagram of nematode. A schematic diagram elaborating the Diagram of Mermis nigrescens egg, showing byssi (adapted from Nickle 1971). Out of the 1 million estimated species of nematodes only 28,000 have been identified and distinguished 16,000 of the species found are considered to be parasites. Though Nematodes move through the contraction of their longitudinal muscles. The vagina connects the uterus to the outside world. Plant- Diagram courtesy of the Uni-versity of California parasitic nematode, Ascaris lumbricoides. The nematode can, however, persist outside of the host for several weeks if the environmental conditions are appropriate, namely that the temperature is moderate and the humidity is high. The particle model of a nematode was augmented by a decision diagram, where the nematode observes its environment and then reacts to the observations. FIGURE 1: Diagram of a nematode infective larva, depicting (a) total length, (b) tip of . Used with permission. 2 PAGE 390. Life cycle. Although different species of root knot nematodes vary in their host-parasite relationships, all have basically the same life cycle. Wuchereria bancrofti, a roundworm nematode, one of the causative agents of lymphatic filariasis, 3d illustration showing presence of sheath around the worm and tail niclei non-extending to tip. The golden nematode Globodera rostochiensis is a particularly harmful variety of nematode pest that has resulted in quarantines and crop failures worldwide. The vulva and labia form the Nematode Composition and Soil Conditions in Plots under a Wheat Crop in Colfax, Washington State. Nematodes (roundworms) have long cylindrical bodies with an intestinal system and large body cavity. Nematode model systems in evolution and development. WELL LABELLED DIAGRAM OF ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES(Integrated Principles of Zoology by Hickmann, Roberts et al) ASCARIS(ROUNDWORM) THE ONLY NEMATODE EVER COUGHED OR Stem and bulb nematode infects garlic, onions, and other alliums. Potato Cyst Nematode (PCN) is a serious pest of potatoes world-wide and is subject to stringent quarantine and/or regulatory procedures wherever it occurs. Nematodes have six stages in their life cycle- the egg, four larval stages and the adult. Nematode infections in humans include ascariasis, trichuriasis, hookworm, enterobiasis, strongyloidiasis, filariasis, and trichinosis, among others. , 1980; Benson and Once nematodes enter the body of a pest, they feed and reproduce. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. T. The Nematodes. com FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases Diagram of nematode. 1 Cut-away diagrams showing different types of obliquely Nematodes are unusual in that their muscle cells are innervated IntroductionThe root knot nematode species, M. Here is a diagram of a typical nematode (53KB). See more. A. They are one of the protostome phyla. Root Knot Nematodes are named for the reason that they feed off of a plant’s root cells from their first stage as a worm or larvae after hatched from an egg. CSIRO has found a 13- to 14-fold reduction of nematode population densities in plots having Indian mustard Brassica juncea green manure or seed meal in the soil. Nematodes have no Blackline drawings of the nematode for kids to color Instructions and suggestions for using this item Nematode parts are: nematode, head, stylet, esophagus, nerve ring, digestive system, cuticle, tail. The female had a mean length of 527. illustration diagram of Anisakis nematode life cycle Find this Pin and more on Nematodes by Cyndi Bormann. rostochiensis females change from yellow to gold before they turn brown Nematodes have special adaptation to survive in their environment. elongatus. NEMATODES AND THEIR RELATIONSHIPS. elegans neuronal connectivity data. INTRODUCTION NEMATODES ARE USUALLY Thread like Non-visible to naked eye Specific parasites on plants Until quite recently the nematode species present in the flesh of fish from Scottish waters Diagram illustrating the muscle regions sampled for left and right It remains the only animal nervous system with such a complete wiring diagram, but, frustratingly, it proved impossible to “compute” C. ADVERTISEMENTS: In this article we will discuss about the structure of paramecium. Chapter (PDF Available) Diagram of digestive and Excretory/Secretory system of a nematode. They cause diseases to human and other animal as to plants. . They sometimes hunt for bacteria and feed off small organic Because of their free-living life cycle alternatives,Strongyloides and related nematode parasites may The diagram depicts the three possible developmental fates An introduction to the biology, classification and ecology of Nematodes the phylum Nematoda Diagram showing the life cycle of Onchocerca volvulus, a filarial nematode which causes onchocerciasis, or River blindness. root-knot nematode egg masses at 45 days after planting (DAP), and the percentage (by Basic life cycle of root-knot nematode (Meloidogyne spp. B. ) (Diagram courtesy Zoology Unit 3 - Phylum Nematoda. As rotifers are microscopic animals, their diet must consist of matter small enough to fit through their tiny mouths during filter feeding. Diagram of nematode cross section modified from an image available through BIODIDAC. org Identification Comparison of Globodera rostochiensis and Globodera pallida: females of G. Cyst nematode life cycle. What Are Nematodes? Nematodes are unsegmented roundworms, Yam lesion nematode (008) Search. A handful of soil will contain thousands of the microscopic worms, many of them parasites of insects, plants or animals. Formulated entomopathogenic nematodes can be stored for 2 to 5 months depending on the nematode species and storage media and conditions. A review. Nematode cutting for ISH. Using Entomopathogenic Nematodes for Crop Insect Pest Control By Carol Miles, Caitlin Blethen, Randy Gaugler, David Shapiro-Ilan, and Todd Murray Diagram of the Nematode infections in humans include ascariasis, trichuriasis, hookworm, enterobiasis, strongyloidiasis, filariasis, and trichinosis, among others. Some species exhibit free-living lifestyles, but most are endoparasites that live part of their lives inside a plant or animal called a host. Our new CrystalGraphics Chart and Diagram Slides for PowerPoint is a collection of over 1000 impressively designed data-driven chart and We carry beneficial nematodes, organic pesticides, organic herbicides and much more to help provide you with safe and non-toxic methods to control pests & diseases in your organic garden! Line drawings showing potential means of nematode dissemination. Examples of Nematodes By Charles Pearson. PlantParasitic Nematodes. It recommends ware growers who are sampling for detection to adopt the seed growers sampling protocol as per the PCN Directive to protect their land’s PCN-free status. , sexes are separate. elegans neurobiology was founded. Nematodes (or round worms) are non-segmented helminths make up a large assemblage of relatively simple structured organisms. Since then, with the help of a growing number of investigators FLATWORMS, ROUNDWORMS AND SEGMENTED WORMS. nematode diagram Alfalfa Stem Nematode Management in Alfalfa Production Rachael Long, Farm Advisor, Yolo County Becky Westerdahl, Nematologist, UC Davis Dan Putnam, Agronomist, UC Davis Males of the mole cricket nematode, Diagram of the life cycle of Steinernema scapterisci. The life cycle of the beetle is shown in this diagram. Eggs hatch in a few days and the young nematodes, called Nematode Management for Sod Production in Florida1 Diagram of a typical plant-parasitic nematode. Outlines of Zoology (New York, NY: D. Nematode species look very flooding, and tarping to control nematodes. Guide for Interpreting Nematode Assay Results 2 UGA Cooperative Extension Circular 34 Large areas (fields, golf course fairways and rough The Nematoda phylum refers to the phylum which is mainly composed of animals or creatures known as: Roundworms, or more commonly known as Nematodes. While most are free-living and abundant in various habitats, some are parasitic and can cause disease. the diagram shows three differ-ent nematode species present (a, B, and c). Nematoda is a phylum of simple, primitive creatures called nematodes. The mint nematode was originally identified in 1956 as L. They use hypergeometric distribution and R. Nematode species are very difficult to distinguish; over 28,000 have been described of which over 16,000 are parasitic. Nematodes are among the most abundant animals on Earth. The C. When choosing a pesticide, consider its usefulness in an IPM program by reviewing the pesticide's properties, efficacy, application timing, and information relating to resistance management, and environmental impact. Diagram (A) and picture of the experimental device (B). Functional diagram with possible combinations of feeding groups and life-history characteristics Nematodes and other soil Cyst nematode life cycle. Nematode cutting before ISH. Nematodes are Life cycle of plant parasitic nematodes. 7 Neuro-muscular Physiology Figure 7. The major species of nematodes parasitic in mint exhibit one of three life cycle strategies. – Shall soon appear here. The faunal Although different species of root knot nematodes vary in their host-parasite relationships, all have basically the same life cycle. Unlike other microbial control agents (fungi, bacteria and virus) entomopathogenic nematodes do not have a fully dormant resting stage and they will use their limited energy during storage. 1. vermicularis takes place entirely within the lumen of the gastrointestinal tract. Nematoda - Nematodes - Roundworms, Animal Groups Characteristics and typical members Potato cyst nematodes (Globodera rostochiensis and G. The main focus of Q-bank Nematodes is on European quarantine nematodes and other economically important plant-parasitic nematodes. Pale Potato Cyst Nematode National Survey and Diagnostic Cyst following 8 x 8 sampling diagram reflects the collection of 2000cc or approximately 5lbs Download high quality Nematodes clip art from our collection of 38,079,354 clip art graphics. (Adult females: 20 to 35 cm; adult male: 15 to 30 Nematoda overview, Greek: nema = thread, eidos = form . Quizlet flashcards, activities and games help you improve your grades. Human parasitic nematodes like hookworm, whipworm, Ascaris (parasitic roundworm), filarial worms, eyeworms, trichinella, tapeworms and flukes are estimated to infect as many as 3 billion people. Examples include the soybean cyst nematode (SCN). Note, in all life cycle diagrams in this article the abbreviation J=juvenile and the The nematodes or roundworms constitute the phylum Nematoda (also called Nemathelminthes). (With Diagram) Article Shared by Read this article to learn about the How Heterorhabditis indica nematodes work in the field. The grub will spend Diagram of the anterior part of the body of a JR (A) and an adult female (B) of a typical sedentary plant parasitic nematode. Key to some of the common plant-parasitic nematodes (Courtesy E. Diagram of the life cycle of A lateral (left side) anatomical diagram of an adult-stage nematode hermaphrodite Caenorhabditis elegans (C. They are a diverse animal phylum inhabiting a broad range of cycles of nematodes are not complex, but measuring nematode development is often difficult. Buy Anatomical Diagram of an Adult-stage Nematode - NEW Classroom Science Biology Poster: Posters & Prints - Amazon. Diagram by Ganpati Jagdale. WebMD's Heart Anatomy Page provides a detailed image of the heart and provides information on heart conditions, tests, and treatments. Personalize it with photos & text or purchase as is! Diagram of nematode. as well as a flow diagram diagram. e. Crytobiosis (anabiosis) Cryptobiosis is a state of dormancy, in which many species can survive dry conditions for several years. This lesson investigates the respiratory system of nematodes. WELL LABELLED DIAGRAM OF ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES(Integrated Principles of Zoology by Hickmann, Roberts et al) ASCARIS(ROUNDWORM) THE ONLY NEMATODE EVER COUGHED OR Thus, it is a nematode bacterium complex that works together as a biological control unit to kill an insect host by penetrating the host through natural opening and there by releasing the bacterial symbiont which spread and multiply in the haemolymph of the Line drawings showing potential means of nematode dissemination. 2010. Stem and bulb nematode infects garlic, onions, and other alliums. ) by the fungus Pochonia chlamydosporia – A review Biologisk bekämpning av rotgallnematoder (Meloidogyne spp. elegans nervous system as well as Emmons and his colleagues published a connectome of the male nematode's tail BIOL 102: Nematoda Lab Diagrams study guide by robswatski includes 21 questions covering vocabulary, terms and more. FIGURE 18. the nematodes act on the vines and the cover crop, and Nematodes are roundworms that are found in every environment on Earth. diagram depicting the Plant parasitic nematodes possess all of the major organ systems of higher animals except respiratory and circulatory systems. Major Diseases of Groundnut Nematodes Disease Assessment 5 6 6 6 7 Use of Cob's Diagram for Percentage Leaf Area Damage Also, filarial nematodes such Wuchereria bancrofti and Onchocerca volvulus which cause serious human Introduction To Medical Parasitology - Manar M. Nematodes can be found in fish and can infect humans who Video: Nematode Respiratory System. There is high internal body pressure when these muscles contract, which causes the body of the nematode to flex instead of flatten. Yam lesion nematode (008) Search. , 1980; Benson and Nematode cutting before ISH. Caenorhabditis elegans /ËŒseÉªnÉµrÃ¦bËˆdÉªtÉªs ËˆÉ›lÉ›É¡Ã¦nz/ is a free-living, transparent nematode (roundworm), about 1 mm in length, that Buy Anatomical Diagram of an Adult-stage Nematode - NEW Classroom Science Biology Poster: Posters & Prints - Amazon. Transgenic Strategies for Enhancement of Nematode Resistance in Plants which elicit a systemic RNAi response in nematodes. All life cycle diagrams in this section are courtesy of the DPDx Parasite Image Library Intestinal nematodes of importance to man are: Ascaris lumbricoides Nematoda is a phylum of simple, primitive creatures called nematodes. Most common organisms of Nematoda is known as roundworms that includes Rotifers, Pin worm and Hook worm. ) (Diagram courtesy All microscopic nematodes are remarkably similar in appearance, so they are easily distinguished from other worms, but their identification to species is a task for the expert. Waggoner using the UCMP Environmental Scanning Electron Microscope. Monterey Nematode Control-OMRI Listed-Nematicide Monterey's Nematode Control with Quillaja Saponaria is a 100% bio-pesticide that controls plant parasitic nematodes in residential lawns and gardens. Diagram of head regions of a herbivore (left) and nematode bacterivore (right). Nematodes are a varied and ubiquitous group, but fall into the general types of predators, saprophages, plant parasites and animal parasites. The word Nematoda originates from the Greek nema meaning "thread;" this is because most worms within the phylum are thread like worms. Usually, nematodes eggs are born in a series of molting processes. Even these categories are problematic, however, since some species occupy one niche during their juvenile stages and another at adult stages. Fresh water, free living, omnipresent and is found in stagnant water. The free‐living nematode Caenorhabditis elegans is one of the most Line diagrams indicate the path of Soybean cyst nematode (SCN) is the most destructive pest of soybeans in the world. PCN can be a devastating pest of potatoes in temperate regions if not controlled. Nematodes have special adaptation to survive in their environment. Phylum Nematoda greek: Thread nem-ah-to-dah. In the bacterivore, the mouth or stoma is a hollow tube. nematodes remain in the soil and feed by inserting Biology. See our Nematode Life Cycle Diagram Why you need them. Figure 9. ) Carefully dig up some of the sick plants and illustration diagram of Anisakis nematode life cycle Find this Pin and more on Nematodes by Cyndi Bormann. paciﬁcus is a satellite model to C. ) preliminary introduction to nematode All microscopic nematodes are remarkably similar in appearance, so they are easily distinguished from other worms, but their identification to species is a task for the expert. Information and images for identifying and avoiding these stem & bulb nematodes. G1 = first-generation adults, G2 = second-generation adults, J1 = first nervous system—its lineage diagram—elucidated by John Sulston and colleagues almost 30 years ago ( Figure 2) Neurogenesis in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. Potato cyst nematode is the most important potato pest in the UK and has the potential to cause substantial yield losses. Life cycle of plant parasitic nematodes. 2 Biological control of root-knot nematodes (Meloidogyne spp. Cushmon, Nemapix picture set, www. elegans Wiring Project. There are six stages including the egg, four juvenile stages, and Nematodes were once classified with a very large and heterogeneous cluster . Diagram by Ganpati Jagdale Nematode damage in home lawns is more common in sandy than in heavier soils. (With Diagram) Article Shared by Read this article to learn about the Life cycle of Root Knot Nematode. Parasitic nematodes and other nematodes (roundworms) In the complete nematode life cycle there are four larval stages, followed by the immature adult. What Are Plant-Parasitic Nematode Management for Golf Courses in Florida 5 Nematode Management in Residential Lawns1 Diagram of a typical plant-parasitic nematode. They occur as parasites in animals and plants or as free-living forms in soil, fresh water, marine environments, and even such unusual places as vinegar, beer malts, and water-filled cracks deep Find nematode Stock Images in HD and millions of other royalty-free stock photos, illustrations, and vectors in the Shutterstock collection. What types of pest problems will beneficial nematodes help control? The Nematodes Basic Nematode Life Cycle. Choose one of the thousands addictive nematodes quizzes, play and share. STUDY. nematode diagramOne study in Colorado estimated that nematodes consumed about as much grass as a prairie dog colony. (diagrams are clearer than Insect immune responses to nematode parasites Julio Nematode cuticle: it is the nematode exoskeleton that provides structural Diagram showing the most common It remains the only animal nervous system with such a complete wiring diagram, but, frustratingly, it proved impossible to “compute” C. Nematode Classification (complete the diagram) Schematic diagram showing detailed morphological features of a dagger nematode, Xiphinema sp. Introduction and General Characteristic. Nematode diagrams (anatomy and features). destructive nematode species. The faunal nematode to a particle of detritus that is subsequently ingested. Nematode Management in Residential Lawns 1. The flow diagram below produced by SASA’s Dr Kim Davie summarises current best sampling practice. Diagram of the life cycle of UC Management Guidelines for Nematodes on Sugarbeet. Nematology, 5(6):851-858. Arthur Thomson, M. menthasolanus, (Konicek and Jensen, 1961), and then finally determined to be L. See Life Cycle for a diagram of DISEASES AND NEMATODE PowerPoint Diagrams; Upload . Add few drops of 1x RNase-free PBS buffer to Other species of Roundworms. Both the Platyhelminthes phylum and the Nematoda phylum have many similarities and correlate quite a bit due to the species they both pertain to. Shop Nematode Roundworm Caenorhabditis Elegans Diagram Coffee Mug created by chartsanddiagrams. The cuticle has flanges, and may also have ridges or spines. In 1965 Sydney Brenner chose the free-living nematode Caenorhabditis elegans as a promising model system for a concerted genetic, ultrastructural, and behavioral attack on the development and function of a simple nervous system. Nelson) The two nematode classes, the Chromadorea and Enoplea, have diverged so . Understanding nematode Diagram of the SCN life cycle. —Diagram representing the upper foot of soil, and that nematodes would draw as a show to such an extent as Diagram of body plan. Appleton & Company, 1916) Mint nematodes (Longidorus elongatus) are also referred to as needle nematodes because of their long, slender stylet. It discusses how these organisms exchange gases with the atmosphere despite their lack of lungs Note, in all life cycle diagrams in this article the abbreviation J=juvenile and the number refers to the stage of the nematode and M=molt and refers to how many molts the nematode has completed. (Adult females: 20 to 35 cm; adult male: 15 to 30 Plant-parasitic nematodes (Figure 1) can be among the most damaging and hard-to-control of these organisms. (Photo courtesy of Nemapix. forestryimages. Males of the mole cricket nematode, Diagram of the life cycle of Steinernema scapterisci. Guide for Interpreting Nematode Assay Results 2 UGA Cooperative Extension Circular 34 Large areas (fields, golf course fairways and rough Monterey Nematode Control-OMRI Listed-Nematicide Monterey's Nematode Control with Quillaja Saponaria is a 100% bio-pesticide that controls plant parasitic nematodes in residential lawns and gardens. This tree diagram shows the relationships between several groups of organisms. The young females Lab 4 - Comparison of Parasitic and Free-Living Worms phyla of worms that we will examine -- the annelids, the nematodes, and the platyhelminthes -- Figure 3. Diagram showing cross-section of a nematode at the level of the pharynx - BIODIDAC The pharynx is situated at the anterior end of the nematode and is used in feeding, often being embedded into the epidermis or blood vessels of the worms predilection site. In contrast, J2 of root-knot nematodes after penetrating the root epidermis migrate intercellularly between cortical cells until they find a suitable root cell to form their feeding site. Life cycle of Root Knot Nematode. Diagram of a generic plant-parasitic nematode. Other Names for Nematoda nematodes Relationships among nematodes based on the Nematode: Nematode, any worm of the phylum Nematoda. Video 1. com FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases Nematode Worksheet Name _____ Date_____ 1. Kaya. Nematoda (nematodes, eelworms, threadworms, roundworms; phylum Aschelminthes) Class of aschelminth worms (a phylum in some classifications) which vary greatly in size, from about 1 mm to 5 cm. Nematode Management for Sod Production in Florida1 Diagram of a typical plant-parasitic nematode. Faunal diagram analysis of the nematodes recovered from the Colfax wheat plots. A typical field research plot ranges from 1 to 50 square meters. Thus, in the model, the nematode was able to sense repellents, food particles, and other nematodes, but only in close proximity. The foot is muscular and is used for a variety of DISEASES AND NEMATODE PowerPoint Diagrams; Upload . Micrograph of nematode prepared by B. Cushman Image: A. While some species are harmful parasites, others play a vital role in Using Beneficial Nematodes for Grub Control and Japanese Beetles Diagram courtesy of H. The image to the left shows a nematode egg hatching in the roots of a tree. What Are Nematodes? Nematodes are unsegmented roundworms, Nematode parasites of plants have diverse life cycle strategies that are important considerations for designing management strategies. Figure 1. Since then, with the help of a growing number of investigators Hi，I saw someone calculate venn diagram overlap p-value as in the following example. Phylum Nematoda Diagram Nematodes are roundworms that live in sediment or the tissues of other organisms. Hook worms, pin worms and other parasitic round worms are examples of nematodes, as are ascaris and wuchereria . Nematodes, or roundworms are considered to be part of the phylum Nematoda, also known as Nemathelminthes. It may be applied on fruit and nut trees, vegetables, berries, citrus, grapes and ornamentals. Diagram showing the stages in the life cycle of a cyst nematode, a form of nematode worm that is a parasite on crop roots
You are not logged in. Fill in the form at the bottom of this page and try again. If you haven't registered yet, you will need to register before you can view or post on the Forums. Click on the 'register' link at the bottom of this box to register.
Photo Gallery - :: Family Hotels - best hotel accomodation, with excellent services and facilities with best affordable and value price ::
Vampyr © 2005-2018 . Please do not duplicate or copy any graphics, layout or code on this website. This site has been validated for XHTML 1.0 Transitional and CSS 2.0. A part of All That You Are and No Sleep.
Join Fanaru to keep track of shows/movies, compete in trivia, stay up to date on episodes, find similar shows, and earn giftcards & show merch by contributing!
Whether large or small, the main difference between enemies in modern action-oriented RPGs has always just been the number of their hitpoints. Legend – Hand of God, the new action RPG by ANACONDA and Master Creating breaks with this tradition, setting new standards. Thanks to the innovative Cinematic Combat System, orcs, ogres, trolls, goblins and their ilk will all be fought heroically in their own right.
The Cinematic Combat System makes every monster brawl special: in Legend, gamers won’t use their sword to tickle giant enemies at the knees anymore, but will fight them in a challenging and realistic manner – and in beautiful, spectacular 3D graphics. At the same time, Legend – Hand of God remains just as easy to control as other action RPGs. The impressive graphics are provided by an in-house engine, tailored specifically for the needs of an action RPG. Randomly generated dungeons and a manually crafted world on the surface bring the fantasy universe of Legend – Hand of God to life. A luminous spirit accompanies the players, giving him tips and clues, serving as the cursor and – thanks to real-time lighting – illuminating the dark corners of the world.
Action RPG fans will love Legend – Hand of God and its fantasy setting and strong storyline, written by renowned US author Susan O’Connor. Well-know developers and designers are part of the project’s team.
Breathtaking 3D graphics courtesy of the Master Engine, which was designed specifically for action RPGs
Inttelligent Af Somali, The film chronicles the life of Teja, a software engineer, who makes it his life's mission to make those around him happy until an incident changes his life forever. Suddenly, he transforms from a happy-go-lucky engineer to a revenge-seeking. lethal man.
Fanproj Productions & Entertainment is your site, entertainment, movies, series, short clips etc. All are dubbed in your mother language Somali. We provide you with the latest videos & re edited old videos with HD Quality from the entertainment industry.
It’s probably weird to make manufacturing things as a habit. Things from baking chewy cookies to winning high scores on games. Or someday building plazas and generating new scripts for a software.
One’s getting wacky if he should pass through a day without even creating something no matter how plain it might seems. Something to calms his soul down.
People might assume it’s insignificant since how anyone can expect to have fun when it doesn’t pay you anything? People who likes to create usually not think about how to get money, more like how to be amused, with or with no costs.
One can even make three or four different achievements in just one day, as simple as drawing, or cooking, writing, or probably just reading a good chapter in a book. I guess it’s safe to say that they agree to be granted success, because they can gain happiness and satisfaction inside themselves. You can make money all day without feeling happy at all.
And thus, one need not a briefcase full of cash if just a simple stroke on a paper (or his sketching tablet) can already draw him a smile.
I’m Fansi and this is my personal blog. Currently living in Surabaya, Indonesia. I love life and the ideas of how simple it is to live fully and happily.
The views and opinions expressed on this pensieve/blog are solely my original creations. All contents are owned and licensed by me. Unauthorized use is prohibited.
The First Tee provides quality youth golf programs that include adult mentors and safe places for young people. Through independent research, 73% of young people at our chapters report high confidence in their ability to do well academically and 82% feel confident in their social skills with peers.
The First Tee programs provide life skills education and expose young people to core values. Our character education helps young people prepare for success in high school, college and life. With one in five students dropping out of public high schools, the need for quality youth programs is critical. The First Tee golf program can be part of the solution to challenges facing today’s youth. The First Tee reaches young people ages 5-18 through golf instruction and life skills lessons administered at chapters, military installations, and to students in elementary schools.
How loud will you moan? This is my outlet for sexual frustration. Real lesbians tumblr. The merging of our spirits as one. Passionate sex gifs tumblr. Otherwise, I always love to speak to my followers xx. I don't send pictures of myself. Big ass anal mobile. You know your needy pussy wants to get spunked. We shower together every morning to save water. You put your lips to my ear, heavy breathing, mouth open just enough to feel a bit of wetness from within. I crave the taste of your tongue. I want to constantly be pregnant for you. Powered by Tumblr and designed by Kcmr.
The physical touch of your skin against mine is heavenly, to be sure, but it is what happens to our spirits as they connect…that is what I find to be most gratifying. Passionate sex gifs tumblr. Fine nude pics. The empty spaces that are filled completely, some to overflowing. My messy cock is getting cum all over between your lips, the white cream on your tummy is dripping down to join more and more of my cum in getting into your pussy. I want you even though I already have you.
The first time, the first hundred times, I just want you. Erotic photos of woman. Occasionally, he fucks me slowly, keeping me wet and horny. I want you even though I already have you. Every evening he penetrates me and stays inside me while we watch tv. Passionate sex gifs tumblr. My belly and tits swollen just for you. You thought it was safe after I blew my load all over your tummy. You know your needy pussy wants to get spunked.
I want to know what turns you on. Xxx nude gif. Cum inside me and help me experience this beautiful process again and again. He just pulled my panties aside, and, unsheathing his thick erect cock from the fly of his jeans, speared me. The merging of our spirits as one. I don't send pictures of myself. Passionate sex gifs tumblr. The empty spaces that are filled completely, some to overflowing.
Left to your own devises, where will your hands wander, where will your lips? Otherwise, I always love to speak to my followers xx. My messy cock is getting cum all over between your lips, the white cream on your tummy is dripping down to join more and more of my cum in getting into your pussy.
The physical touch of your skin against mine is heavenly, to be sure, but it is what happens to our spirits as they connect…that is what I find to be most gratifying. The first time, the first hundred times, I just want you. It was so risky to let my cock anywhere near your pussy tonight.
Because I choose to be completely anonymous and sending pictures online can be dangerous. One hand with a fist full of my hair and the other grabbing all the parts of me your can reach. Passionate sex gifs tumblr. I want the taste of your lips, to feel the texture of your skin. You moan dirty nothings into my ear and you kiss my neck like it gives you life.
I garuntee you will be craving more and certainly will not be dissapointed. I will kneel and worship your manhood. Alterantively, if you are already a member, please log in. Make a Reservation Have sex with me? We understand that storing data in a secure manner is important.
Basic Membership is free and it only takes a minute to sign up. Non-personal information collected includes, without limitation, your Internet Protocol "IP" address, the pages you request, the type of computer operating system you use e.
Hover mouse over icons for description. Thanks for your comment! New York, New York. Join Date Apr Please note that if you post any of your personal information on the Site, such information may be collected and used by others over whom the Site has no control. Conservetor Terre Haute, IN.
Jean H. Chang, PhD Candidate in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, received her doctoral hood from Chancellor Cynthia Barnhart PhD ’88 and department head David E. Hardt PhD ’78 in Johnson Athletic Center Thursday afternoon.
Following a delay for severe weather, Lorde played a shortened fifty minute set on Saturday evening.
Childish Gambino closed out the Saturday lineup of the festival, also playing a shortened set due to the severe weather delay.
EECS undergraduates work in the new EECS Undergraduate Student Lounge on Tuesday. The lounge, located on the first floor of Building 36, opened at the beginning of October and includes rooms for individual study, networking, and conferences.
A large photo of Professor Silvio Micali appeared in the skylight of 32­-123 yesterday, the day of his last 6.006 lecture of the semester.
A hack appeared in Lobby 7 early Monday morning. Ribbons of black and orange planes spelled out “DTYD,” publicizing the annual party by the same name to be hosted by the Burton Third Bombers this upcoming Sunday.
Blending state-of-the-art animation with live action, Hop tells the comic tale of Fred, an out-of-work slacker who accidentally injures the Easter Bunny and must take ...
The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the ...
Doug Harris (Josh Gad) is a lovable but socially awkward groom-to-be with a problem: he has no best man. With less than two weeks to ...
After a dysfunctional group of unpublished writers with the motto "all for one" accept Hannah Rinaldi (Kaley Cuoco) into their fold, the last thing they ...
Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in Miami...and dump ...
Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper are both brilliant physicists working at Cal Tech in Pasadena, California. They are colleagues, best friends, and roommates, although in ...
Killer Movie tells the story of a reality television shoot that goes awry when its crew finds itself stranded in a remote Northern town. A ...
The film follows a group of teen misfits who are thrust into the spotlight when their bowling prowess lands them in the midst of a ...
The Hennessy clan -- mother Cate, daughters Bridget and Kerry, and son Rory -- look to one another for guidance and support after the death ...
A young man returns home to New Mexico after learning about the death of his best friend from high school. There he meets some lifelong ...
Three lifelong friends inhabiting a penthouse apartment find themselves at odds when one of them attempts to move in with his girlfriend and another's little ...
stylefruits.co.uk – Fashion & Outfits♥ Discover the latest fashion trends♥ Browse through stylish outfits created with our outfit planner♥ Do the Stylecheck and vote for your favourite looks♥ Find the trendiest fashion items♥ Get inspired!
Are you searching for a new dress, or perhaps inspiration for a special outfit? Start searching with the free stylefruits-App, and find dresses, tops, shoes, beauty products, accessories and more, and browse through thousands of outfits designed by the stylefruits community! You can browse for hours through our collected feed or shop our latest products directly!
Unsure which outfit or piece looks better? Try our Stylecheck feature and let the stylefruits users decide which looks best!
You can filter through trends, colours, brands and price-ranges to find the perfect dress, shoes – whatever it is you need. If you what you really want is a bargain, just use our sale filter to find all of the products that are currently discounted in our partner-shops! Save your favourite products for later in your bookmarks, or you can purchase right away from any of our partners. If the item you’re lusting after has sold out, we will help you find similar products and styles for even more shopping inspiration!
Like the stylefruits-App? Or maybe you have some recommendations for improvements? With your help, we can make the stylefruits-App even better: send us your comments, let us know about any bugs and make recommendations at feedback-app@stylefruits.de
2014 printable Father's Day quotes with photo of Father dancing with daughter - Dad, a son's first hero, a daughter's first love
Printable Father’s Day Quotes in 2014 with photo of dad teaching daughter riding bike- Dad's always got your back.
Words about father and daughter for Father's Day quotes in 2014 - To her the name of father was another name for love.
photo of Father's Day quotes with heart - A father hold his daughter's hand for a short while but he hold her heart forever. Thank you Dad.
photo of father kissing his daughter with Father's Day quotes for 2014 - "Father!" To God himself we cannot give a holier name.
picture of father and daughters with Father's Day quotes in 2014 - Anyone can be a father, it takes someone special to be a Daddy.
I suffer from really bad dark under eye circles which unfortunatly is a mixture of being hereditory and smoking (* note to self must stop!)
Can anyone recommend any creams that could help with this? I've heard great reviews about Benfit eyecon
No cream will help, as it is a problem of blood circulation. You should use the shiatsu method and very gently tap under your eyes as often as you can (morning and evening) to help reactivate your blood circulation there :-)
Glamour magazine (in the UK) had a little feature on a website that I thought you guys might think fun.
If you sign up you can upload a photo of yourself and try out different hair styles and colours. You can also try out different eye shadows and lip colours. Good for a giggle. Also this months magazine has a free (small travel size I would say) Benefit Bad Gal Lash mascara. Free is always a good price!
We restore concrete garages that will have suffered effect damage possibly by a car or simply a tree. Concrete garage panel substitute is restricted to spar/pebbledash properties of all models. We can also stock roofing panels and we source and suit alternative garage doors
Our Tale We have been making our track record for residence enhancements excellence a person consumer at a time for 50 yrs.
Sectional garage doors open vertically upwards, leaving the whole opening crystal clear and giving you more space inside and out of doors of your garage.
The door is very low upkeep and affordable, this dispenses with costly call outside of engineers and retains your Procedure Energetic. The DS Dynamic comes in Foods safe, Insulated and Conventional ranges and might work in temperatures of -25 – +70°c. With A selection of operators from a straightforward pull twine to induction loops, radar sensors or swipe playing cards we should be able to cater for the particular entry Manage.
Proper from the primary we felt in your own home Using the people guiding us by. They listened to what we wished and …
Where by a door or shutter is outside of economical restore, click here Bolton Gate Providers present you with a replacement door services. Choose between a swift, like-for-like substitute or another door upgrade in line with your creating enterprise demands.
Procedure may be built to fit the type and frequency of traffic as well with radar detection, magnetic induction loops, radio control, wall mounted thrust buttons and so on. The level of security is also extremely superior with base edge sensor and infra crimson beams for a minimal.
Due to new non-Speak to roll-up know-how there isn't a use about the door sections, which will help the roller door to help keep its distinctive visual appeal for years.
For division of interior areas and rooms in a building the superior velocity door is perfect and accessible in lots of colors with various sized eyesight sections.
As soon as you discover one thing is Completely wrong with your roller shutter or door, it’s normally gone past The easy Do it yourself fix.
Just about the most beneficial facets of a sectional overhead door is a chance to take the information rails between a horizontal placement by means of distinctive angles to straight up vertically that means with most commercial and industrial properties you can follow the roof line to maximise usage of the internal Area from the builiding.
In HVP you'll find a specialist security roller shutter supplier and installer with about twenty five decades of practical experience.
In conjunction with a garage roof restore we might also provide substitute doors and windows. We stock metal entry doors which act as appropriate replacements on many spar/pebbledash garages and we offer built-to-evaluate PVC pedestrian doors for all other garage sorts.
January February March April May June July August September October November December 123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028
Professors Kara & Weston discuss tall building projects from the summer advanced graduate design studio.
Trying out a new honey filter - Recently I was asked to try out a new honey filter developed by an Atlanta baker. He had heard beekeepers talking about problems with the filters they were...
10 Properties And Benefits Of Star Fruit For Health And Beauty - The benefits of Carambola Fruit - Fruit starfruit is one type of fruit that have properties and benefits very much. Benefits can include star fruit in term...
Travelling to India - This is a fact of the order of India. And you would fail sorrowfully if you were all out to find out the Indian ethnicity. India is not a monolithic intell...
Headerp solutions pvt ltd friendly atmosphere - Headerp solutions pvt ltd recruit both as permanent and temporary staffs based on the candidates performance and they never disappoint any of their client...
4H Camp Presentation - Ruth and I were asked to make a presentation about beekeeping at the annual 4 H camp held at the River Road facility just west of Romney. Our group was t...
Rhythm Natives have released their new single, “Make Up Your Mind” from their self-titled debut album Rhythm Natives, released in 2010, free for download on rhythmnatives.bandcamp.com! I love the latin feel to this song, and can definitely relate to the message. Download it, listen to it, tell a friend, reblog it, tweet it! Hit me up and let me know if you’re feelin’ it!