You’re prepared to get a house. What now? myLennar is exactly where you will find all the info you should regulate the personal process of purchasing, obtaining, proudly owning and experiencing your Lennar residence.
Come across your dream household in Denver utilizing the resources above. Use filters to slim your search by selling price, square feet, beds, and baths to find homes that match your conditions. Our top rated-rated property brokers in Denver are area professionals and therefore are Completely ready to answer your questions about Houses, neighborhoods, universities, and the newest listings available in Denver.
The 2nd Bed room contains a custom made murphy mattress with tailor made shoji screens to add privateness, and can be utilised like a downstairs den or media place.
These Attributes are owned by a financial institution or a lender who took ownership by foreclosure proceedings. They could soon be shown for sale. These Qualities aren't observed on a several listing provider (MLS).
An electronic mail has long been despatched to your account with password reset url. Please Stick to the instruction to update your password.
In regards to the scores: GreatSchools scores are according to a comparison More about the author of check results for all educational institutions inside the condition. It really is designed to be a place to begin to assist moms and dads make baseline comparisons, not the one Consider picking out the right school for All your family members. Find out more
Exploration Denver property industry trends and uncover homes for sale. Seek for new homes, open residences, a short while ago marketed homes and lowered cost housing in Denver.
Lennar could be the top builder of high-quality new homes in probably the most attractive real-estate markets over the country. Our household ideas demonstrate our motivation to our clients by showcasing remarkable new residence building like this plus a commitment to excellence in homebuilding. Each individual new residence available for purchase gives the simplicity of involved choices highlighted within our product homes and stock homes.
Also, particular fees usually are not reflected With this calculation, such as any fuel surcharge That could be relevant at enough time of the shift and valuation expenditures.
Sitting on around two non-public acres over a serene cul de sac in Cherry Hills Village, this advanced residence features lovely Wooden flooring, beamed cathedral ceilings, amazing William Ohs kitchen area, and magnificent excellent space with flooring to ceiling Home windows overlooking the again of the assets and mountain sights.
Stapleton / Lowry / Northfield Discover an idyllic suburban neighborhood wherever trails hook up the parks and residential spots to village-like buying places.
A new report reveals a British scientist and Wikipedia administrator rewrote climate history, editing more than 5,000 unique articles in the online encyclopedia to cover traces of a medieval warming period – something Climategate scientists saw as a major roadblock in the effort to spread the global warming message.
Recently hacked e-mails from the University of East Anglia's Climate Research Unit expose a plot to eliminate the Medieval Warm Period, a 400-year era that began around A.D. 1000, the Financial Post's Lawrence Solomon reports.
The warming period is said to have improved agriculture and increased life spans, but scientists at the center of the Climategate e-mail scandal believed the era undermined their goal of spreading concern about global warming as it pertains to today's climate.
A 1995 e-mail predating the recent Climate Research Unit scandal was sent to geophysicist David Deming. A major climate-change researcher told Deming, "We have to get rid of the Medieval Warm Period."
Get "Global Warming or Global Governance? What the media refuse to tell you about so-called climate change" at the WND Superstore.
One chief practitioner identified as Keith Briffa, said in a Sept. 22, 1999, e-mail, "I know there is pressure to present a nice tidy story as regards 'apparent unprecedented warming in a thousand years or more in the proxy data' but in reality the situation is not quite so simple. … I believe that the recent warmth was probably matched about 1,000 years ago."
Briffa and other scientists, with the help of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, published a well-known symbol of their movement: the hockey stick chart, an illustration reproduced in textbooks, media reports and the pages of the 2001 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, or IPCC, report.
Hockey-stick chart (omitting Medieval Warm Period) as it appeared in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 2001 report
However, the graph showed stable temperatures over the last 1,000 years and omitted any indication of the warming period.
"But the U.N.'s official verdict that the Medieval Warm Period had not existed did not erase the countless schoolbooks, encyclopedias, and other scholarly sources that claimed it had," Solomon wrote. "Rewriting those would take decades, time that the band members didn't have if they were to save the globe from warming."
Instead, the group created a website called RealClimate.org. One e-mail addressed criticism of the hockey stick graph and any suggestions that today's temperatures were not the hottest on record.
"The idea is that we working climate scientists should have a place where we can mount a rapid response to supposedly 'bombshell' papers that are doing the rounds" in aid of "combating dis-information," a Dec. 10, 2004, e-mail to the Climate Research Unit from Gavin Schmidt explained.
Solomon revealed that Connolley, one man in the nine-member team who is a U.K. scientist, a software engineer and Green Party activist, took control of Wikipedia's entries to see that any trace of the true climate history would be erased.
Beginning in February 2003, Connolley rewrote Wikipedia entries on global warming, the greenhouse effect, the instrumental temperature record, the urban heat island, on climate models and on global cooling, according to the report. In February, he began editing the Little Ice Age. By August, he began to rewrite history without the Medieval Warm Period. In October, he turned to the hockey-stick chart.
"He rewrote articles on the politics of global warming and on the scientists who were skeptical of the band," Solomon explains. "Richard Lindzen and Fred Singer, two of the world's most distinguished climate scientists, were among his early targets, followed by others that the band especially hated, such as Willie Soon and Sallie Baliunas of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, authorities on the Medieval Warm Period."
Through his role as a Wikipedia administrator, Connolley is said to have created or rewritten 5,428 unique Wikipedia entries.
"When Connolley didn't like the subject of a certain article, he removed it – more than 500 articles of various descriptions disappeared at his hand," Solomon wrote. "When he disapproved of the arguments that others were making, he often had them barred – over 2,000 Wikipedia contributors who ran afoul of him found themselves blocked from making further contributions."
Meanwhile, followers who adhered to Connolley's climate views "were rewarded with Wikipedia's blessings," Solomon contends.
Through his control of the Wikipedia pages, Connolley is said to have "turned Wikipedia into the missionary wing of the global warming movement."
Facts about the Medieval Warm Period and criticism of global warming doctrine were purportedly scrubbed from Wikipedia's pages.
"With the release of the Climategate e-mails, the disappearing trick has been exposed," Solomon declared. "The glorious Medieval Warm Period will remain in the history books, perhaps with an asterisk to describe how a band of zealots once tried to make it disappear."
A Wikipedia arbitration committee has stated in the past: "William M. Connolley has, on a number of occasions, misused his administrator tools by acting while involved."
A July 31, 2006, article in the New Yorker described Connolley as a "victim of an edit war over the entry on global warming, to which he had contributed."
"After a particularly nasty confrontation with a skeptic, who had repeatedly watered down language pertaining to the greenhouse effect, the case went into arbitration," the report states.
"User William M. Connolley strongly pushes his POV [point of view] with systematic removal of any POV which does not match his own," his accuser charged in a written deposition. "His views on climate science are singular and narrow."
Just today, Connolley has made edits in numerous Wikipedia entries, including articles titled, "Public opinion on climate change," "Climate," "Scientific opinion on climate change," "RealClimate," " Global cooling," "Climate change" and the biography of scientist William M. Gray, writing that Gray's "views on global warming are controversial.
The property of Bangalore city is thus looking much more positive for both the purchasers as well as the investor. In the prototype not many years the real-estate price remained relatively stable which thus made it moderately very lovely. According the Irfan Razack the chairman as well as the managing director of the Prestige Group/ in order to build brand in Bangalore city/ good infrastructure as well as good governance material a lot. This urban region living being known to be the hottest city in India is thus seen to be growing by leaps & bounds in each element. Proudly known to be alive the Silicon Valley of India/ it is thus considered to be the prime I.T. hub as well as the property enormous. Thus from first to last the increase in the attainment in this city/ both the commercial as well as the housing segment are thus seen to be prospering at much fastest rate. Moreover / row houses / apartments / villas / bungalows as well as the penthouses are thus known to be good options for investment.
The property market of Bangalore city is thus known to experience in the benchmark not many years. This urban region has thus bothered the attentiveness of the NRIs who has successfully considered this city to be the best place to invest on the property. Inspire of the mounting population this metropolis is known to be very attractive place in terms of reside in. On the complete / prestige sunrise park bangaloreis acknowledged to be the most lucrative venture where investing on it can successively return huge profit in the close to future. The real-estate advertises of Bangalore metropolis is thus known to experience in the touchstone hardly any years. This urban region has thus bothered the awareness of the NRIs who has successfully considered this city to be the best place to invest on the property. Inspire of the mounting populace this city is known to be very attractive place in stipulations of dwell in. On the complete / Prestige Sunrise Park is recognized to be the most lucrative venture where investing on it can successively return huge profit in the near future.
State of art infrastructure/ locality as well as the facilities is some of the good reasons for the huge success of the Bangalore metropolis property. Few hot area in Bangalore city that seem to gain major importance for the successful launch of the venture are Koramangala/ Whitefield/ HSR layout/ BTM layout/ MG Road/ malleshwaram / Ulsoor/ Indira Nagar etc. These entire regions are accredited to become the most wanted destinations for the investors as well as developers. The accomplishment of the property in this metropolitan area is acknowledged to be a symbol of the shareholder gladness. Thus have possession of a real-estate today in Bangalore metropolis can thus yield good returns in the opportunity. This city is recognized to be packed out through wide number of the high-end project like IVY Terraces / Skylark Ithaca / Blossom & lots supplementary Out of each and every one these Prestige Sunrise Park is known to be the most aspiring project which is being commenced by the eye-catching builders/ the prestige group. This venture seems to be the good picture of the luxury as well as the peaceful ambiance. In order to put up convinced so as to your family remain entirely enchanted all the time/ this project is known to be perfect sufficient & is thus elite adequate thus given that the most select space for your lavish livelihood.
This city is recognized to be packed out through wide number of the high-end project like IVY Terraces / Skylark Ithaca / Blossom & lots supplementary Out of each and every one these Prestige Sunrise Park is known to be the most aspiring project which is being commenced by the eye-catching builders/ the prestige group. This venture seems to be the good picture of the luxury as well as the peaceful ambiance. In order to put up convinced so as to your family remain entirely enchanted all the time/ this project is known to be perfect sufficient & is thus elite adequate thus given that the most select space for your lavish livelihood.
Where Can You Find Proper Storage Baskets? Reviewed by Gabriel Fulton on Sep 20Rating: If you are currently searching for some charming, useful home accessories such as Storage Baskets or.. Read more
Give your Outdoor Décor a Natural Feel with Wooden DoorsReviewed by Paulmalot on Jul 20Rating: When it comes to aesthetics, there are not many things that make for great home.. Read more
Proudly powered by WordPress 4.6.12 | Article Directory - Free Article Submission Sites - Article Directories Dofollow
Raiders look to rap up problem of gang silver/black affiliation By Bob Keisser | Bob Keisser,Knight-Ridder
Deflected into first place, Sockers grateful for nudge from Storm MSL notebook By Sandra McKee | Sandra McKee,Evening Sun Staff
English, Eackles spur Bullets to guarded victory Cavs lose, 108-104, as pair score 51 By Alan Goldstein
From air crash of 30 years ago, comes spirit that still carries U.S. skating today By Ann Killion | Ann Killion,Knight-Ridder
Lowe in tune as Meade looks to track third title By Dave Glassman | Dave Glassman,Special to The Evening Sun
Bilingual Point guard isn't foreign to English, but scoring is in his vocabulary, too By Sandra McKee | Sandra McKee,Evening Sun Staff
Chinapoo deal halted by old Sidekick who wants to see pal stay By Sandra McKee | Sandra McKee,Evening Sun Staff
When we think of war casualties, we usually think of the... By Sara Engram | Sara Engram,Universal Press Syndicate
Twynham warms the cathedral with his own recital By Ernest F. Imhoff | Ernest F. Imhoff,Evening Sun Staff
Bush tells Kuwait help is on the way Forays at front further indication ground war is near By Lyle Denniston | Lyle Denniston,Washington Bureau of The Sun Sun staff correspondent Robert Ruby contributed to this article from Saudi Arabia
Young lobbyists are urging legislators to support school recycling By From the Evening Sun's legislative bureau
Donors doing their thing Over $9.000 for congressman since election By John Fairhall | John Fairhall,Evening Sun Staff
Straggling refugees report electricity, water virtually gone in Iraq, Kuwait WAR IN THE GULF By New York Times News Service
Attempt to lower Medicaid's drug bill backfires, may drive up health costs By New York Times News Service
Make-believe becomes reality in Columbia More than 300 costumers at 'show and tell' session. By Melody Simmons | Melody Simmons,Evening Sun Staff
Area recession creates space at landfills Businesses, builders dumping less trash, which could extend the life of county facilities. By Norris P. West | Norris P. West,Evening Sun Staff
Baltimore CityCAB HOLDUP: Western District -- Police today... By reporter Richard Irwin from police records in the Baltimore area yesterday and today
Baltimore man charged in beating is due bail review hearing tomorrow Mechanic being held in near fatal attack on Jessup woman By Richard Irwin | Richard Irwin,Evening Sun Staff
Head Start runs into obstacles Howard Head Start official finds effort to expand difficult. By Norris P. West | Norris P. West,Evening Sun Staff
Maryland, the final home of the brave Veterans burial program is the nation's busiest. By Jon Morgan | Jon Morgan,Evening Sun Staff
A neighborhood is uneasy after slaying of boy, 7 They fear for safety of their children, parents say By Alisa Samuels | Alisa Samuels,Evening Sun Staff
New tactic used on Iraqi tanks Technique could allow a delay in the ground war. PERSIAN GULF SHOWDOWN By New York Times
Nations join in fingering, ousting Iraq's 'bad guys' Saddam's efforts at terror are largely thwarted. DESERT STORM By Los Angeles Times
Mikulski, potential foes begin planning Mikulski campaign has intensified its fund-raising. By John Fairhall | John Fairhall,Evening Sun Staff
Scientist Snow agrees to study remains of 3 Expert to help plan a look into the past in St. Mary's City. By Frank D. Roylance | Frank D. Roylance,Evening Sun Staff
U.S Postal officials take action to stop chain letter scam Scheme promises payoff of $50,000 in 90 days By Joel McCord
More companies are turning to personality assessment to minimize ordeal of hiring someone who doesn't work out By Ellen James Martin
Realtors step up advertising to promote stable market By Michelle Singletary | Michelle Singletary,Evening Sun Staff
* Manchester: Firefighters from Manchester investigated the report of a fire alarm sounding in a building on York Street at 4:02 p.m. Monday.
Pranks: Joey Skaggs ranks high among an elite band of jokers who orchestrate elaborate schemes to fool the media and the world.
That would be one Joey Skaggs, New York painter, sculptor and satirist. For 30 years he has been duping the media. He sees it as effective social commentary.
* Hippie tour, 1968: After tourists started cruising the East Village to gawk at hippies, Skaggs put 60 hippies in a bus for a tour of suburban Queens. His "passengers" snapped photos of folks mowing lawns and washing cars. Dozens of journalists, including a crew from the "Today" show, followed along, clueless.
* Celebrity sperm bank, 1976: An auction of "certified and authenticated rock star sperm" triggered coverage by national TV, radio and Ms. magazine -- not to mention calls from hundreds of eager women.
* Fish condos, 1983: As a commentary on the gentrification of affordable New York neighborhoods, Skaggs created "aquariums for upwardly mobile guppies" with intricate rooms and tiny furniture. What started out as a hoax covered by Life magazine, "Good Morning America" and CBS News morphed into reality: Real fish condos became available in 1996 for $5,000 in the Neiman Marcus holiday catalog.
* Dog meat soup, 1994: Skaggs sent 1,500 letters signed by a Korean name to animal shelters throughout America soliciting all dogs for 10 cents a pound. When reporters called a contact number, they heard an answering machine message in broken English with dogs yelping in the background. The hoax was covered extensively by the media and denounced by animal rights protesters. (Interesting aside: A May 24, 1994, story by a Kansas City Star reporter began with the phrase "Although it might be a hoax ... ")
* Stop BioPEEP, 1997: Skaggs' most complex hoax to date. BioPEEP (Biological Protocol for Enhanced Economic Production) is the fake code name of an international conspiracy to genetically alter and addict humans who eat certain products. Skaggs worked with dozens of actors and actual scientists around the world, launched a Web site -- it's still at http: //www.stopbiopeep.com/ -- held press conferences and prompted protests as far away as Australia.
There's just a handful of these pro pranksters, and every so often one is outed. Just last week HBO changed the identification of a subject on its "Men Exposed" special from "Bruce, 57, musician" to "Bruce, 57, impostor" after producers learned that "Bruce" actually was Alan Abel. The same Abel famous for once fooling the New York Times into running his own obituary.
Talking to Skaggs is unnerving. Was it really Skaggs, as he claimed, speaking from the New York office of Skaggs Inc.? After all, in 1988 he gave an on-camera interview to "Entertainment Tonight," then telephoned producers to say that wasn't really him on TV at that moment but a buddy of his. Skaggs was 2,000 miles away laughing his head off.
Skaggs said he started out 33 years ago "as a much younger and angrier artist." He longed to make strong statements for civil rights, against the Vietnam War but found creative limitations in his artwork. When he marched in public protests he'd get arrested or beaten up.
"I realized there had to be a better way and that was humor, satire," Skaggs said. "Make 'em think and laugh."
First, Skaggs comes up with a concept, what it is he wants to speak out about, how to pull off the hoax. This early planning is similar to making a movie: "At that point I'm handling production problems, budgeting, time restrictions, actors and props," Skaggs said.
Phase 2: Performing the hoax. "In the process I document the phenomenon of miscommunication. I track where it goes, who does what with it. I collect recordings of interviews, newspaper clippings, TV spots. Then I have archival documentation of what the media did and how the public reacted."
In addition to social commentary, his hoaxes are "media literacy lessons," he said. One example was the "Fat Squad" in 1986.
In that prank Skaggs played Joe Bones, a former Marine Corps drill sergeant determined to wipe out obesity. For "$300 a day plus expenses," Bones told host David Hartman on "Good Morning America," commandos would stand guard near a dieter, keeping the client from breaking his or her diet. A commando would even keep watch in the client's bedroom all night.
Several newspapers with lofty national reputations latched on to the story. Wire services hoisted it worldwide, sparking coverage in Japan, Australia, England, Italy, Germany and France.
Taneytown has decided to look into the costs of fluoridating its water supply after a recent visit from a delegation of Carroll County and state officials and a handful of dentists praising its health benefits.
Perhaps more persuasive than health benefits was information about federal and state grants -- available on a first-come, first-served basis -- that can help pay for engineering and startup costs.
"Fluoridating the water supply is a major public health initiative," said Lois Bankert, the oral health care program coordinator for the Carroll County Health Department, who led a presentation to the Town Council during a work session last week.
Fluoride reduces cavities by 60 percent in children and 35 percent in adults, and it strengthens bones, Bankert told council members. It is most effective in water, rather than in toothpaste or a rinse, and it costs less for consumers when delivered through the water supply.
"All of the non-fluoridated water supplies will be considered, but Taneytown is the largest" in Carroll, serving about 5,500 people, Bankert said.
"We only have a certain amount of money to spend," said Dr. Elizabeth Ruff, the county's deputy health officer. "Obviously, we want to use it to get the most bang for our buck."
Fluoride is added to the water supply in the Freedom, Mount Airy, Wakefield Valley and Westminster systems, but is not in Hampstead, Manchester, Taneytown, Union Bridge, New Windsor, Bark Hill or Pleasant Valley, health officials said.
Officials' concerns centered around costs. Taneytown's Town Council decided Monday to direct its staff look into the matter, said Mayor W. Robert Flickinger.
"We decided to go along with the county and find out how much it's going to cost us," Flickinger said. "I have no idea what it's going to take. ... We'll wait and see."
Flickinger recalled that the subject of fluoridating the water supply was raised about 15 years ago -- but it met with intense resistance from a town manager.
Bankert said that is why she wanted the Town Council "to feel comfortable, to ask questions and have people there to answer them."
James P. Peck, research director of the Maryland Municipal League, has kept a file on fluoridation for decades and said that proof of its ability to prevent cavities is "overwhelming." This effect was first noted because fluoride occurs naturally in some water sources, he said.
Of the league's 157 municipalities, including Baltimore, Peck said, "the vast majority of populations on public water systems in the state have it."
But, he said, "back in the 1950s it was thought to be a Communist plot, and there is still some of that sentiment. There's still a pure-water league that fights these things."
That was Westminster's experience, said Thomas B. Beyard, director of planning and public works for Carroll's largest incorporated municipality, which serves about 30,000 people.
Mayor Bret D. Grossnickle said he has been contacted about fluoridating the water supply, but "I think it should be on the ballot."
A resident who did not identify herself told the mayor and council members during the work session that she was shocked to learn the water was not fluoridated when she moved to Taneytown in November. She said her three children take fluoride drops, which cost $21 a month.
Dr. Harry Goodman, an assistant professor and director of the fellowship program at the University of Maryland Dental School, attended the work session with several area dentists and said, "91 percent of people who live in public water systems receive fluoridation -- and we think it's the right thing to do."
"Community water fluoridation is our No. 1 priority," said Ilise Marrazzo, acting director of the state Department of Health and Mental Hygiene's office of oral health.
Marrazzo told Taneytown council members that there are two funding sources: a planning grant for the cost of an engineer to assess a water system, and one for equipment and the first year's fluoride.
AMERICA'S PUBLIC Enemy No. 1 is now the French fry. The food police place fast food at the top of the "Most Wanted" list while charging that the nation's high-fat diet makes 64 percent of Americans overweight.
Most teens wipe the mayo off their mouths to insist that obesity, like taxes, only happens to the old. Wrong. One in six children is overweight, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say obesity among adolescents has tripled since 1980.
Much-maligned teens are not the only ones battling the bulge. Toddlers, too, have been branded couch potatoes, earning their spot on the national sofa of shame for too little exercise. Anyone who supervises a 3-year-old may find it unbelievable that such tiny tornadoes get just 20 minutes of physical activity a day. But the British medical journal Lancet claims the average toddler today eats one-fourth less than a toddler did 25 years ago yet does not exercise for the recommended hour.
The nation is attacking the problem of fat in true American fashion: overreacting and obsessing over the dangers, blaming it on television and devising a solution so unrealistic that it is doomed to fail.
Remember the poor carbohydrate? Nutritionists suggested reducing consumption, and instantly carb was vilified as a four-letter word. Restaurants now compete over which has the least carbs on its menus. How long can this nation survive on crustless pizza and sandwich fillings wrapped in lettuce before a chastised loaf of bread sneaks back onto shelves?
In the spirit of belt-tightening, the American Academy of Pediatrics urges schools to ban all soda and candy. There are rumors that steamed vegetables will replace pepperoni pizza. Flocks of deboned, deskinned chicken will flock to grills where hamburgers no longer sizzle. Lockers may be raided for contraband cans of Mountain Dew. Adults find it impossible to keep illegal substances such as alcohol, tobacco and pot out of teens' hands. Now they want to pry a Three Musketeers bar from children's fingers, too.
Sadly, adults are ignoring the double standard. Parents guzzling their double lattes can hardly demand their teens drink skim milk. Foolishly, adults hand out celery sticks while munching on bagels with a smear. Mothers who complain when they cannot find a close parking spot do not have a chubby leg to stand on when students wolf down a pizza after finishing a varsity game.
Health groups have long blamed the tube for keeping children from physical exercise, but turning off Survivor is not going to make kids jog with their own tribe. Without TV, a child who does not feel like playing outside will talk on the phone, read a magazine, play on a computer, or, in the extreme, do homework. Likewise, a kid who wants to get in a football game will foil every distraction parents invent.
Television also gets the blame for commercials that make junk food appealing to kids. The American Psychological Association is actually calling for a restriction on food ads aimed at children under age 9. Apparently, young children can view a blood-spattered murder or watch Ross seduce Rachel but should not witness a hamburger dripping with ketchup.
Teens don't eat fattening foods because of a catchy television jingle. They eat foods that taste good. Anyone who walks by a doughnut shop when the honey glaze is warm or a barbecue as the ribs hit the grill knows those aromas are the enemy in the battle against obesity. Unfortunately, self-control is the only weapon to fight it.
Let's apply some of that American ingenuity that put a rover on Mars to see if there really is life at the salad bar. But before teens join the line for leafy greens, adults must be realistic. If Prohibition didn't work for alcohol, prohibiting children from eating a Big Mac won't succeed, either. To prevent children from facing future health problems such as diabetes, heart disease and high blood pressure, nutritionists must make healthy foods that smell and taste better.
It may not be easy, but surely a nation that can invent the deep-fried Twinkie is up to the challenge.
The United Soccer Leagues has announced that Blast owner Ed Hale will be one of three inaugural inductees into the Major Indoor Soccer League Hall of Fame this year. Hale has been instrumental in keeping indoor soccer in Baltimore and in keeping the entire league afloat. He and the rest of the Hall of Fame's Class of 2011 will be inducted at a banquet on Dec. 16 at the Hilton Clearwater Beach. Honorees were chosen through a vote of current Hall of Fame members and USL teams.
Hale first owned the club from 1989 to 1992. Since he repurchased the team in 1998, the Blast has become a league power, winning its first championship in almost two decades in 2003, and additional championships in 2004, 2006, 2008 and 2009.
Longtime Milwaukee Wave coach Keith Tozer and former Dallas Sidekicks and Wichita Wings player Tatu will also be inducted into the MISL Hall of Fame. "I am humbled to be included as an inductee in the Hall of Fame with Keith and Tatu who are legendary in our sport," Hale said. "I am also pleased that we have joined the United Soccer Leagues … to build our sport in North America."
Independent hearing officers rule that there's no evidence that cheating occurred and criticize state's investigation
Citing "crude" and "incompetent" investigations into test-tampering allegations at a Baltimore elementary school, hearing officers have recommended the reinstatement of two administrators city schools CEO Andrés Alonso attempted to dismiss amid suspicions of cheating.
The findings, outlined in documents obtained by The Baltimore Sun, clear Abbottston Elementary School Principal Angela Faltz and Assistant Principal Marcy Isaac, who had been held personally responsible for suspected cheating at the school on the Maryland School Assessments in the 2008-2009 school year.
The two hearing officers, attorneys hired by the school system to review facts and render independent opinions on personnel cases, concluded that Alonso had not met the burden of proof in dismissing the principals and that there was not enough reliable evidence to confirm that cheating at Abbottston had even taken place.
"It is unfortunate that Dr. Alonso rushed to judgment and humiliated dedicated employees before giving those employees an opportunity to confront the evidence and respond to the charges against them," said Jimmy Gittings, president of the city's principals union, which helped the administrators fight the allegations. "It is unfortunate that, even after learning that the analysis of his central witnesses was invalid, Dr. Alonso refused to correct the injustice."
Alonso had dismissed the administrators, who both have more than two decades of service in the city, after the Northeast Baltimore school's drastic score declines in 2010. The school's math scores dropped by about 30 percent; reading scores fell 37 percent. The previous year, the school had achieved 100 percent proficiency.
Alonso said last year that an investigation — primarily an analysis of erasures on the tests that was conducted by the Maryland State Department of Education — confirmed that cheating had taken place at the school.
"We do not comment on pending personnel actions," Alonso said in a statement Thursday. "We are committed to thorough and rigorous investigations of testing irregularities, and to maintaining the highest standards of integrity around testing in our schools, no matter how much and how long it takes us to establish those standards. Period. Our students, our principals and our teachers deserve no less."
If upheld by the city school board, the reinstatements could undermine a key part of Alonso's approach to accountability in the system. He has warned that principals at schools suspected of cheating are responsible for any improprieties taking place in their schools.
In 2010, Alonso revoked the professional license of one principal, Susan Burgess, who was held responsible for confirmed cheating at George Washington Elementary under her tenure. In an interview with The Sun at the time, Burgess denied any wrongdoing but did not fight the revocation. A state investigation found thousands of erasure marks in test booklets.
The city school board will hear oral arguments about Faltz and Isaac from the union's attorneys in June and then decide whether to reject or accept the hearing officers' opinions.
Currently, the city school system is investigating 16 more cases of suspected testing improprieties.
After the school system determined last year that cheating had taken place at Abbottston, Alonso lodged charges, under state education law, against the principals of willful neglect of duties, insubordination and misconduct, documents show.
According to the statement of charges, the system alleged that Faltz, in her capacity as principal, failed to ensure that the tests were administered properly and that security regulations were followed, and that she allowed inaccurate test scores to be reported to the state.
The system primarily relied on evidence from pre-tests, called "benchmarks," an analysis of students' performance over years and against the rest of the district, and erasure analysis to prove that the gains and drops were improbable without testing improprieties.
"This case centers on two words, accountability and integrity," the school system wrote in its closing arguments for the hearing, asserting that the tests were compromised.
The system concluded that both administrators "should be held accountable for [their] actions which were either deliberate or so woefully inept that they were reckless."
For nearly one year, the Public School Administrators and Supervisors Association union has fought the charges. Attorneys who represented the principals union declined to comment on the case. Through attorneys, the principals also declined to comment.
Members of the Sipesville Volunteer Fire Company are organizing a class to help residents better understand the importance of having fire extinguishers in their homes. Details in Wednesday's Daily American.
John R. "Jack" Fullerton, 89, passed away peacefully with his family at his side on September 16 in Paso Robles, California.
Jack was born November 30, 1923 in Los Angeles, California and grew up in the Los Angeles / Glendale area. As a young man Jack was a talented artist, athlete, camping enthusiast, and an active participant in school activities while attending Glendale High School and Glendale College.
During World War II Jack served in the U.S. Navy from 1943 to 1945 as the Communications Officer aboard the destroyer USS Knapp which saw action in the Pacific. He was present in Tokyo Bay at the signing of the Japanese Instrument of Surrender which concluded the war. After he was discharged from the Navy, he attended UCLA where he earned a bachelor’s degree in accounting.
In 1949 Jack joined his family’s business, Fullerton Sales Company, a wholesale distributor of engineering and art supplies. He remained with the company for 42 years and, as president, helped build it into the largest distributor of art materials in the western United States.
Jack had a special fondness for California’s Sierra Nevada mountains, especially Yosemite National Park which hosted many significant events in Jack’s life. As a boy Jack spent whole summers there and as an adult he worked there as a soda jerk, honeymooned there, vacationed there with his family and at the age of 53 spent a week backpacking on the John Muir Trail.
After his retirement, Jack relocated to Ojai, California with his wife where he pursued his interests in gardening, carpentry, map collecting, traveling, and doing volunteer work for various local organizations including the Ojai sheriff’s dept. where he volunteered for 18 years.
He is survived by his wife Jody of 63 years, five children (Jessica, Susan, John, Ridgely, and Peter), one grandchild (Will), and one brother, Richard "Dick" Fullerton of Newark, CA.
OAKLAND — Cal Ripken Jr. and Eddie Murray may own Baltimore, but they may be sharing it with Fred Lynn before long.
In less than two months with the Orioles, Lynn, who spent the last four seasons with the Angels, has become a favorite of the Baltimore fans.
When Lynn became a free agent after last season and signed a five-year, $6.8-million contract with Baltimore, his intentions were to shore up the Orioles' outfield, knock in a few runs and provide the team with a solid bat behind Ripken and Murray, the No. 3 and 4 hitters in the lineup, respectively.
But when you win games with home runs in the bottom of the ninth inning, and when you leap over outfield walls to rob opponents of home runs, and when you make spectacular, diving catches, you tend to get noticed.
In three consecutive games this month, Lynn hit home runs in the last of the ninth, and two of those blasts brought the Orioles victories.
The next day, Baltimore was trailing Minnesota, 2-1, in the ninth when Ripken and Murray each singled off Davis. Twin Manager Billy Gardner brought in left-hander Pete Filson to pitch to Lynn, who responded with a three-run, opposite-field homer that gave Baltimore a 4-2 win.
Lynn also hit a three-run homer in the bottom of the ninth against the Twins on May 12, but that only prevented a shutout. The Orioles lost, 7-3.
Still, the fans in Baltimore's Memorial Stadium were chanting, "Fred-die! Fred-die!" and wouldn't stop until Lynn came out of the dugout for a curtain call.
Lynn didn't make much of the attention, saying that the fans were already used to cheering, "Ed-die! Ed-die!"
But then came the game against Kansas City May 14, the Orioles' last home appearance before leaving on a 12-game trip that will bring them to Anaheim Stadium tonight.
In the fourth inning, Lynn went over the center-field fence to pull what appeared to be a home run by Onix Concepcion back into the park for an out. An inning later, he made a diving catch of George Brett's line drive to shallow center.
The crowd gave Lynn a standing ovation, but the former El Monte High School star again downplayed the adulation.
"These guys, Cal and Eddie, they are the Orioles," Lynn said Wednesday at the Oakland Coliseum, where Baltimore was playing the A's. "I'm just a helper. These guys can have the attention and all that stuff. I'll just go out and play my game. Winning is all I care about."
It's what the Orioles have been doing a lot of these days, and Lynn has contributed by batting .292 with 7 home runs and 21 RBIs.
And, surprising as it may be to some, he's played in every game. Lynn has been on the bench for just two innings this season, when Manager Joe Altobelli pulled him from a game the Orioles were winning.
Lynn's four years with the Angels were marred by the players' strike and two knee operations, a cracked rib, and groin and wrist injuries. He played in an average of 132 games during his last three seasons, but some questioned his desire to play in pain.
"He doesn't worry about getting hurt, like all the raps I heard before he got here," said Oriole second baseman Rich Dauer, Lynn's former USC teammate. "They said he didn't play in pain and he didn't like getting hurt, but he goes after everything in center field, and I've already seen him play in pain."
"My type of injuries have come from aggressive play," he said. "Diving and running into walls has pretty much done me in as far as knees, ribs and broken bones. No one here has questioned my desire. When I can play every day, I can show people what I can do, but it's hard to do that on the bench."
"I haven't really hit any bad spots this year, and that comes from playing every day. I did that all of my career except the last few years, when I was doing that in-and-out stuff. It just wasn't working for me or the team.
"Sitting affects your confidence, and when you do get in the lineup, you're a little rusty. If you take a few days off, it's tough to maintain any continuity in your swing."
Lynn won't have to worry about sitting this year. Altobelli plans to play him every day, as long as he's healthy, and against left-handers, which Lynn said he prefers.
"It was hard to hit lefties last year because I didn't see many of them," he said. "But when I'm hitting well, I'd rather face a left-hander because they throw you strikes. Most of the time, I'll get a ball I can hit, whereas right-handers will try to pitch around you."
Dauer believes that Lynn is playing his best baseball since 1975, when he hit .331 with 21 homers and 105 RBIs for Boston and was named the American League's rookie of the year and most valuable player.
He also played center field with both grace and excitement, and his swing seemed smooth and effortless. One writer called him a Picasso at the plate.
He had another great season in 1979, leading the league with a .333 average, hitting 39 home runs and driving in 122.
But although his numbers in Anaheim were respectable--he averaged 22 homers and 80 RBIs for four years--Lynn never had a Boston-type year with the Angels. Everyone in California, himself included, expected him to have that great year, and that may be why so many fans were disappointed.
"There's none," he said. "Baltimore is like a small big town. It's like San Diego. Anaheim and the L.A. area has so much more media that I could never get away like I can in Baltimore, where I can go fishing.
"Living in California, I had no way to get away from baseball to relax mentally. But I feel very relaxed here."
Need a respite from holiday shopping or from life in general? Then treat yourself to a jazz brunch featuring blues singer Sweet Baby J'ai and her backing trio of pianist Nate Morgan, bassist Roberto Miranda and drummer Roy McCurdy.
The Shpieler Troupe's musical adventure, "Mac and the Bees," a Hanukkah celebration of the true meaning of the Festival of Lights, returns, featuring children's recording artist Cindy Paley, comedian Stan Taffel, musical stage veteran Andrea Massion and C. "Chutzpah" Craven.
Holiday dysfunction is the theme of "A Cracked Christmas," a benefit comedy show at the Wilshire-Ebell Theatre. Gillian Anderson is the honorary chair, and other participants in the third-annual event include "Drew Carey Show" cast members Carey, Kathy Kinney and Ryan Stiles. Teri Garr, Kathy Najimy, Olivia Newton John and Gina Gershon are also expected to participate. Proceeds from the show go to the Trevor Project, a program begun in 1998 aimed at promoting tolerance for gay and lesbian teenagers.
* "A Cracked Christmas," Wilshire-Ebell Theatre, 4401 W. 8th St., Los Angeles. 3 p.m. $50 to $100 per person. Call (818) 980-7336.
American mezzo-soprano Denyce Graves, who triumphed as Dalila in Saint-Saens' opera last season with Los Angeles Opera, makes her Royce Hall debut in recital, assisted by pianist Warren Jones. Her program lists music by Handel, Elgar, Chausson, Burleigh and Montsalvatge.
Opening a new season, the Los Angeles Jewish Symphony, conducted by Noreen Green, gives a Weill-Copland program noting the centenary of both composers. The Copland portion contains his "Vitebsk" Trio, Music for the Theater and selections from "American Songs." To celebrate Kurt Weill, Green will conduct excerpts from his epic opera, "The Eternal Road" (1937), a work practically forgotten until John Mauceri revived it in 1999 in Germany, Brooklyn and Tel Aviv.
High-speed chases and a serial killer plague the streets of San Francisco in two films at the New Beverly Cinema beginning Sunday. Steve McQueen burns rubber in the City by the Bay in the 1968 film "Bullitt," playing a police detective who senses not all is what it seems with his assignment to guard a witness. Clint Eastwood stars as "Dirty Harry," another rogue S.F. cop, in the character's 1971 debut film in which he pursues the psychotic Scorpio killer. Eastwood has reprised the role in "Magnum Force," "The Enforcer," "Sudden Impact" and "The Dead Pool."
* San Francisco police double feature, New Beverly Cinema, 7165 Beverly Blvd. Sunday: "Bullitt," 3:20 and 7:30 p.m.; "Dirty Harry," 5:30 and 9:40 p.m. Monday and Tuesday: "Bullitt," 7:30 p.m.; "Dirty Harry," 9:40 p.m. $3 to $6. (323) 938-4038.
Before three consecutive appearances for the Music Guild (Monday through Wednesday), the San Francisco-based Alexander String Quartet returns to play for the Fullerton Friends of Music at Sunny Hills High School, 1801 Warburton Way, Fullerton, at 3:30 p.m. (714) 529-7758.
Award-winning film composer Elmer Bernstein will talk about his collaborations with Charles and Ray Eames and introduce the film "Toccata for Toy Trains," which he scored, at 2 p.m. at the Eames Office Gallery and Store, 2665 Main St., Santa Monica. (310) 396-5991.
The flip side of enduring summer’s spate of grab-bag group exhibitions is getting to see work by new artists. “Acirema,” at Honor Fraser, provides a fine platform for eight talented artists of Latin American origin, several exhibiting in L.A. for the first time. The show is light on its feet, despite a ponderous rationale.
The title of the exhibition is “America” spelled backwards, which curator Cesar Garcia intends to signal an alternative to dominant modes of thinking. However, the selected works invoke a very familiar system of knowledge — that of global conceptual art. With artists hailing from Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Dominican Republic and Mexico, the show ends up reinforcing rather than puncturing the contours of that grab-bag place, Latin America.
That said, the exhibition does offer several compelling, if not particularly novel takes on landscape. Edgardo Aragón’s photographs of spiritual messages constructed out of twigs and embedded in rural scenes are both local and transcendent. Liliana Velez’s rectangles of diaphanous skin-colored silk are stitched with hair — an overused strategy to be sure — but crinkle nicely into maps of waterways, or perhaps varicose veins. And a 14-minute video by Marcellvs L. is best caught in midstream, as a wide shot of a rocky, snowbound landscape slowly reveals a pony silhouetted among its crags.
Works by Firelei Baez, Marina Camargo, Tomas Fernandez and Jose Antonio Vega Macotela round out the show, but most delightful is an enigmatic sculpture by Cesar Gonzalez. Arranged across a room-filling pedestal, Gonzalez’s quirky, somewhat skewed cardboard polyhedrons are titled “Space’s Background (Forms).” Reminiscent in some cases of Gabriel Orozco’s altered soccer balls, they feel more like models from a wayward physics experiment: What does, indeed, form the background of space? Whatever it is, perhaps some chunks might fall off, fold in on themselves, and pop out into the foreground.
WASHINGTON -- House Republicans approved a sweeping package of budget cuts to food stamps, Meals on Wheels and other domestic programs -- while sparing the Pentagon -- in an election-year showcase of party priorities.
Democrats overwhelmingly opposed the legislation, which is expected to stall in the Senate, but House Speaker John A. Boehner's decision to call a vote gives the GOP an opportunity to highlight its agenda and attack President Obama's efforts to reduce the deficit. The bill was approved on party lines, 218-199.
The legislation is "literally taking food out of the mouth of babies” while continuing tax breaks for the wealthy, said Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), the minority leader. The cuts would replace across-the-board reductions to both defense and non-security programs that had been agreed to as part of last summer's debt-ceiling deal with the White House.
Republicans countered they were tackling the nation's deficit problems while preventing steep military cuts that Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta has said would be devastating.
"Were hearing lots of comments about how this hurts people, how this hurts the poor,” said Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), the House Budget Committee chairman. "Let’s take a look at our poverty-fighting efforts. ... These programs aren't working."
The legislation would cut $242 billion over 10 years -- a down payment on the $1.2 trillion in deficit reduction Congress had agreed to after months of negotiations as part of last summer's deal to raise the debt ceiling.
Suspect In 1979 N.y. Killing Found Under Alias In Easton * Man On The Run For 10 Years Was Living In City's Public Housing Section. He's Arrested Without Incident. by JOE NIXON, The Morning Call
Budget Plan Draws Debate * No Tax Increase Is Expected, But Northampton County Council Members Say They Will Examine Proposed Spending. by MATT ASSAD, The Morning Call
House Candidates Give Views On Children's Issues * Day Care And Fathers' Responsibility Are Among The Issues At An Easton Forum. by MELANIE NOVAK, The Morning Call
Bond Is Close To Rep. Conti In Fund-raising But Incumbent Had $10,000 To Start His 143rd District Campaign. by DIANE MARCZELY, The Morning Call
Pennridge To Vote On Teachers Contract Board And Union Have Compromised On A Salary Issue That Stalled Talks Last Month by KEITH HERBERT, The Morning Call
Montco Constables Groups Sued Over Fund-raising Attorney General Says People Were Told They'd Get Favorable Police Treatment If They Took Out Ads. by CHRISTOPHER ELSER, The Morning Call
Bridgeton Bridge May Take Longer * Penndot Says Span Is Less Likely To Be Ready By Thanksgiving Day. by DIANE MARCZELY, The Morning Call
Teachers March To Make Their Case * About 250 Educators Walk To School Board Meeting To Tell Directors That Learning Will Suffer Without A Settlement. by AMY OAKES, The Morning Call
13th District Is A Key Congressional Contest Democrats See Fox As A Vulnerable Republican In A District Dominated By The Gop. by FRANK DEVLIN, The Morning Call
`Graduates' Show Pupils The Ropes 11th-graders Return To Grasse Elementary To Talk High School, Warn Against Drugs And Alcohol. by DIANE MARCZELY, The Morning Call
Mack Trucks Chief To Retire Dec. 1 Renault, Mack's Parent, Accepts Pierre Jocou's Resignation, Splits Duties. by DAN SHOPE, The Morning Call
Police Cleared To Carry Guns At Kutztown University * Board Of Trustees Approves Limited Hours That Campus Officers May Patrol With Pistols, Beginning June 1. by MARTIN PFLIEGER, The Morning Call
Crossing Guard Issue Studied * L. Nazareth Supervisors Want Them To Have More Clout. Topic Will Be Raised With Police Commission. by BRYAN HAY, The Morning Call
County Voters To Face 6 Charter Issues * Ballot Asks Whether Elected Officials Should Be Appointed by DAN HARTZELL, The Morning Call
N.j. Man Is Held In Murder Plot * Target Is His Wife, Formerly Of Whitehall Twp. `Hit Man' Is Philadelphia Police Officer. by KIRK BELDON JACKSON, The Morning Call
Silk Squad Members Appeal Ouster * Panther Valley Seniors Say The Handwritten Addition Was Not In The Rules They Received From Band Director. by CHRISTINA M. PARKER (A free-lance story for The Morning Call)
Darin Rittle: He's A Coach's Soccer Player Quakertown Captain Follows In His Brother's Footsteps As Panthers' Leader. by SCOTT HUFF (A free-lance story for The Morning Call)
Win Over Central Was Big But Becahi's Next Parkland's Rich Sniscak Says His Team, Despite The Big Win, Hasn't Won Anything Yet. by KEITH GROLLER, The Morning Call
Not Even His Fifth 300 Game Prevented Ed Gallagher From Changing Equipment by JIM KRUPKA, (A free-lance story for The Morning Call)
`Serious' Projects Give Julia Roberts Even Bigger Smile by AMY LONGSDORF (A free-lance story for The Morning Call)
Matilde ''Billie'' Wise, 81, 4430 Coleridge Ave., Titusville, died Wednesday. Born in Ann Arbor, Mich., she moved to Titusville from Detroit in 1952. She was a former secretary for the Chamber of Commerce and a member of St. Teresa's Catholic Church. She was a member of Indian River City Civic Club and Veterans of Foreign Wars Auxiliary. Survivors: sons, David, Salinas, Calif., Richard, Portland, Maine; daughter, Dawn Edens, Titusville; brother, Henry Seabolt, Troy, Mich.; 19 grandchildren; 24 great-grandchildren. Brevard Funeral Home North, Titusville.
HARBOR SPRINGS - On Sunday, May 10, the Rev. Jim Pollard will preach at both the 10 a.m. traditional and 11:45 a.m. contemporary services on the topic "A Mother's Love is Like…" with scriptural references to John 13:31-35 at First Presbyterian Church of Harbor Springs. At the earlier service, the chancel choir will sing Lani Smith's setting of "The King of Love My Shepherd Is" and pianist Sally Page will play Bill Wolaver's arrangement of "Just a Closer Walk with Thee" for the offertory. Organist Peter Sims will conclude the 10 a.m. service with Lani Smith's new setting of "All People That on Earth Do Dwell." The children's message will be given by Christian education director Maria Pierpont. Professional child care will be available during both services.
The Week of Prayer continues with guest speaker Lou Kasischke at 7 p.m. on Thursday with the topic "Spiritual Journey of the Heart." The evening also begins a prayer vigil that concludes on Friday, May 8. The week ends on Saturday, May 9, with a continental breakfast beginning at 9 a.m. (See related story above).
Call 526-7332 or visit www.fpchs.org. First Presbyterian Church is located at the corner of West Lake and Cemetery roads and is handicap-accessible.
At 7 p.m. today, Thursday, May 7, at Cornerstone Fellowship Church, two messages will be delivered. The first message, by the Rev. Jay Harrington, is "Do You Know What You Are Looking At" and Scott Adams will minister "Pride's Hinderences." On Sunday May 10, all mothers will be honored and pastor Harrington will minister a message titled "Pursuit of Christ." Children's ministry is provided at all services as well as nursery for toddlers. Cornerstone Fellowship Church is located at 2501 U.S. 31 North of Petoskey and can be reached by calling 347-0083.
BOYNE CITY - Christ Lutheran Church in Boyne City's women's celebration brunch is 10 a..m. Saturday, May 9. All women are invited,
The church yard sale is 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturday, May 16. Setup is at 7:30 a.m. For more information, call Marianne Schwem at 549-3180.
HARBOR SPRINGS - Harbor Light Community Chapel, 8220 Clayton Road, Harbor Springs, hosts its regular Sunday worship service at 10 a.m. A mid-week service is held every Wednesday at 7 p.m.
Sunday, May 10, Becky Ledingham will present a special Mother's Day tribute titled, "The Art of Living."
Wednesday evening's Bible study is a time of music, prayer, and ministry, studying "Healing." Family Life dinner is served 6-6:45 p.m. $4 per person or $12 per family.
Harbor Light offers several weekly gatherings including a women's prayer group ( 9 a.m.Wednesdays), and a youth group ( 7 p.m. Wednesdays).
For more information about these activities and the many other ministries at Harbor Light, phone (231) 347-5001, or visit www.harborlight.org.
LEVERING - Bliss Church now offers podcasts of Sunday morning messages. Go to www.blissmissionarychurch.org, to download the Rev. Dr. Alexander's latest sermon.
Bliss Church's National Day of Prayer event this year begins at noon today, Thursday, May 7, with a carry-in luncheon. Special emphasis on local, national and world prayer needs will follow.
The Bliss Women invite mothers and daughters to this year's Mother-Daughter Banquet, 6 p.m., Saturday, May 9, in the Alpha. The theme is "On the Dot" and features several women sharing about God's timing in their lives. Bring a salad; the rest will be provided.
Sunday school begins at 10 a.m. on May 10, with classes for all ages. Morning worship is at 11 a.m., and will be a blended worship style. The Rev. Alexander will preach from Romans 8:22-32; his message is titled "I Wonder: Why is Life so Unfair? Why do bad things happen to good people?"
Women's Ministries have completed their winter work projects, with many quilts made, including those for expectant mothers, the crisis pregnancy center and local nursing homes.
Wednesday, May 13, includes Bible study/prayer meeting in the sanctuary at 6 p.m., and youth at the Alpha at 7:15 p.m.
Bliss Church is on Sturgeon Bay Trail at Canby Road, just east of Wilderness State Park. Call (231) 537-4986.
EAST JORDAN - Evangelical Lutheran holds service at 10:30 a.m. on Sundays. Sunday, May 10, pastor Kurt Jensen continues his sermon series titled "The Holy Spirit at Work," with the theme "Spreading the Good News." Adult Bible study is held at 9:15 a.m. This week it continues the series titled "The Greatest Story in the World" with the theme "Pricey Perfume & Palm Branches." Contact pastor Jensen at (231) 536-7566 or evanejor@hotmail.com for more information. Evangelical Lutheran is located at 7855 Rogers Road in East Jordan.
He was born May 27, 1924, the son of Albert and Olga (Kiebel) Johnecheck, on the Boyne City farm where he grew up. He attended North Bay School and married Betty Frye in 1944. They bought their own farm on Camp Daggett Road and lived there until July of 2002, when they moved to Bortz Health Care.
Albert and Betty had eight children and recently celebrated their 65th wedding anniversary. They also have 21 grandchildren and 37 great-grandchildren.
Albert worked for Hodgkiss and Douma (H &D) road construction for 35 years and retired March 8, 1986. After his retirement, he enjoyed driving tractor and helping to maintain machinery on the family farm. For many years, Albert took his family on weekend camping and fishing trips to the Upper Peninsula. He always enjoyed deer hunting and loved to watch the large flocks of wild turkeys that wandered onto his farm fields.
Survivors include Albert’s wife, Betty; sons, Harvey (Joyce) of Sparta, Delayne (Rita) of Boyne City, Steve (Cindy) of Boyne City, and Kelvin (Cindy Lee) of Wolverine; and daughters Beverly Neville of Holmes Beach, Fla., and Diane (Clark) Meiers of Petoskey.
Visitation will be 6-8 p.m. Tuesday, Dec. 1, at Stackus Funeral Home in Boyne City. The funeral service will be 11 a.m. Wednesday, Dec. 2, at the funeral home with pastor Timothy Wright officiating. Burial will take place at Bay Township Cemetery.
Friends and family wishing to share a thought or memory of Albert are encouraged to do so online at www.stonefuneralhomeinc.com.
We put everything in place to ensure that you receive your chocolates with the highest level of quality. Therefore we reserve the right to delay sending your order in case of high temperature.
Ingredients: sugar, cocoa mass, cocoa butter, whole milk powder, caramel 8% (sugar, glucose, butter, guerande salt, condensed milk), emulsifier: soya lecithin, natural vanilla. Cocoa solids: 38%.
No other country artist has such a diverse music catalogue, from country and bluegrass to pop and disco, Dolly has recorded a wide array of material...
sorry if I post this twice, I am new at this. I just wanted to suggest that Dolly listen to Ten Cent Blues by Eisley becasue when my daughter played it during dinner tonight I could hear Dolly's voice singing it and would love to know how she woud arrange it. Thanks.
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------	Introduction Welcome Introduce Yourself Dolly Parton News & Announcements Live Appearances Dolly's Music Movies & Television Dolly Dish DollyWood Dolly Parton On-Line Website Contribute Feedback Off-Topic Other Artists & Music Everything Else
A prize vending game machine where you have to move the push rod under the gift within limited time.var __gamevidConfig={ width:640, height:480, vast:'', vidContainer:'game-window'};
Quiz Game is a game with free general knowledge quiz questions and multiple choice answers.var __gamevidConfig={ width:640, height:480, vast:'', vidContainer:'game-window'};
You have to prevent the poor ball from escaping the dungeon. 3 sides of the dungeon are blocked by walls and the bottom side is empty, but you can summon a wall on bottom side by clicking or touching. Just note that t...
--- auswahl ---ABVERKAUFADVAITAÄGYPTENAKUPUNKTURANTHROPOSOPHIEAROMAKUNDEASTRALREISENASTRO-ASIENASTRO-BERECHNUNGASTRO-DEUTUNGASTRO-ESOTERISCHASTRO-MEDIZINASTRO-PARTNERASTRO-PLANETENASTRO-PROGNOSEASTROLOGIEASTROLOGYASTRONOMIEATEMAURAAUTOGENAYURVEDABACHBLÜTENBASTELNBAUER KLEINBINGENBIOGRAPHIENBOYINRABRADLEYBUDDHA & TIBETBUSINESSCASTANEDACDCHAKRENCHANNELINGCHINACHINMOYCHRISTLICHE MYSTIKDAHLKEDENKENDIEDERICHSDÖBEREINERDOWNUNDERDROGENDVDEDVENGELENNEAGRAMMERLEUCHTUNGESOTERIKESSEN & TRINKENFAMILIEFARBENFENGSHUIFINDHORNFRANCIAFRAUENFREIE ENERGIEFREIMAURERGARTENGEHEIMGESELLSCHAFTENGEHIRNGELDGEOMANTIEGESCHICHTEGESUNDHEITGIMMICKSGROSSGURDJIEFFHANDLESENHEILENHEILEN ASIENHEXENHÖRBUCHHOMÖOPATHIEHUNAHYPNOSEIGINGINDIANERINDIENISLAMJUDENTUMJUNGKALENDERKAMPFKUNSTKARMAKASSAKELTENKINDERKÖRPERKÖRPERTHERAPIEKRÄUTERKURSLABYRINTHLEXIKALICHTLORBERMÄNNERMÄRCHENMAGIEMANDALAMASSAGEMCMEDIENMEDITATIONMILLMANMINERALIENMONDMUDRASMUSIK & KUNSTMYTHOLOGIENATURRELIGIONENNEELNLPOSHOPARTNERSCHAFTPENDELPENDELNPOSITIV DENKENPOSTKARTENPROPHEZEIHUNGENPSYCHOLOGIEPSYCHOTHERAPIEQIGONGRÄUCHERWERKREIKIRELIGIONRITUALEROMANEROTWEINRUNENSAGENSAI BABASCHAMANISMUSSCHNEIDENSCHREIBENSEHENSPIELESPIRITISMUSSPRACHESUFISSYMBOLESYSTEMISCHTAICHITANTRATAOISMUSTAROTTESLATHEOSOPHIETHICH N. HANHTIERETODTRADITIONELLE MEDIZINTRADITIONENTRAUMUFOVERSCHWÖRUNGVITRINEWASSERWEIBLICHE SPIRITUALIT?TWEINWEISSWEINWETTERWHITE EAGLEWIRTSCHAFTWISSENSCHAFTYOGAZAHLENZEITSCHRIFTENZEN
We present You the adaptation of the manga Akatsuki Myuuto called "Dorei Usagi to Anthony The Animation". Hentai tells about a guy named Hiroto that has one distinguishing feature - he hates the girls of easy virtue and arrogant, horny guys. But, once he met a girl named Charlotte, which makes a pretty bold statement that she can read feelings, which are happening in people's hearts (or to be more precise, she knows their innermost desires). Some time later, she said that Hiroto is the most anxious guy in the whole school! But, Hiroto requires her evidence and in the end gets them... Watch online this hentai with English subtitles and in high quality!
We are welcome you on Hentai Core! Our website shapes out a future of hentai video industry. Here you will find huge online collection of anime movies sorted by its hentai nature and genres, the most common of them are tentacles, school, rape. Our team provides all new hentai videos each day again, so you can find out every new release and watch it online for free on our resource. We are going to be your guide of every storyline in the world of censored and uncensored hentai adventures, where you can easily get a taste of script by watching it with English subtitle and quality dub episodes. As a leading portal of e hentai we are providing HD RIP’s for any device within high quality of 720p and 1080p. Beside of your desktop, you can make e hentai stream right on your tablet or smartphone without any difficulties or extra software, so the stream will flow with a comfort. Get in touch with an enormous part of world art provided by our online genre collection of school, rape, futabu, tentacles and witches. We fastly growing by adding new anime articles of 2017 and soon 2018, but for the moment You can enjoy all articles started form 2000 till 2016 and 2017 in English.
is not responsible for any results coming from information received or people met in chat rooms and what users say and hear in chat rooms.
Chat Decently , use the chat rooms for making good friends and develope the communication skills.Dont abuse anybody in chat rooms Do not share your email or phone numbers Chatrooms tells your inner behaviour.is NOT responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Website or Member of the Service.assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user or Member communications.Whether you're just looking for a general chat, looking to exchange kik nudes or a steamy kik sexting sex chat session, you've found the right place!
Chat Decently , use the chat rooms for making good friends and develope the communication skills.Dont abuse anybody in chat rooms Do not share your email or phone numbers Chatrooms tells your inner behaviour.is NOT responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Website or Member of the Service.assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user or Member communications.Whether you're just looking for a general chat, looking to exchange kik nudes or a steamy kik sexting sex chat session, you've found the right place! DISCLAIMERS is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Website or in connection with the Service, whether caused by users of the Website, Members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Website or the Service.
Directory of property & Real Estate listings providing commercial & residential properties including surveyors, appraisers, mortgage providers, home finance companies, property associations, lawyers, estate agents and much more.
Click on an image to view a larger version of that image. From left: Derral Reeve, education superintendent; Phil Robertson, executive secretary/treasurer; Lee-Roy Chacon, president; Jeff Metherell, estate planning/religious liberty/stewardship.. Texico Conference Quadrennial Constituency Session Report By Debbie Márquez, Texico Conference communication director Albuquerque, N.
On May 25, 2017, the Executive Committee of the Oklahoma Conference of Seventh-day Adventists voted James Shires as president. Shires, formerly prayer ministries coordinator, had recently been elected to serve as executive secretary during the 69th Regular Constituency Session held on April 30, 2017. The selection of Executive Secretary will be decided at the June 27 Executive Committee meeting, along with other vacancies. James Shires has previously stated that, "The Oklahoma Conference has a dedicated and Spirit-led group of pastors committed to the task of sharing the Three Angels' messages in the context of the everlasting gospel
Three-day Mega Clinic Provides More Than $20 Million in Health Care Services to 6,192 San Antonio Residents
Click on an image to view a larger version of that image. Thousands lined up outside the Alamodome for free medical care each morning of the mega clinic, April 8-10, 2015
Click on an image to view a larger version of that image. Thousands lined up outside the Alamodome for free medical care each morning of the mega clinic, April 8-10, 2015.
Click on an image to view a larger version of that image. Don Macintosh of Weimar College Mark Finley sharing a message on Sabbath Dr. Lela and Dr.
April 18, 2015 has been designated Health Impact Day throughout the Adventist Church worldwide, when millions of copies of the 2015 missionary book, Health & Wellness: Secrets That Will Change Your Life, will be distributed. In the following article by Peter Landless, M.D., director of the Health Ministries Department at the General Conference, you’ll find numerous ideas for sharing the gift of health and wellness in your community in conjunction with Health Impact Day or throughout the year.
Hey /r/, I really can't think of it but, there is this porn from the 80s or 90s that is set to where this aunts nephew had his dick out while sleeping. Her and her friend notice and want put it up. Aunt tells her friend to do it because it's her nephew. Friend says that she has to slickin the cock up to that it can fit inside. She proceeds to suck the cock, while doing it the aunt says "Do you know what you're doing?" Friend says "Yes course." Nephew starts to wake up and ask whats going on. Friend says "You're getting your cock sucked...
Big boobs ever try to blackmailed this french girl and try to saw her boobs :D Snapchat : Marie_Masselot
Porn with a busty, thick milf on top but with her legs on top of the guy's. LIke in the picture. I don't know why but it really really really turns me on. I think it reminds me of my mom somehow. Anyone know of any videos where they do it or what it's called?
Anyone know what doujinshi this is from? Anonymous 2016-03-26 12:36:36 Post No. 14323986 [Report] [View thread]
Well, I guess something didn't quite work right? If you are looking for high quality images of female celebrities then you at least made it to the right place! Let's review some of the more common reasons for you landing on this piece of internet real estate.
SEARCH ENGINE USERS - Hit the back button on your browser and click the "visit the page" button to get to the image! Search engines have a nasty habit of hotlinking and we don't allow that!
HOTLINKING - As we just mentioned, if this was a hotlinked image? Not so much! Obviously we have the image that some one wanted to show you. They should stop being lazy and host it themselves! However we do appreciate them sending you to us. Try one of the below options to find the image you were seeking. You'll be surprised, we have a lot more high quality images of "her" too!
PINTEREST USERS - Pinterest Hotlinks, and, as mentioned above, we don't allow hotlinking directly to images BUT the image you were searching for is here. If you type BackAlleyPics.net/ followed by "Her" name into your address bar {e.g. backalleypics.net/JaneDoe} you should be able to find the image you were searching for and many more like it!
IMAGE - We are assuming that you either got here {BackAlleyPics.net} by either searching for an image or a celebrity? If not we apologize because that is pretty much all you are going to find on BackAlleyPics.net{or .com}. You can try the letter navigation above you to try and find the celebrity by her first name in one of our letter galleries.
Or, you can go to our home page. We think that our navigation is pretty simple and you should be able to find what it is you are looking for.
Or, you can try to type some information into our useful little search box at the top of the page. Or, a better solution if you think that you are in the right place but have gotten misguided somehow, you can also try out our sitemap which will list every page in the site in a highly organized type of way.
We hope that we could help with getting you on the right path to what you were searching for. If it was do to a broken link on our site, we apologize for that and would appreciate it if you could let us know so we can create a better user experience. Thanks for visiting BackAlleyPics.net
Summer is coming which means Memorial Day is right around the corner. Here is a quick decoration, just print, frame and place in your home!
People who are real life military personnel have acted in this play, directed by Shoaib Mansoor. A sequel of sorts to Sunehray Din which he did a few years ago.
The play caught the audience and media’s attention before it even got started because it was filmed on location in many places. The play realistically portrays military life, both the emotional and physical aspects of it. The cinematography is awesome! The actors are great! The whole play is very well directed, acted, and produced. This play is not one to be missed especially if you need a few good laughs :) .”
Drama series Alpha Bravo Charlie (ABC) is written and directed by a well known Pakistani director Shoaib Mansoor. This serial is based on the life of three characters – Gulsher, Kashif and Faraz. They are three young men who wanted a career in Pakistani Army.
In first episodes the main story is about profiling each of these three characters and circumstances why they joined army. Meanwhile, you can see reflections of their great job for army and making themselves and their families proud.
Another very important character is Shahnaz, who is confident, well-mannered and educated young woman playing the role of a friend and a wife.
Alpha Bravo Charlie is a story of bravery and courage told in a way that makes it light hearted yet it remains close to reality.
Alif noon. alif noon comedy. DRAMA alif noon comedy. drama serial alif noon comedy. new drana serial alif noon comedy. best drama serial alif noon comedy. old drama seial alif noon comedy. amazing drama serial alif noon comedy. watch online drama serial alif noon comedy. famous darma serial alif noon comedy. pakistani drama serial alif noon comedy. watch only on serial alif noon comedy on ptv-drama.com. ptv drama alif noon comedy. ptv drama serialv. hot serial alif noon comedy. untresting darma serial alif noon comedy. great story of drama serial alif noon comedy. title song of drama serial alif noon comedy
It is hard to forget Allan, the most loveable conman of our television. The tall, lean character with a quizzical smile on his face, a new trick up his sleeve and, alas, an innocent stooge for his companion to upset all his schemes every week. Alif Noon went on air from the Lahore television centre in 1965, created by the inimitable Kamal Ahmed Rizvi who also played the clever guy against Nanha, the stooge (played by Rafi Khawar). What was strange was that in spite of all his cunning and scheming, no one could really find the heart to hate Allan.” – Khurram Ali. DAWN, The Review
Sami Khan , Noman Aijaz is a Pakistani guy who falls in love with a British born girl Sofie. Sofie gets marry to Sami Khan and moves to Pakistan. In the beginning, everything goes fine but when Sofie gives birth to a baby girl that brings the tension because Sami wanted a baby boy. They have 2 daughters, Imaan Tasmina Sheikh and younger daughter Isha [Maheen]. They quarrel quite often and Sofie can adjust herself in different culture and surroundings anymore and she moves back to Scotland. Imaan stays with her father and Sofie takes Aisha along.Sami Khan has a sister Aaliya. She is married and has a son Saram [Asad] and they live in Scotland.
Dr. Ahsan Talat Hussain gets marry to a Pakistani woman Sadia Shagufta Ejaz because his mother forces him to marry her. They have a son Aryan Zulfikar Sheikh. Dr. Ahsan moves to Scotland and leaves Sadia and Aryan alone in Pakistan. He gets marry to another woman Amna [Sakina Shamoon] but they don have any child. Dr. Ahsan goes back to Pakistan after 2 years and takes away his son from Sadia and gives her divorce.Sadia wants her son back and decides to fight for her rights. She moves to Scotland in search of her son. Then Amna come to know that she is expecting a child and she gives birth to a baby boy Denial [Nabeel].
One day Sadia finds out about Dr. Ahsan and talks to his 2nd wife and gets a nanny job in his house and takes away Amna son very first day to take revenge.After 22 years, Aryan and Denial turn out to be friends. Aryan becomes a doctor just like his father and Denial studies for MBA and they fall in love with the same girl – Isha.Saram is an easy going guy and loves music. He plays guitar and keyboard and he falls in love with Imaan.
Imaan lose her self confidence and becomes very confused and disturb. She feels very lonely, sad and thinks that her mother does not ove her. Mean while Isha grows up as an independent girl. She gets her mother love and studies Law.
Dr. Ahsan starts forgetting things and become mentally disturb.The drama is very entertaining and story takes turns all the way which makes it interesting. It shows the consequences that the children have to face after their parents separation.I must recommend this drama to you. If you like romance and comedy then I think you should go for it.
Do watch it yourself and find out how Saram falls in love with Imaan when they live in two different countries. What happens to Dr. Ahsan? What happens with Aryan and Denial love story? Whom does Isha love? Does Amna ever comes to know about Sadia and do they ever come to know about their sons? What happens with Sofie and Sami? How does Imaan recover and does she ever meet her mother again?
Watch online pakistani very famous drama serial ankahi.latest drama serial ankahi.most popular drama serial ankahi.Hasina Moin who has always written classic dramas which are immortal. Un kahi is one of her classics and is one of its own kind. The excellent script with fabulous directions and performances by the great actors of all times have made this drama everyone’s favorite.ankahi on ptv-drama.com.A family drama which you will definitely enjoy. A must add to your classic collection.all time favourate drama serial Ankahi.best of pakistani drama serial Ankahi.pakistani super hit drama serial Ankahi.pakistani drama serial Ankahi cast is Shahnaz Shaikh, Jawaid Shaikh, Jamshed Ansari, Khalid Nizami, Bahroz Sabzwari, Shakil, Qazi Wajid & Saleem Nasir.title song of drama serial Ankahi on ptv.free draam serial Ankahi Director Shoaib Mansoor & Written by Hasina Moin. best pakistani drama serial ankahi. ptv drama ankahi. watch only on drama serial ankahi on ptv-drama.com.
Ankahi was a popular Urdu drama serial broadcast by Pakistan Television Corporation(PTV) in 1982. The drama was written by renowned Haseena Moin and superbly directed by Shoaib Mansoor and Mohsin Ali. (The original director was Shahzad Khalil who died in harness.) The play was yet another feather Haseena Moin’s as well as PTV’s cap. The popularity of the play was such that even today its DVDs/CDs are in huge demand not only in Pakistan but also in the neighboring India and by all those South Asian expatriates around the globe.
who has always written classic dramas which are immortal. Un kahi is one of her classics and is one of its own kind. The excellent script with fabulous directions and performances by the great actors of all times have made this drama everyone’s favorite.
Laag is a Drama of PTV network written by Rauf Khalid and directed by Rauf Khalid. Cast includes Azra Aftab, Nadia Khan, Nayyar Ejaz, Nirma, Rauf Khalid, Sohail Asghar, and Zeba Bakhtiar.
This is the story of two sisters, Zara (Shehnaz Sheikh) & Sunya (Marina Khan). When fate deals them a tragic blow, taking their parents away, they migrate to Karachi from Lahore to go & live with their aunt, acted out by Badar Khalil. This trio, supported by a colorful cast, boasting names like Qazi Wajid, Behroze Sabzwari, Asif Raza Mir, Jamshed Ansari, ensure memorable viewing for everyone.Although there is perfect balance between comedy and serious viewing, one feels that what really has made this drama immortal is the chemistry (or lack of it- portrayed in the drama) between Marina Khan & Behroze Sabzwari. One comical scene follows another as Behroze Sabzwari, an immaculately dressed (full suit with oiled hair- the complete works) personal manager of Qazi Wajid, tries to win the heart of Marina Khan. Marina plays pranks on him, gives him the nickname of “Qabacha” and the fun never stops.There is also a serious side to this drama. With her parents now no longer with her, Zara (Shehnaz Shaikh) feels responsible for supporting herself & her sister. The problem is she takes this responsibility too seriously, causing problems both for her & others who care about her. Whatever problems she faces in the drama, there are no problems as far as her acting skills are concerned. Shehnaz Shiekh’s acting skills are tested to the limit and she comes through with flying colors.
It might not be the most popular of all Pokémon Go teams, but if something distinguish this unique group is their capability to follow what their instinct says.
Very few people trust in what their mind and heart say, that's why it's considered to be a very selective team.
Even if they have less members than Team Mystic or Team Valor, that doesn't mean they don't fight with all they got. Spark, their leader, believes in the innate abilities of their Pokémons, being Zapdos their main mascot.
(Read complete article here) If all this information convince you to join Team Instinct, or if you are part of it already, this Pokémon Go Team Instinct shirt is a must-wear on your hunting path!
If you want to make money every hour, every day, every moment – this is the offer for you. The matches are 100% safe and have odd from 4.00 to 25.00. There are people in this team that work 24/7 and they will give for you many sure matches in every day. Be part of this offer. Our archives are real and all matches goes to our archive. Every day match and every day good profit .
Check our halftime fulltime offer and earn some money with pro-soccertip.com! Another very important information for all visitors is that our pro soccer tips are 100% genuine and reliable. Because of that, we have a lot of clients Worldwide. Also, joining us will come to you much bonuses. As a result of that we have a lot of clients who trust us.
halftime fulltime offer for football betting picks, subscribe with us and make sure you get the best bets predictions. First of all, your football matches predictions are safe with us. We provide the best 100% accurate pro soccer tips. Consequently, with our soccer betting predictions you can easily make very good profit. Most noteworthy, joining our picks will help you to start earning as a professional. Consequently, our halftime fulltime matches are inside club information, and it is impossible to lose a game. We have verified sources from around the World because of a strong network of collaborators with whom we exchange first hand soccer tips. Therefore, subscribing to our offer can provide you with the most complete overview of professional fixed soccer halftime and fulltime games that have been set or sold out.
In addition, our halftime-fulltime soccer predictions are 100% accurate. Due to make our customers much more sure, we offer a money back guarantee as a proof of the quality of our tips. In conclusion, we always offer the most safe weekend halftime fulltime soccer betting information with 100% assurance in winning. As a result, make sure You join for the ht-ft games and win as much as you want. Hence, join our tips and start winning as a professional.
Fixed soccer matches and halftime fulltime fixed football matches and accurate predictions, therefore, make your bet today. In addition, our football information is received from professional soccer experts from all around the World.
We are here to present valuable services in one center so that bettors on sports don’t have to seek alternative resources. Having the right tools and knowledge you will get the necessary experience to become a professional punters and make a solid income for your budget.
Our company is widely regarded as the most genuine and profitable betting advisory service currently operating on the internet. If you are serious about profiting from your betting then we can help you. It is incorrect that money cannot be made from gambling and that the bookmaker always wins – these are 100% reliable games, inside club information. ​
Soccer Predictions Tomorrow Best Wins Odds 1X2 Soccer Predictions Tomorrow Best Wins Odds 1X2. Gambling involves high psychological and financial risk. Soccer Predictions Tomorrow Best Wins Odds 1X2 cannot be held responsible for any loss or damage as consequence of decisions based on information. betting advices or links provided on this site. Soccer Predictions Tomorrow Best Wins Odds 1X2. The visitor is warned to act exclusively at his own discretion and risk. Soccer Predictions Tomorrow Best Wins Odds 1X2, soccer matches predictions, prediction football matches, prediction of football matches, predictions for today matches, predictions for soccer matches, today matches prediction, matches predictions, soccer matches for today, vip tips soccer, soccer vip tips, free vip soccer tips, vip betting tips, www.vip.hr, vip football tips, vip bet tips, vip tips.com
Africa1x2.com offers customers tips on the latest sporting events. These tips are by no means guaranteed. Every bet is a gamble and you pose the risk of losing. If you feel that gambling is becoming a problem please contact us for some advice.
All matches what you can see in our web site is only predictions analized from our team. All our game you can play is on your own liability. Africa1x2.Com does not assume any responsibility for it.
A genuine service. I’ve been with them for a while now and they have always provided me with nice sure tips that always win. That is very good for me, cause it gives great morale knowing that every day you have at least one prediction that always wins.
Let me wrap this up in 2 words: VERY POWERFULL !. I was referred by a friend and boy am i happy i signed up. This guy offers me a very nice extra income each month.
You are very good ! I can see that there is a brilliant mind behind these tips. You always get the job done and delivery daily wins. Thank you for this service ! Dont wait be member of Africa1x2.com
I’m kind of a newbie in the betting world, but i really like this kind of service beacause it is unique. Very well analyzed matches, the risks are very low and the odds are actually very good.Africa1x2.com is best site who i ever found..
As a team in betting community worldwide, we are dedicated to provide you correct, valid and profitable information. Our purpose is only your maximum profit through professional betting based on strategy and particular gainful methods.
– We’re passionate about soccer tips and soccer statistics. They are our life. We are spending hours every day meticulously going through each game, examining every possible circumstance surrounding the games, injury players, playing condition, historical trends, and a mountain of other vital statistics trying to determine the result of the game.
– We exchange info with top football tips analysts. We take part from the restricted forums, were the normal guy can’t take part. We have partners in countries like: Greece, Italy, Spain, Norway, Bulgaria, Brazil, Portugal and many more. We often exchange information with top analysts around the world. We help them, they help us.
– We are here 16 Hours out of 24, EVERY DAY. As long as we’re not eating or going to the bathroom, just about every waking minute of our days is spent into the soccer database.
– We have zero tolerance for mediocrity. This is what separates US from any other soccer predictions analysts out there. When clients come to us, they know what they are buying!
– Please take the time to check out our past statistics. Earn hundreds or thousands, it is entirely up to you. Get daily premium guaranteed betting tips now and within few hours you can earn money with sports betting.
Artisan Josh is a Certified Master Tradesman, Contractor, Artisan, and Muralist, with 21 years of in-trade, and on-site experience in the Design, Construction, and Fabrication Fields.
I spent the first 38 years of my life accumulating stuff, copious amounts of stuff, and not really experiencing anything. Grinding daily in a cyclonic routine. My efforts for years resulted in the corporate world getting richer by the second as I struggled to make enough to cover bills. Picking up a National Geographic, and flipping through the pages….wishing beyond words that I could be there to experience it, real life, in the flesh…. instead of through the pages of a magazine. So I sold it. All of it…house, car, business, furniture, personals, everything.
I kept my tools of course! Armed with 21 years of Residential & Business Services Contracting Experience- I built myself a tiny house on wheels. The day I finished it was the day that I finally realized – I’m truly alive.
I speak highly of my house, and being on the road, but even more impressive than anything I’ve accomplished, is what the tiny house community has GIVEN me: A Family. A Happy Family. Those I’ve met on my travels, are by far the most sincere, sociable, eclectic, personable, intelligent, passionate, and motivated people I have ever met in my entire life. Living in a tiny house has more than exceeded my expectations. It is the people behind the tiny house movement, and community, that provide me a daily inspiration.
A quick tutorial on installing minecraft mods I did install the spawner GUI instead of spawnlist. It is confirmed in my world that it still works. I found guinea pigs but the spawn rate seems to be lower. More Creeps Link: http://www.minecraftforum.net/viewtopic.php?f=1032&t=106950&sid=6a82b83285bdf3877268bb6397211ce2 Hope this helps!
Love All The Mods Expert (ATM Expert) Mode? Thumbs Up! ♥ Watch Hypno play through the All The Mods modpack on Expert Mode! All The Mods Expert (ATM Expert) takes you through a unique, heavily altered progression showcasing some unique mods that haven't gotten much love, including Embers, Crossroads, Water Strainer, and Rockhounding. A nice visual guide has been created to guide you through some of these mods that you may not be so familiar with. The pack also includes many of the "standard" mods that you'd expect in any major modpack, although the progression in those mods may not be what you're used to. In total, we've altered roughly 200 to 300 recipes, including mods that we ourselves have added specific minetweaker support to during development (Blood Magic, Actually Additions, Rockhounding) in our quest to ensure that nothing stops us in making the the pack exactly as we envision it. ► PLAYLIST https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLriprjos26psRHt_snv1Xzl71fPbqJce_ ► LINKS http://youtube.com/hypnotizd http://twitter.com/hypnotizd_ http://twitch.tv/hypnotizd ► MODPACK INFORMATION All The Mods Expert Mode https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/all-the-mods-expert
Minecraft MO' CREATURES MOD / SPAWN PLENTY OF NEW ANIMALS IN MINECRAFT!! ►SUBSCRIBE: http://bit.ly/1LN3SQ8 In this Minecraft video today we will be testing out some awesome new mobs in the mod called MORE ANIMALS MOD its so cool and handy to have this mod as it brings in tonnes of new creatures that you obviously wouldn't ever see in Minecraft. I showed you about a third of them, so if you wish to see the rest you have to download them yourself below! Download More Animals Mod: https://mods.curse.com/mc-mods/minecraft/229260-mo-creatures ►Instagram: naveedxking ►Snapchat: crazynaveed ►Facebook: http://bit.ly/1WOxygt ►Twitter: http://bit.ly/1RqqP8S ►Vlog Channel: http://bit.ly/21KOGVs Promotions: ►Cheap Games: http://bit.ly/1VNDOqo What is Minecraft? Minecraft is an online virtual playground and workshop, where kids of all ages can safely interact, create, have fun, and learn. It’s unique in that practically everything on Minecraft is designed and constructed by members of the community. Minecraft is designed for 8 to 18 year old, but it is open to people of all ages. Each player starts by choosing an avatar and giving it an identity. They can then explore Minecraft — interacting with others by chatting, playing games, or collaborating on creative projects. Each player is also given their own piece of undeveloped real estate along with a virtual toolbox with which to design and build anything — be it a navigable skyscraper, a working helicopter, a giant pinball machine, a multiplayer “Capture the Flag” game or some other, yet ­to ­be ­dreamed-up creation. There is no cost for this first plot of virtual land. By participating and by building cool stuff, Minecraft members can earn speciality badges as well as Minecraft dollars (“Minecraft”). In turn, they can shop the online catalogue to purchase avatar clothing and accessories as well as premium building materials, interactive components, and working mechanisms.
Try our Minecraft Modding courses for free at https://codakid.com/ ★ Subscribe to our YouTube channel for more videos on kids coding and game design - including: Minecraft Modding Roblox Game Development 3D Game Development with Unreal Drone Programming Python Game Development Web Development And more!!! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmos... ► Did you enjoy this video? If you did, please leave a 👍 Like on this video to support our channel and let us know that you want more like this. ★ CodaKid has taught tens of thousands of students in over 80 countries how to code with our award-winning kids coding and game design courses. Want to make your own Minecraft mods? Want to learn how to code like the pros with Java? ► You can try CodaKid for free at https://codakid.com. What makes our online courses super cool is that we provide messaging and screenshare support from a team of friendly mentors who can help you create games, apps, and websites like the pros. ★ If you have video suggestions, contact us at CodaKid.com or leave a comment on this video! Find mods at http://www.minecraftmods.com/ Install Forge at http://files.minecraftforge.net/ Find mods at http://www.minecraftmods.com/ Install Forge at http://files.minecraftforge.net/
All About Pubg Twitter How to Show Your Framerate in Counter Strike: Source: 5 Steps When you purchase from a stock website, the model release was signed. All you have to do is visit the next link and follow them for the latest news. Down Detector is an unaffiliated website which measures social mentions around a specific topic to track outages around the world. Make certain you follow our FB page for all the most recent PUBG clips and news! The principal PUBG fundraising page and stream are available here. Rather than hunting for some top earning topics, produce a concept of an article you want to write. If youre not acquainted with them there is a great deal of great articles about them. Details of Pubg Twitter Podcasts recorded at Kohlers house must be edited to eliminate baby cries. Our apps are overlays giving you more info about the game that will help you produce your own strategy. From that point, you may want to use the Twitter search tool with PUBG for a keyword. Interesting thing here is the way to publish efficiently. The point is to mislead each other when attempting to guess the appropriate number of dice. To start with, you should be creative or aware of where to discover creative ideas for various obstacles. The very first answer to a pub quiz question is often the most suitable answer. The question doesnt need to be long to be a very good question necessarily. Both questions are excessively short, however, and dont permit the prospect for a player with advanced knowledge to answer the question before an ordinary player. If you wish to report your own issue or take a look at past issues, you can do so, too. Whatever the specific server issue might be, players are not content with recent developments. The Pubg Twitter Trap There are lots of changes occurring in the game even we are really near the official launch date. There are lots of choices. Youve got a number of options here.
Microsoft wants to advertise the game even further. There are some ways it is possible to find out whats happening with the server so that you can better plan your free time at the same time you wait to play. Service was great, because its at Republic. So you dont need to produce the service always perform request to a different service. In case you should construct the service properly so that people actually preferred to utilize it, you would boost demand. Users experiences are like receiving an SMS, but with improved functionality and at a portion of the price tag. Should you do an excellent job on all the measures you will have a prosperous quiz evening. What Everybody Dislikes About Pubg Twitter and Why The feedback is provided in a personal and interactive way. It is not given mostly because people dont ask for it-theyre just not aware that they can ask for it, and many people lack the skills to get the information they need. If people seek their own feedback at one time that is quite beneficial for them, theyll be more open to receiving the feedback. Also, the majority of people prefer to get negative feedback privately. Contrary to popular misperceptions, they want on-the-job feedback--they want to know how they are doing, what is going well, and what things do they need to work on. No need to consider about acknowledgments, just make certain you can take care of the messages fast enough and return a 204. Be sure to keep and eye on the logs to see whether your messages come through.
Okay, unless youve been buried beneath a rock for a gamer, you already understand what TitanFall is about. Assembly The new fans are intended to increase airflow above their predecessors while also keeping up a pleasant sound profile. Many consider it one of the very best anime series in the past few years. Game titles like FIFA, Madden, and NBA 2K are quite popular in the sports gaming marketplace. When it regards the Fortnite vs. PUBG gameplay battle, building is easily the most important divergence between both. There is additionally a multiplayer arena to check your skills against other players online. Lastly you must engage your audience. You are going to have wonderful experience with either and should not have any trouble finding lots of rivals to mercilessly murder. Just make certain you still live a balance life when enjoying your very best game yet! Theres plenty to do for the entire family. Adding friends in PUBG Mobile is a fairly streamlined and straightforward practice. As soon as your friend accepts the request, youre going to be prepared to play together! You dont need to be Steam friends to be PUBG buddies. When you own a couple of weapons and other things, you can begin making decisions on which weapons that you want to keep and manage your inventory a bit more.
Earn Steam 10$, 20 $ gift cards here : http://www.tremorgames.com/?ref=1009714 As promised mod is in link : http://adf.ly/6230112/skyrimxxxmod Hosted by the good people there, thanks! If you have trouble installing it check out my other videos on skyrim mods and how to install mods. English is not my native language but i'm doing my best!
Appalachian Voices, along with a coalition of citizens’ groups, has reached a historic agreement with International Coal Group, Inc. (ICG), and the Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet over years of false reporting and water pollution violations in Eastern Kentucky and a failure by the state to enforce the Clean Water Act.
We are very glad to achieve this settlement which will help clean up pollution in streams throughout the coal-impacted region, and we are proud to have worked with our partners in this important case that has already yielded changes in the coal industry and state regulatory agencies. The agreement was filed today in Franklin County Circuit Court and needs to be approved by the judge before taking effect.
In 2010, we uncovered dozens of pollution monitoring reports submitted by ICG and Frasure Creek Mining to the cabinet that were clearly false. Our analysis showed that some reports included all the same data as previous reports, but the dates had been changed. In other cases, there were multiple and contradictory reports for the same discharge point. Not only were the reports inaccurate, they were masking major pollution problems, as can be seen in the graphs below.
There were similar problems with every parameter the companies were measuring, as can be seen in these 28 graphs.
All in all, the pattern of deception we discovered accounted for more than 20,000 violations of the Clean Water Act, probably one of the most far-reaching instances of noncompliance in the 40-year history of the Clean Water Act. And the state had done nothing.
As the case went on it became clear that the cabinet was siding with the coal companies and not looking out for the interest of citizens or environment.
• They, along with Frasure Creek, appealed the court’s decision to allow our intervention all the way to the Supreme Court of Kentucky.
• Their investigation refused to acknowledge the possibility of intentional wrongdoing or the fact that the false reporting was covering up pollution problems. They concluded that all of the false reports were “transcription errors” despite the fact their own inspector’s reports show pollution problems, while the companies reports showed no problems, and their own investigation determined that the laboratories being used were not capable of accurately testing, even with inspectors watching.
If you were a coal company submitting your own pollution reports, why would you bother doing the required monitoring if you knew that the inspectors weren’t looking?
The cabinet’s priorities became apparent two weeks ago when Bruce Scott, commissioner of the Division of Environmental Protection, inappropriately made comments to the press before a final settlement had been reached. Despite the fact that negotiations are supposed to be confidential, and the fact that the cabinet has been a hindrance throughout this entire litigation, Scott felt the need to comment prematurely to get out first and claim credit for the settlement. His comments downplayed the necessity of third-party auditing to ensure accurate reporting. In the cabinet’s original settlement, the only means of assuring future accurate reporting was requiring the companies to submit a report and some extra paperwork. If the problem was that the companies were submitting false paperwork, how can you expect to solve it by just requiring them to submit more paper work?
We think that this new proposed settlement is big step towards getting coal companies in Kentucky to honestly report their pollution and towards getting the state to actually enforce the Clean Water Act.
We have uncovered false reporting at Eastern Kentucky’s three largest coal producers, who use three different labs but this is likely just the tip of the iceberg. There is a systemic problem of false reporting and failed government oversight at coal mines throughout Kentucky. We believe the terms of today’s settlement with ICG and the cabinet will put the entire industry on notice: We’ve blown your cover. No more cutting corners, lying and cheating. Kentucky citizens will not stand for it, and the courts will not allow it.
We are proud to work with a great coalition of citizens groups including Kentuckians For The Commonwealth, Kentucky Riverkeeper and Waterkeeper Alliance, represented by Mary Cromer of Appalachian Citizens’ Law Center, Lauren Waterworth, and the Pace Law School Environmental Litigation Clinic.
An expert kayaker with a serious passion for protecting our waterways, Eric served as our Water Quality Specialist for the Appalachian Water Watch team from 2010 to 2015.
Left to Right: Antonio Ballatore, Patricia (a friend of the show) and Angela Helton, with Richard and Jen from HGTV, at the Primiere of this season’s “The Antonio Treatment”
Antonio Ballatore’s Premiere for his hit HGTV show “The Antonio Treatment” took place on Saturday night in Hollywood at The Spot, and Angela Helton, our 3 Day Blinds Design Consultant from the San Fernando Valley area, was in attendance. The Antonio Treatment is a fun and fast-paced home makeover show where, each week, Antonio applies his outstanding aesthetic and technical skills to help a homeowner overcome a particular decorating challenge.
“I was honored to be invited to attend this season’s Premiere,” says Angela. “It was an evening of glamour, fun, and lot’s of celebrating as Antonio launches his 2nd season of the hit TV show.”
Antonio relies on Angela from 3 Day Blinds to help him choose the ideal window treatments for each episode, and also that the custom fitted blinds or shades will be delivered on time, and in perfect condition, to the set.
“Antonio has learned that he can count on me to guide him to the perfect product every time, and that I will take accurate measurements and keep my promise of a fast delivery,” says Angela. “I have a great team at 3 Day Blinds that I in turn count on to make it happen every time!”
Angela doesn’t just work with TV stars… she gets great reviews from all of her clients. Click here to read one that we received just last week.
Would you like a glamorous window makeover from Angie or one of our other fabulous Design Consultants in your neighborhood? Just call 877-614-3329 or click here to read the profiles of your local 3 Day Blinds Designers.
The Hyatt Highlands Hotel in Carmel, CA, is a favorite getaway spot for celebrities, golf lovers, honeymooners and nature enthusiasts. The sweeping views of the beautiful Big Sur Coast often feature frolicking whales and seals, and this unique property offers award-winning restaurants, sparkling pools and beautifully appointed rooms.
Rhonda Cook, Design Consultant, 3 Day BlindsTo sum it up, The Hyatt Highlands Hotel is the best of the best. When they recently decided that it was time to replace their window treatments, they turned to Rhonda Cook, their local 3 Day Blinds Design Consultant.
Rhonda provided her expertise and worked with the team at the Hyatt Highlands along with key players from 3 Day Blinds Sales, Client Care, Installation, Merchandising and Manufacturing teams to put everything in place for an order for 208 very large roller shades.
“It is a delight to manage a project this large, and one that is so prestigious,” says Rhonda, “It is also wonderful know that 3 Day Blinds will provide a top-quality product that will fit perfectly and be installed on time.”
Rhonda went on to describe the product that the client ultimately specified: “We selected roller shades because of their sleek simplicity, and designed them to dissapear behind a custom-built wood soffit. We chose a room darkening, textured fabric to provide light control and privacy in the guest rooms. This is ideal for this oceanfront property where the light can change dramatically and quickly. The heavy-duty hardware, which is operated with a continuous cord loop and pulley that will be secured to the wall will provide years of worry-free operation.”
Yesterday, Rhonda dressed casual and she and her District Sales Manager, Anthony Valli, visited the property to finish measuring the windows. Even though the windows look identical from room to room, they are often up to 1/2″ different in length or width, so we measure each window to ensure that the custom window coverings will fit perfectly.
The order was finalized today and we have 15,000 square feet of material in our factory ready to be cut and produced into shades. Stay tuned for Part 2!
At 3 Day Blinds, we love the challenge of large, commercial orders like this (not to mention glamorous locations), but most of our business comes from homeowners with a smaller, (but equally important) project.
Would you like to have Blackout Roller Shades like the Hyatt? Or would you prefer the natural texture of a Woven Wood Shade? How about the beauty and funtionality of Shutters or the tailored good looks of Wood or Faux Wood Blinds? Need to be energy efficient? Check out our Honeycomb Shades!
Our Design Consultants have over 1000 products that can be customized in an infinite number of ways, and they are experts in zeroing in on the right solution for any application, style and budget quickly!
If you happen to live anywhere from Morgan Hill to Carmel, CA, contact Rhonda directly and she will set up an appointment with you for a free, in-home design consultation. If you live anywhere else, call us at 877-614-3329 to set up an appointment with your local 3 Day Blinds Design Consultant.
Anthony Valli took a break yesterday to capture the beautiful view of the Pacific Ocean from one of the rooms at the Hyatt Highlands Hotel.
At 3 Day Blinds, our goal is to provide exceptional results with a fast, worry-free experience for our clients who select us to supply their custom blinds, shades or shutters. As the final step in the process, our Intallation Team plays a very big role in making this a reality. As you read through our customer reviews, our fabulous installers are mentioned frequently.
“We always partner with the best, and our installers are no exception – these are true professionals with incredible knowledge and skill who accomplish amazing things every day,” says Natalie Niverson, Director of Installed Services at 3 Day Blinds. “All of our installers are state licensed, insured and bonded, and they are aligned around doing everything possible to provide fast, reliable service that is correct the first time. Their product knowledge is vast, and their ability to solve problems seems boundless.”
Our process starts with a free consultation with the professional recommendation of a 3 Day Blinds Design Consultant, who has been trained to find the best solution for any window after listening to their client’s needs.
Is it really possible to have new custom window treatments installed in your windows in 3 days? With the help of our Design Consultants, and Installation Team, it very often is.
I recently had Ms. Angela Helton come to my parents home and we placed an order for 8 miniblinds. I also own several homes. We have been 3 Day Blinds customers for 20+ years.
Angie is extremely competant and her customer service is above and beyond. She is extremely accomodating to the customer and works for the customer. She makes me spend my money, a pleasure with fun and happiness, to remodel my home again.
I have been CEOs of hospitals for 27+ years and we have been measured for customer service. I know customer service and Ms. Helton is par none. She is the best of the best. She is a reaffirmation that 3 Day Blinds is on track as she is very passionate about 3 Day Blinds and her customers. This is an unsolicited email.
A few weeks ago, Kevin Rabbitt, CEO and Scott Pickard, SVP, Sales announced the 40 recipients of the President’s Club Award at 3 Day Blinds. Last night, our Circle of Excellence recipients rolled into town for a celebration dinner and a breakfast meeting with our Board of Directors.
These men and women are our Top 10 Design Consultants at 3 Day Blinds for 2010, meaning that they have been the most successful at finding the right window coverings solutions for their clients and building their businesses and reputations in their regions.
Our Board of Directors, an impressive team which includes our investors, and hand-selected top-of-their game business people with broad and successful backgrounds in starting, running, improving and selling corporations and other businesses, were very excited to meet our top producers.
In fact one board member commented afterwards, that meeting with the Circle of Excellence group was, ” the most productive 45 minutes I have ever spent in a 3 Day Blinds board meeting.” And all of us in senior management always thought we put on a pretty good show for them!
It was exciting to hear or Design Consultants share their experiences and expertise. Although they all have different working styles, the common denominator was that they all strive to build trust and credibilty with their clients, provide the right product solution, and then make sure that the experience of completing their window treatments project is trouble-free. Other important keys to their success were repeat customers and referrals from their existing cusomer base.
Some of our top designers have worked for 3 Day Blinds for more than a decade, while others have less than a year with us. Many have extensive window treatments or interior design backgrounds. All were excited to hear about the direction in which 3 Day Blinds is headed, but they also shared many great ideas on how we can improve.
This special time together highlighted for all of us, how extraordinarily talented and passionate our Design Consultants are. Here are some things that I was reminded of when I listened to them make their presentations:
They’re reliable: One of our core values at 3 Day Blinds is “Integrity: We keep our commitments, large and small.” In this case, it means being well-prepared, and on time for the free in-home design consultation they provide their clients.
They’re extremely likeable and confident: It takes time to get to get to know a client and understand their needs. Our Designers love people, their work and the products they sell, plus they’re are proud of the superior service they know they will provide, so building rapport and trust comes naturally.
They’re highly creative and technical: Most of us are one or the other, but they are both. As experts in the 1000+ products we carry, they know how to guide our clients to the right solution for their style, functional needs and budget. This means knowing how to work with a color scheme or confidently mix patterns, as well as explaining how the gears in the headrail work or how the bracket will mount in the window frame.
They’re precise: Accurately measuring windows to the nearest 1/8″ for custom blinds, shades and shutters requires attention to detail and knowledge of how to measure for each specific product and window type. Since measuring windows is tricky and time consuming, and our custom-made products are guaranteed to fit in the window, this is a big value-add.
They’re fast, but thorough: 3 Day Blinds Designers bring a laptop and printer and provide a written quote to their client during the first appointment. They place the order, arrange for professional installation, and follow up to make sure that their clients are delighted with their new window coverings. And yes, very often the clients’ new window treatments are installed within 3 days!
Greg Bibas and Helane KramerAfterwards, the Circle of Excellence recipients took off for Disneyland, while the rest of us began the business review. I think we all felt energized by our encounter with this terrific group of professionals, and meeting them motivated us, because our sole focus is supporting them and making them successful.
Are you lucky enough to live near one of our Circle of Excellence Designers? If so, click on their name above and you can contact them directly to set up a free appointment. If not, we will find a Design Consultant in your neighborhood who has all of the same qualities and qualifications – just call us at 877-614-3329 to schedule your free in-home design consultation.
I called your offices to set up appointment about 3 weeks ago. My daughter was moving into a brand new house and needed 15 windows covered quickly. Jeanette Nouribekian was our design consultant. She met us at appointed time and went to work measuring and advising us on our best window solutions within our budget. She gave a wonderful solution for kitchen window and even helped my daughter with some paint color advice.
I would highly recommend Jeanette, for her expertise and friendly manner. Our experience with her and your company was excellent.
We have used Jeffry-Wynne Prince and 3 Day Blinds on several occasions because of quality of product, speed of delivery and installation, competitive pricing, and most importantly professional customer service.
With Jeffry, we can always count on expert advice and the comfort of knowing we will get the most out of our budget.
We have gladly referred Jeffry’s services to family members as well as business associates in the past and will do so in the future without hesitation. We’ll be back as well!
I am writing to express my sincerest thanks for customer service provided by Jean Gaitten at the Polaris Mall 3 Day Blinds store that went above and beyond. In today’s business/retail environment it is often the case that when you need to speak with someone about resolving a problem or getting something fixed, the helpfulness found when selling the product is long gone. However, my experience with 3 Day Blinds has been extremely positive for only one reason, and that reason is that Jean Gaitten was my contact person at the Polaris Mall store in Columbus, Ohio.
When we moved into our new house we chose 3 Day Blinds to measure and install blinds for our entire house. 3 Day Blinds was by far the most precise in their time spent measuring and had the best product, best price and best warranty. Jean was at the Polaris store at that time and I was always impressed that she knew me and my order as soon as I identified my name on the phone. Her attentiveness to the initial order was noted in my mind.
However, the purpose of this note today is to commend Jean for her diligent follow thru on a recent situation we had with one of our black out honey comb type shades. I will not go into details with the entire situation, but Jean’s follow thru was so detailed and precise that I never had a worry that at some point the issue would not be resolved. This situation could easily have caused me to get upset and furious with 3 Day Blinds and yet, because I knew that Jean was on top of the situation and keeping me updated at all times on what was going on, I did not get frustrated or angry. I do understand that things happen out of our control and Jean too understood that it was 3 Day Blinds job to stand behind it’s warranty and deliver a workable solution.
So often when I call a customer service line I feel like the person on the other end of the line just doesn’t have a clue. It only took a simple phone call to Jean, and then Jean handled all the rest with the California headquarters.
I am writing you today because had Jean not handled this situation as expertly as she did, and I had become an unhappy customer I most likely would have felt the need to say something. However, even though I did have a problem with my blind, I would not hesitate for a second to HIGHLY recommend the 3 Day Blind company to anyone looking for blinds. Things happen and any brand’s blinds can break or have something happen. However, it is the warranty and the PEOPLE behind the product that make the difference. Jean made that difference for me.
Also, we did order blinds for an entire house and have only had this one area of problem with the blinds so I think that is also a very good thing.
Thank you for having Jean as a member of your team. It has been a pleasure to be a customer of Jean’s at 3 Day Blinds and I will continue to recommend the Polaris Store at The Great Indoors to anyone in the market for new blinds.
Barbara, your installer Troy just left after installing all the blinds. You did a great job on the colors!!! You can use us as a reference anytime!!
I just wanted to send a quick note to let you know how pleased we are with our recent 3 Day Blinds purchase.
We purchased blinds for our kitchen and office. It’s nice to have new, sleek, clean blinds. We’ve been dreaming about new blinds for years and everyday I see our dream come true!
Your Design Consultant, Lisa Mahoney and the installers were very responsive. There was a mistake made with the valances, but new ones arrived in the mail in good time and it was very easy for us to pop out the old ones and put in the new ones without needing a third installation appointment.
Also, Lisa was extremely helpful with our purchase. She was knowledgeable, friendly and helpful with choosing colors. We will certainly call on her again for our future window treatment needs.
By the way, please know that this complimentary feedback was not solicited. I called Lisa today to let her know how much we’re enjoying our new blinds and she asked if I would mind forwarding the compliment on to you. People always seem to take the time to complain, but not to compliment, so it was my pleasure to do so.
Collusion might reasonably be defined as meeting the enemy and discovering it is both them and us. In the case of health, personal well-being and public health alike, exactly this sort of thing is going on. It is way past time to take the way past these toxic impasses.
Let’s start with public health, and then get more personal. The leading public health problems of our time are obesity and related chronic diseases. This is well studied and thoroughly established. As bad as the current situation is, with chronic diseases imposing an enormous burden in both human and economic terms, things are projected to get far worse. Chronic diseases are proliferating around the globe, affecting ever more people here in the U.S. and taking hold at ever younger ages. We are losing an enormous number of years from our lives and an all but incalculable amount of life from our years.
What makes this truly tragic is that it is almost entirely preventable. We have known exactly what it takes to reduce the aggregate burden of chronic disease by fully 80% for literal decades. The relevant research is noteworthy for its power, clarity, consistency, and lack of controversy. Instead of staring down the barrel of a figurative gun at a future in which one in three of us is diabetic, we could readily be looking at a future in which 90% of all diabetes is eliminated outright. There are few forks in the road of life as flagrant as that.
But since we have known for decades that better use of our feet (physical activity), forks (dietary pattern), and fingers (not holding cigarettes) could transform public health, and have done relatively little with the information, at least with regard to diet and physical activity, we are squandering an incredible opportunity. We squander it by eating a diet in which nearly 50% of calories come from certifiable “junk,” and in which we talk about the benefits of exercise and then go on displacing every former use of our muscles with schedules that preclude them, and new technologies that do them for us.
We could blame it all on the food companies that make the junk food, and the technology companies that keep inventing more ways for us to be sedentary. But as noted, the enemy is both them and us.
What’s the collusion? We let their inventions become the mothers of our previously-unrecognized necessities. Nobody needed soft drinks before they were invented; thirsty people did just fine with water. But we sure seem to need them now, downing sugar measured in tonnage, an astronomical number of calories, and spending fortunes for the privilege of propagating our collective risk for obesity and diabetes. Rakes once seemed to suffice, but now a wayward leaf clearly demands the revving engine of a power blower. To say nothing of the need to play soccer on a screen using only our thumbs, while an actual soccer ball sits unused in the yard. You get the idea.
Yes, it is true that junk food is willfully engineered to be addictive, but so are illicit drugs, and most of us choose not to use them in the first place. We have no fundamental obligation to call toaster pastries “breakfast,” French fries a snack, or to keep runnin’ on Dunkin. We do have choices.
When we complain that food companies should make better food, and they should, they counter that they make and sell what we buy and eat. It’s a bit of judo and a bit of theater on their part, but it is also one part true. If we only bought better food, they would stop making junk pretty quick. If we want to transform our food supply into one that makes loving food that loves us back the norm, we can’t just keep wagging a finger at Big, bad Food even as we stock up on their concoctions. We need to share a taste for change, by showing we actually prefer to buy products that are good for us. A process of taste bud “rehab” is readily available to us all to set just a cascade in motion.
As for personal health, the story is much the same. An 80% reduction in the collective burden of chronic disease means that you, and I, have the means available to slash our personal risk of all major chronic disease, heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, dementia, by that same 80%. It means that if knowledge were power, if we used what we have long known, there are fully eight chances in 10 that our loved ones who have been diagnosed with any of the above, would not be. This is not about some remote, anonymous public. This is up close and very personal. It’s all about us and the people we love.
But here, too, we tend to squander the opportunity. While knowing just what it takes to lose weight and find health, to add years to life and life to years, we turn again and again to lose-weight-fast diets and variations on the theme of false promises and magical thinking.
Here, we could blame the fad diet authors, hucksters, and other malefactors of the military-industrial establishment. But again, the enemy is both them and us.
What’s the collusion? We could, any time we like, concede that quick fix diets cannot be a solution to the lifelong challenge of weight control. We could acknowledge that going on diets that leave our children behind in an age of epidemic childhood obesity is not only fraught with the likelihood of failure but is fundamentally irresponsible. Apparently, we are saying to our children: Grow up and get fat, then you, too, can try to sort it out for yourselves. As long as we keep buying lotions, potions, and fad diets, the individuals and industries involved will all too happily keep selling them.
Reasonable, responsible people apply common sense to everything that matters, money and mortgages; education and careers; pet care and vacation planning. And yet, we turn it off and go into some kind of “trance of gullibility” when promises about weight loss and health promotion come along. We could stop, and apply common sense more commonly to health, which certainly belongs on the short list of priorities we all respect and take seriously.
We know that get-rich-quick schemes tend to be the stuff of sit-coms, not serious people. Serious people know that worthwhile things generally take time and some actual effort. We need to approach losing weight and finding health in the real world, not fantasyland.
The Spiderman movies famously served up the adage, “With great power comes great responsibility.” That implies a corollary we all too often ignore: Before we can take responsibility, we must be empowered. There is an empowering set of skills for getting to health in spite of it all that successful experts apply to themselves. Such skills can be acquired, and applied, by anyone willing to make the effort. Only those who were empowered with the skill of literacy can take responsibility for all the reading and writing we need to do throughout our lives; there can be no such responsibility in the absence of ability. There is health literacy, too. There is a skill set for getting to health. We can go and get it.
We do not have epidemic obesity and chronic disease because of any one food, nutrient, ingredient, chemical, or device. We live in a perfect storm of obesigenic factors. Similarly, no active ingredient or silver bullet will fix everything. We are unlikely to get out of the woods until we see the relevant forest through the trees.
The journey of a thousand miles famously begins with one step. The journey to health in most cases is substantially shorter than that but also begins with one step. Learn and apply a skill to sleep better, or manage stress, and you may find you have the energy to be more active. Be more active by applying skills to fit fitness in, and you may find you sleep better, or feel less stressed. Improve your stress, sleep, and activity level, and you may suddenly find yourself prepared to start improving your diet. Do that, and you may find you feel better and want to get a bit more exercise. Rather than giving up foods you love, you could learn how to trade up foods you love to better choices in the same category, better chips, for instance, so that you keep loving the food, but the food starts loving you back. In the process, you could rehabilitate your taste buds so one choice at a time, you actually come to prefer foods that are better for you. We readily get caught up in a pattern where each thing that conspires against our health, lack of sleep, excess stress, weight gain, poor eating, lack of exercise, compounds the next, until the degenerating spiral takes our quality of life right down the drain. This process can be reverse engineered one step a time, so we are climbing a spiral staircase up to the health and vitality we want, and deserve.
We could, I suppose, just go with the status quo. We could all undergo more operations and take more drugs, like the statins we heard this week millions more of us need. We could let our kids get fatter and sicker at younger ages than we, and let them undergo ever more surgery and take more drugs, too. We could do that, at huge cost in both dollar and human terms.
But why would we? Lifestyle is more powerful medicine than anything ever developed by a pharmaceutical company, accessible to us all, stunningly free of side effects, safe enough for children and octogenarians alike, under our control, suitable for everyone every day, and requires no prescription. It is also the means to a truly luminous prize: a better life. That’s what health is for, it makes living better. We could add years to life, and life to years, not only for ourselves, but for those we love as well. We could give this gift to our children and grandchildren.
It may seem as if what stops our progress to health is unfixable. Just the opposite is true. If we initiate the right process, take one step on the way past the impasses, then what would fix health could very well be unstoppable.
David L. Katz, MD, FACP, MPH, FACPM, is an internationally renowned authority on nutrition, weight management, and the prevention of chronic disease, and an internationally recognized leader in integrative medicine and patient-centered care. He is a board certified specialist in both Internal Medicine, and Preventive Medicine/Public Health, and Associate Professor (adjunct) in Public Health Practice at the Yale University School of Medicine. He is the Director and founder (1998) of Yale University's Prevention Research Center; Director and founder of the Integrative Medicine Center at Griffin Hospital (2000) in Derby, Conn.; founder and president of the non-profit Turn the Tide Foundation; and formerly the Director of Medical Studies in Public Health at the Yale School of Medicine for eight years. This post originally appeared on his blog at The Huffington Post.
Blog Archive November ( 6 ) October ( 16 ) September ( 20 ) August ( 15 ) July ( 14 ) June ( 16 ) May ( 18 ) April ( 15 ) March ( 14 ) February ( 21 ) January ( 13 ) December ( 22 ) November ( 19 ) October ( 18 ) September ( 20 ) August ( 14 ) July ( 25 ) June ( 21 ) May ( 27 ) April ( 15 ) March ( 24 ) February ( 27 ) January ( 18 ) December ( 20 ) November ( 21 ) October ( 29 ) September ( 19 ) August ( 27 ) July ( 18 ) June ( 28 ) May ( 33 ) April ( 16 ) March ( 22 ) February ( 29 ) January ( 24 ) December ( 25 ) November ( 31 ) October ( 38 ) September ( 28 ) August ( 35 ) July ( 31 ) June ( 28 ) May ( 33 ) April ( 22 ) March ( 35 ) February ( 33 ) January ( 30 ) December ( 27 ) November ( 29 ) October ( 39 ) September ( 33 ) August ( 36 ) July ( 47 ) June ( 44 ) May ( 50 ) April ( 50 ) March ( 56 ) February ( 55 ) January ( 62 ) December ( 61 ) November ( 55 ) October ( 50 ) September ( 68 ) August ( 68 ) July ( 61 ) June ( 67 ) May ( 59 ) April ( 53 ) March ( 62 ) February ( 61 ) January ( 64 ) December ( 43 ) November ( 54 ) October ( 62 ) September ( 54 ) August ( 62 ) July ( 58 ) June ( 60 ) May ( 75 ) April ( 61 ) March ( 70 ) February ( 60 ) January ( 58 ) December ( 51 ) November ( 67 ) October ( 69 ) September ( 53 ) August ( 52 ) July ( 46 ) June ( 48 ) May ( 46 ) April ( 39 ) March ( 38 ) February ( 34 ) January ( 41 ) December ( 36 ) November ( 41 ) October ( 42 ) September ( 33 ) August ( 34 ) July ( 36 ) June ( 41 ) May ( 42 ) April ( 49 ) March ( 38 ) February ( 41 ) January ( 42 ) December ( 29 ) November ( 31 ) October ( 61 ) September ( 24 ) August ( 27 ) July ( 23 ) June ( 27 ) May ( 29 ) April ( 35 ) March ( 31 ) February ( 31 ) January ( 26 ) December ( 26 ) November ( 42 ) October ( 45 ) September ( 26 ) August ( 24 ) July ( 23 ) June ( 31 ) May ( 28 )
Members of the American College of Physicians contribute posts from their own sites to ACP Internist.
Internal medicine physicians are specialists who apply scientific knowledge and clinical expertise to the diagnosis, treatment, and compassionate care of adults across the spectrum from health to complex illness. ACP Internist provides news and information for internists about the practice of medicine and reports on the policies, products and activities of ACP. All published material, which is covered by copyright, represents the views of the contributor and does not reflect the opinion of the American College of Physicians or any other institution unless clearly stated.
About one-third of adults and 17% of children and teens were obese in 2011-2012, according to a national survey study, a rate that hadn’t changed in the previous decade.
CDC researchers examined trends for childhood and adult obesity among 9,120 people in the 2011-2012 nationally representative National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
For children, the marker of obesity was high weight for recumbent length from birth to age 2. The overall rate was 8.1% in 2011-2012, with a difference between boys (5%) and girls (11.4%). Among children ages 2 to 19, 31.8% were either overweight or obese, and 16.9% were obese. Obesity among children 2 to 5 years of age decreased from 14% in 2003-2004 to just over 8% in 2011-2012 (P=0.03).
Among adults, 68.5% were either overweight or obese, 34.9% had a body-mass index (BMI) of 30 or greater, and 6.4% had a BMI of 40 or greater. Obesity in women age 60 years and older increased from 31.5% to more than 38% (P=0.006).
If you’ve been reading my blog for a bit now, it will not be new news to you that I adore Victoria magazine. Vintage Victoria magazine when the magazine was under the leadership of Nancy Lindemeyer. The two issues I am featuring are two vintage July issues.
The July 1990 Victoria issue is one of my favorites! This issue has so many beautiful things to look at and it features an editorial about the Art Deco Society in California hosting their 1920s event, “A Gatsby Summer Affair” which is still running! Gatsby Summer Afternoon is hosted every year, and this year is the 32nd year the party has been raging on.
Last year, my friends and I attended the New Deal Weekend hosted by Julie of Fab Gabs Vintage and we had such enormous fun! This year the party is being hosted in Seattle which I am so sad to be missing. Perhaps next year! You can see our photos from last year’s event in this blog post: 1920s & 1930s Prohibition Picnic at Historic Overlook House
The other July issue featured is July 1993. I’ll say it isn’t one of my favorite issues since there aren’t a lot of fashions in it. But there is a wonderful feature on Margaret Howell (photo above) and the style and branding looks slightly different than the current look. I love seeing how brands grow and change.
As the summer days get longer and hotter, all we want to do is frolic on the beach. Whether we are surfing or just soaking up the sun, we love doing it with our friends. There is nothing better than the sound of the waves crashing and sand between our toes.
And, of course, it is best to do it in style. The bright colors of our new vintage swimsuits really invoke this sense of summer fun.
ARCHIVES Select Month August 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014
Wood autoclave is a kind of key equipment, which is used for wood deep-processing. To achieve the safety demands of laminated Wood through the pressure and heat treatment process.
It is widely used in automotive industry, aerospace, defense industry, building decoration, etc. It is equipped with the safety valve, the pressure gauge, the temperature element and so on.
Besides power driven, pneumatic ways to open the door, it also has the safety interlock. There are heating elements for warming & forcing and cooling device inside of the autoclave. It will automatic control and detect the opening and closing doors, temperature, pressure in autoclave by PLC controller, which is the wood workpiece precess.
Autoclave is a kind of large-scale steam equipment. It can be used to steam sand lime brick, flyash brick, slag brick, aerated concrete block, cement pile and other cement products. Besides that, it also has a widely application in deep processing of wood, wood, rubber, thermal insulation material, medicine, high strength gypsum, sizing the fishing net industry and so on. We can manufacture various forms of the autoclaves according to the requirements of our customers.
Experts In our company absorbed the advantages of foreign similar products, and improved the strength calculation by analyzing the main pressure parts and doing all kind of stress test.
Over the past seven years, Larry Scott Blackmon has grown to become a force in New York state politics. Larry’s credo is “represent those in society who are often ignored and left out of the political process.”
Truly a native son of Harlem – he was born in Harlem Hospital, raised in Harlem’s Drew Hamilton Public Houses and attended A. Philip Randolph Campus High School in the heart of Harlem. Larry graduated from the State University of New York’s College at New Paltz with a double major in Communication and Black Studies.
Following in the footsteps of some of his family members, Larry worked in the Music and Entertainment industry for EMI Records promoting some of the most popular artists in R&B music in a national promotions capacity.
In 1997 Larry decided to embark on a career in politics by “promoting” New York City Councilwoman C. Virginia Fields, on her quest to become the President of the Borough of Manhattan. No job was too small as he stuffed literature in doors, stapled posters to poles, and used his college radio experience to provide a voice for the candidate’s sound truck. C. Virginia Fields won the election by a 12 to 1 margin in Northern Manhattan.
While working with the Borough President of Manhattan, Larry took a leave of absence to accept a position on the campaigns of then Vice President Al Gore and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton as Field Coordinator for the Borough of Manhattan. Working with a first rate team, he was instrumental as the First Lady made history by winning the election and becoming the junior Senator from the State of New York.
Shortly thereafter, Larry began a two and a half year tenure as the Deputy State Director for United States Senator Charles Schumer, becoming one of a select group of people to have worked for two U.S. Senators serving one state at the same time. A short list of his duties include assisting with the management of eight satellite offices, advising the Senator on key policy issues, managing the Senator’s relationships with elected and party officials.
After a brief time advising New York City Council Speaker Gifford Miller, Larry joined the staff of the New York Jets professional football team where he currently serves as Senior Manager for Public Affairs. In this role, Larry convened a taskforce of New York City political and labor leaders who developed a comprehensive and historic model Minority and Women Owned Business Enterprise program for the New York Sports and Convention Center. This program will ensure $100 million dollars of economic activity geared towards New York City’s Minority communities. Larry is also working to expand the New York Jets outreach efforts in all five boroughs of New York City.
how do you install carpet transition strips hardwood flooring vinyl plank floor to,vinyl plank floor transition strips flexible laminate flooring carpet to wood,how to install vinyl floor transition strips carpet strip tile,vinyl flooring transition strips reducers floor strip wood carpet to,fanciful inspiration floor transition strips wood to tile all carpet vinyl reducers strip plank,wood floor transition strips image of hardwood to carpet vinyl flooring,vinyl floor tile transition strips flooring carpet to ideas,vinyl floor tile transition strips wood to carpet ramp strip aluminum,floor transition strips wood to vinyl how install carpet sofa,vinyl flooring transition strips plank floor wood hardwood tile strip imaginative of how to install.
Copyright © 2018 Australasian Association for Engineering Education.. All Rights Reserved.	Designed by Webmaster Studios.
Donald Kirk and Kisam Kim explain in detail the campaign of the president of Korea for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Three contributions on Korea -- North, South and Kim Dae Jung -- for this massive five-volume work on human rights issues worldwide
An unauthorized study of Korea's largest business group, its triumphs and failures, and the peasant's son who founded it
Iraq and South Korea face contrasting economic problems and issues, as seen in these articles for Institutional Investor
I.--Heart and Seoul: From the ashes of war, Korea's capital rises like a phoenix to world-class. II.--Three Perfect Days: Wining, dining, sightseeing and strolling around one of the world's oldest and greatest capitals
Tags: Trump, Trumpster, LBJ, Lyndon Johnson, Peter Arnett, Earl Wheeler, COFRAM, DMZ, Korea, North Vietnam, South Vietnam, Vietnam War. Khe Sanh, General MacArthur
How can you be sure of a president who talks about destroying North Korea, who holds out “the military option” ― but professes to (more…)
Tags: Article 9, Shinzo Abe, General MacArthur, Izumo, Self-Defense Forces, Senkaku, Diaoyu, Carl Vinson, Takeshima, Dokdo
Cleaning up a restaurant kitchen can be a real hassle. They get dirty very fast. In this game we ask you to clean up the mess in the shortest amount of time. If you get lost you can always ask for a hint, but use them wisely, you only get 5 chances.
- [필수] 옵션을 선택해 주세요 -------------------- [선택1-1] BM2A-0Y41-KIM[선택1-2] BM2A-OR41-KIM[선택1-3] BM2A-OT41-KIM[선택1-4] BM2A-OA41-KIM[선택2-1] BN6A-0Y41-KIM[선택2-2] BN6A-0R41-KIM[선택2-3] BN6A-0T41-KIM[선택2-4] BN6A-OA41-KIM
CONTROL FLOW, INC. manufactures and designs a complete line of motion compensation/riser tensioner systems and in addition, owns the technical rights and properties of the former ABB Vetco, WesTech/HMD (Owner of the Tensioner and Compensation Designs of the former Western Gear Corporation) and RETSCO motion compensation product lines.
If you've tried this recipe, tell us how you liked it on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 = I didn't like it, 5 = I liked it very much):
This delicious meal is amazingly easy to prepare, as long as you have a pasta machine and ravioli tablet — it's a small grid in which you can prepare ravioli "like a sandwich", then roll out the ready ravioli using a rolling pin. Super easy, and with just very little effort you will end up having a luxurious feast!
Ramen is a delightful soup served piping hot with wheat noodle and lots of vegetables — a perfect dish that you can prepare quickly for a healthy autumn dinner or a light lunch. You can customise it almost indefinitely with ingredients you like: eggs, meat, vegetables and rice cakes. I will show you how to prepare a simple, but very tasty ramen based on bonito fish stock (bonito dashi) and eggs.
Bento is not only rice, but also other ingredients, like... pasta. This recipe came to life when I had some uncooked beef left-overs and just wondered what to do with them. Cooking them as a part of bento was a great idea!
I got tired of sausages after yesterday's deluxe bento, so today I decided to have some eggs with lunch. I put some sweet mustard over the cooked yolk to have them pack some punch and they were really interesting!
I prepared also hand-made furikake (rice sprinkles) with ingredients I like, which made my rice extra tasty today!
The good ol' Bermuda high is keeping us dry through at least the weekend. Our friends over at the National Weather Service Blog don't see any decent precipitation coming in until Monday or Tuesday of NEXT WEEK!
I've looked at the latest crop report and our rainfall amount is 7.71" below normal this year. Some areas in Southern Middle Tennessee are more than 10" behind. Farmers in several counties are reporting almost a 'drought-like' situation. I'm beginning to see several brown spots in our lawn due to the dry conditions. Hopefully, this isn't a sign of things to come for this summer. While the sunny days and cool nights are nice, they do have a downside.
A chilly start this morning, but it'll give way to abundant sunshine and much warmer temperatures than on Tuesday. High today around 72...
Looks like the new month will debut with a very hot start . August starts right around 88° and 65° and by mid-August the heat still rul...
The results are in for July and it was one hot month. We had just one overnight in the 50's on July 1st. 20 of the 31 days i...
Are you wondering what our upcoming winter will be like? Do you remember the very cold winter of 2009-2010 when temperatures in January fa...
Blog Archive March 2017 (1) August 2014 (10) July 2014 (10) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (10) December 2013 (8) November 2013 (14) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (7) July 2013 (22) June 2013 (11) May 2013 (24) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (12) January 2013 (20) December 2012 (20) November 2012 (17) October 2012 (31) September 2012 (17) August 2012 (29) July 2012 (43) June 2012 (44) May 2012 (34) April 2012 (39) March 2012 (52) February 2012 (43) January 2012 (32) December 2011 (15) November 2011 (29) October 2011 (23) September 2011 (29) August 2011 (29) July 2011 (34) June 2011 (42) May 2011 (42) April 2011 (50) March 2011 (23) February 2011 (29) January 2011 (33) December 2010 (55) November 2010 (18) October 2010 (33) September 2010 (20) August 2010 (42) July 2010 (43) June 2010 (49) May 2010 (54) April 2010 (40) March 2010 (40) February 2010 (58) January 2010 (76) December 2009 (43) November 2009 (28) October 2009 (33) September 2009 (64) August 2009 (44) July 2009 (33) June 2009 (36) May 2009 (56) April 2009 (33) March 2009 (34) February 2009 (45) January 2009 (58) December 2008 (69) November 2008 (48) October 2008 (55) September 2008 (45) August 2008 (53) July 2008 (38) June 2008 (58) May 2008 (87) April 2008 (67) March 2008 (33) February 2008 (40) January 2008 (81) December 2007 (66) November 2007 (28) October 2007 (11) September 2007 (27) August 2007 (40) July 2007 (36) June 2007 (39) May 2007 (36) April 2007 (12) March 2007 (5) February 2007 (36) January 2007 (5)
© 2016 Dadibhais (Bradford) Ltd t/a CooksMill | Digital marketing & website management by Marketing Labs
All game files on CoolStreaming Arcade are copyrighted or trademarked by their respective owners or authors.
I was interviewed by Videosurveillance.com about my thoughts on video surveillance's effect on crime. I'm skeptical. (But impressed that a company such as theirs is willing to print my unadulterated skepticism.)
Peter Moskos is an associate professor in the Department of Law, Police Science, and Criminal Justice Administration at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. He is on the faculty of the City University of New York's Doctoral Programs in Sociology and a Senior Fellow of the Yale Urban Ethnography Project.
Moskos graduated from Princeton (AB) and Harvard (PhD) and was a Baltimore City Police Officer. He has authored three books: Cop in the Hood, In Defense of Flogging, and Greek Americans.
"Should be made mandatory reading for every recruit in the Balto. City Police Academy. ... I am so proud that you were a Baltimore Police Officer and a good one."
"I have been a cop now for 23 years and your book really captured what it's like to be a street cop. . . . Great book, great insights."
"Moskos strips away hard to decipher cop-speak and sociological mumbo jumbo and presents something easily digestible by the average reader.... Moskos is a veteran of a war [on drugs] he disagrees with. But he has walked the walk, respects the brotherhood and, as far as I’m concerned, still bleeds blue."
"An imaginative ethnography, unconventional in style and purpose. ... A close and moving description of big city policing."
"Ethnographic chutzpah.... Perhaps the best sociological account on what it means to police a modern ghetto.... Tells a great story centered around notions of race, power and social control."
Riveting. . . . An unsparing boys-in-blue procedural that succeeds on its own plentiful—and wonderfully sympathetic—merits.
"[An] objective, incisive and intelligent account of police work. Moskos's graphic descriptions of the drug culture... are the most detailed and analytical to be found anywhere.
"Recommended for...insights into law enforcement and, in a nerdier vein, how participant observation can inform social science."
[Moskos's] provocative book makes many sanely provocative points; it is one I’ve urged on those who want to do more reading on the subject, and I’d urge it again now.—Adam Gopnik, New Yorker
Don’t laugh: He makes a convincing case.... Clear, smart and highly readable prose.... Let the debate begin. —Craig Seligman, Bloomberg
It could have profound consequences.... In Defense of Flogging forces the reader to confront issues surrounding incarceration that most Americans would prefer not to think about. —Mansfield Frazier, The Daily Beast
“Flogging” is intriguing, even in — or because of — its shocking premise. As a case against prisons, Mr. Moskos' is airtight. —Washington Times
Compelling… Although his outrageous idea may conjure up unsavory reminders of U.S. slavery, by the end of “In Defense of Flogging,” Moskos might just have you convinced. —Salon
One of the very few public-policy books I've encountered that goes past wringing its hands over a societal problem.... Moskos's sharp little volume has a potential audience far beyond the experts. —Rich Fisher, Public Radio Tusla
A very important work... provocative, timely, and well-argued. I agree with you completely that our criminal justice system is out of control.... On one hand, the problems seem intractable. On the other hand, we're doomed if we don't do something about it. —(Former) CIA Agent John Kiriakou
It was, in truth, a book that I could not put down. I read it in two sittings (my butt was hurting after the first!)... You did well. —Gary Alan Fine, John Evans Professor of Sociology, Northwestern University.
Posts may be freely reprinted in whole or part with a link to this blog and proper attribution. Other copyrights may still apply.
There continue to be times when you get a uncomfortable idea of the fact that just helps to keep popping ” up “. It’s an item new, they have something never a one else ever strategy of although yet the problem came coming from you. In which it makes somebody a genius of any idea.
What might you do with the whole that special expertise wrapped on around your company’s mind and screaming relating to escape? A people can be found lucky as they include gifted having ideas that could just go the world around. Some people are plainly regular people leading prevalent lives but then it day these lives developed around by means of that greater idea. They’re going to became brains. InventHelp Success
Thomas Edison became of the world’s best Inventors when he realized the manner bulb, a new first stream picture camera, and ones first easy on the pocketbook way to be able to conserve light fixture and energy. Bill Entrances was every other inventor who just basically barely started released hacking about computers well before he ignited Microsoft. So he is one of often the richest men in how the world today because about his innovation.
One picture can cook a impact in your new life together with can substitute the complete by doing it higher. We look for to bonus a entire lot of objects today the fact that a influence of some people’s inventions and simply ideas. All of have Creators who currently have built a place ships choosing it manageable for office space travel. What would my partner and i do without cars if they we had not been created? InventHelp Corporate Headquarters
Though we will have suffered from life to change inventions, the site doesn’t mean that they have towards build some thing really high to continually be an author. Inventions want the the water filters, some chalk board, etc. can always come up with a variance. Ideas that do can result on the life styles of others positively will be great technology.
So now you provide this assumption that your corporation feel is a genius one, the things do your do with it? Actually do you now bury that by putting it into yourself to you choose the considerably option of sharing whom knowledge with the the world. If you share a ideas to assist you the world, people will probably love an idea in addition to it would give then you some golden technologies on you are achievement. invention ideas
No another is nicely young within order to come rising with a fantastic idea moreover no people is also young in the market to be a strong inventor. Exclusively as Legislation Gates initiated hacking techniques at the young this of thirteen (13), it again shouldn’t are produced as a suitable surprise of find a younger guys developing magnificent inventions who seem to will service the whole.
One pertaining to the biggest challenges which is inventors as soon as possible encounter is really the lack of control to look for proper feedback and resources to turn their thought processes into situation. If each idea is able to positively meet the needs because of the users but them cannot getting accessed, perhaps it seems to have failed. This excellent has murdered many of the options that a number of people people can possibly have come up with in this past. Basically a only a handful people posses the global financial capacity on to share those inventions in addition , ideas.
There probably are some people who currently have taken it upon him or her self to put away the international by gaining out when you need to Inventors and assisting folks in moving their views and goals to existence. Invent Can help have purchased a way to provide it with advice and in addition resources and assist some investors. These items provide him with patent protection but also aid them by dealing with investors who include the importance in those new formulation.
They of course assist the following Inventors among resources towards improve their valuable creations furthermore make this item more fine looking for likelihood investors. Develop Help have now this Virtual Invention Project which comes in a single 3D magic size to inform investors related with a great invention as well as the they but also have model models to successfully show option traders.
The inventors that will be assisted locate the full up protection because of their choices and InventHelp, in turn, grants full confidentiality together with the pioneering technological advances. They is in assorted locations all the over the world locating for arrival inventors and furthermore to them have their ideas to the entire world at large.
One should be able to be stunned at the very volume of ideas that spring down on people’s minds along a full time basis. Once you possess an idea, why genuinely share this with the world as it quite possibly go a suitable long style in simple to people. Ones who came up with smartphones do you think share ones ideas so look everything it got. The on the net is and an technology and most of us get a lot linked information by using it today.
Your idea might exist the succeeding best task the global has so that you see. InventHelp is several to program you and assist into sharing a inventions to be able to the world.
Our Internet hosting service provider is only likely to be accountable for maintaining our actual server inside their pretty individual way. reasonably priced server hosting in the shape of VPS server web hosting is a type of Digital internet hosting, Because the server that you're provided with is often a digital server that is hosted on a tangible VPS hosting node. a cheap server both in the shape of the VPS web hosting server or perhaps a dedicated web hosting server is the greatest Answer for an organization or personal that requirements a Hosting deals that could source them with trustworthy Webhosting, not like a bulk of shared and reseller Internet hosting packages.
As said over, VPS web hosting features of a number of one of a kind Positive aspects. VPS might also manage incompatible processes to run on the very same server without interaction or overlap, creating applying server much more efficient. VPS internet hosting is acquiring ever more more in demand from customers on account with the Extraordinary security it might provide, along with the enhanced reliability.
Shared web hosting is easily the most inexpensive, although a focused server is becoming by far the most customizable and has, Therefore, the utmost cost. DNS servers are located in the united states. Furthermore, all VPS servers Use a person-pleasant cpanel which could be utilized to upload documents, protected your server, control domains, and execute an assortment of responsibilities To make sure your server runs effortlessly.
Now that you determine what is shared web hosting and the way that it really works, all you must do is explore a dependable company. upkeep and update operate is completed from the group of industry experts of this corporation. There are a number of pure action to follow to attain an excellent Internet hosting approach.
To conclude, for those who discover a Website hosting service provider which is capable of give you a reasonable server that includes the diploma of support you would like at the correct rate, You then should acquire them up on such a Internet hosting present. it truly is An important support that is required in this day and age. Your host just isn't going to choose accountability for it and inside the party you aren't technically skilled it's proposed you elect to the managed VPS strategies.
discover every detail with regard to the business to get particular that you are web hosting your internet site having a Risk-free assistance provider. persons are frequently delighted to assist, so you're going to probably manage to read this master quite immediately if a certain hosting firm is unreliable or has minimal exceptional products and services. Do what's perfect for your company and act this specific minute!
deciding on the perfect World wide web host could be a demanding assignment for the time being, Specially Anytime you can find just too many web hosting vendors about. When you've got manufactured the choice to utilize Website hosting support for your web site, you may need to accomplish ideal study in advance of creating your remaining assortment. Essentially, a Internet hosting is a location that shops your site information on the internet to carry on to keep your website live on the web.
hence, although there is a more substantial Site hosted on the very same Bodily unit, but on another VPS, it isn't really about to produce a difference in your internet site's functionality in any way. inside of just a pair minutes, you get your welcome e mail With all the login specifics. On top of that, your host need to offer World-wide-web-based email messages to make sure that it is feasible to check your e-mail any place at at any time.
usually means you need to take care of your VPS server entirely all on your own. A Digital Private Server hosting prepare will be the treatment to all your prerequisites. there are lots of ways by which you'll be able to take advantage of the Digital non-public Server.
the choice from the server internet hosting language need to be taken in compliance While using the use to which the server might be place. With just compact variations in the servers a person gets baffled as which just one will probably be the best possible for them. All you need to do is choose the focused server with a specific offer that fulfills your specified wants.
this type of hosting is something which you will certainly have to have for really serious firm and useful resource intensive solutions. Based on this Idea, a web hosting business provides discounted to their buyers becoming a member of them in that Exclusive interval when the price reduction is getting provided. discount rates are A vital component of promoting solutions during the marketplace.
you might Mix them together in accordance with your company demands and obtain the best match. Also, you've got to choose that supplier is probably going to refund your complete quantity or only the sum which a person isn't really used by you. If your small business is offering free SSL certification, then it's a bonus for yourself, if not then make specific that they may have the services, then it's possible in foreseeable future you sometimes take the advantage.
Our internet hosting providers aren't meant to assist these activities, As well as in accord with our Terms of provider your disk space and bandwidth utilization needs to be integrated in to the normal operation of the web site. like a consequence you are going to be benefiting of the safe hosting knowledge given that There's not destined to be an other user who may have the ability to get any entry to that House. while in the function the host won't give you these, It really is a good idea to search for various providers.
Look’s like someone has built a website with WebsiteBuilder but there’s an issue with their account.
Faye was our sitter at Goward House Portrait painters in Victoria BC today.﻿ First I did a face-on sketch in charcoal just to warm up (I won't show it here).
Painting from my heart with no commercial agenda in mind, only deep respect for the medium and application. I love what I do, and hope you do too ...
First I sketched the scene on my blank white canvas using thinned Cadmium Red then applied the main colors with a broad brush, only hinting at detail, allowing some of the underpainting to show through.
I use water-soluble oils. Some call it water-mixable. I like the Grumbacher Max oils mostly but I also use COBRA from the Netherlands (watervermengbare olieverf) and ARTISAN by Winsor & Newton water-soluble oils too.
Click on the image to see a larger view then press your BACK button to return here. Your COMMENTS are always helpful to me.
Moss seems to gather on a remote stony outcrop, especially if the only passing traffic is the occasional deer. My friends always want to know where this is - well I'll give you a clue = Nanaimo on Vancouver island where I lived for a couple years.﻿
Although the sun was shining on Vancouver Island this morning we were greeted by a chilly sea breeze - which was good 'cos it makes the tree bend al la Group of Seven and it was no problem to cheat the cold by throwing on a sweater.﻿ Following the sale of an earlier painting of mine which was done with juicy brushwork a little light went on in my mind - bing! So I went thick impasto today. 'Hope you like ...
Firstly I sketched Marilyn's face with Conte pencil just to get the drawing done, then I wet the entire paper with ordinary kitchen cleaning spray. While the paper was wet I used a paper towel to wipe the whole paper down and started applying oils - (water-soluble oils).
Marilyn was our sitter at the Goward House Portrait Painters this week. The likeness isn't accurate - I was going for how I imagined Marilyn might FEEL inside ... so the painting is expressive rather than an accurate representation of who she really is. A different reality, if you like.
This is my study in greys - a stone lantern about man-height at the bottom of the Glendale Gardens in Saanich, Vancouver Island.﻿ Painted en plein air, two-and-a-half hours in the wind and dust!
Android WarZone: Creating an Android library with external service and calling it from client application
A conversation among playwrights who run their own theatre companies, moderated by me. Listen as Julia Jarcho, Jorge Ignacio Cortiñas, Deborah Stein, Eugenie Chan and I discuss the joys and challenges of taking the artistic lead.
The Venturous Theatre Fund has awarded Andy Bragen Theatre Projects a grant. It’s the company’s first, will be used to support our inaugural production, of my play “Don’t You Fucking Say a Word”, this November.
Andy Bragen, a graduate of Brown University’s MFA Program in Literary Arts, has been the recipient of Workspace and Process Space Residencies from the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council. Other honors include the Clubbed Thumb Biennial Commission (read more)
July 2015: A reading of "Don't You Fucking Say a Word" at the Contemporary American Theatre Festival
May 2013: a reading of Don't You Fucking Say a Word in Pittsburgh, in City's Theatre Company's Momentum Festival.
On Friday, May 10th at 3pm, there will be a public reading at New Dramatists of Don't You Fucking Say a Word, directed by Erik Pearson. For more information visit New Dramatists.
Playwrights Center Dialogue interview with me about my upcoming workshop of The Dowager: http://tinyurl.com/aj9v27p.
Up next, a week long workshop of my newest play, Don't You F*cking Say a Word, directed by Erik Pearson, with the brand-new company Brooklyn Shakes.
2/4/13: Just finished a one day workshop of The Dowager, at New Dramatists, directed by Erik Pearson. Erik will be directing the Playwrights' Center workshop of the play in late March.
Coming up in April, at Ohio Northern University, a production of Shu Matsui's The Proud Son, which I'm co-translating with Kyoko Yoshida. Desdemona Chiang will direct.
The Dowager will be workshopped at The Playwrights Center as part of their Ruth Easton Series in late March/early April.
At long last, a new website, designed by Russell Moore. I'm still adding information, and fixing errors, welcome thoughts and comments about design and content.
Email marketing is such a necessity in today's competitive real estate market. With a limited supply of buyers, each and every real estate lead or email address captured on your website or fan page is worth more than its weight in gold. The issue here is that most of those who opt into our email database never hear from us again. Why? Because … Continue reading the story "Top to Bottom Email Marketing for Real Estate – Part 1"
It seems like everyone and their brothers have smartphones and tablets these days. It could be because they do. Smart marketers have definitely noticed this trend and have completely embraced mobile in their marketing efforts. So, what exactly does “Mobile” mean when it comes to marketing?
Well, mobile marketing is the process of marketing on or with a mobile device. We all know that we live in a society of instant gratification and when consumers are mobile our marketing messages need to be mobile also in order to reach them. What does this mean to you as a Realtor? It means you need to incorporate mobile marketing into your current marketing efforts.
This is not just my opinion. Here’s what the statistics from a recent survey completed by The Real Estate Book show:
1. 98% of all home buyers who use a mobile device in their home search process consider it a “valuable tool” – 46% of those surveyed state the device was “essential” to their search and 52% state the device as “helpful” in their search.
2. 68% stated they contacted a real estate professional to view a home based on their mobile search.
3. 85% of previous non users of mobile search will consider using a mobile device in their next home search.
So, hopefully, now you can see the importance of mobile real estate marketing. Saturday, I’ll show you two quick easy ways to make sure you’re using mobile marketing so that you and your listings can be found on mobile devices.
We utilize the most modern machines on each individual career with productive going approaches handed down technology to era. Go Correct will conquer any ones selling price. Our mission is to offer quietly workmanship at Lower throat costs. We simply just are the most beneficial! Don't forget with every transfer, Shift Ideal! We're bonded and insured!
David W. Verified assessment We had a crazy hurry occupation and lots of fragile valuables which include china and art objects and materials. Pam not simply did a great position packing everything, but aided us organize it before packing.
They went above and past to create our transfer into town as smith as possible. Accessible and intelligent movers that I trusted. A unique… read through far more 21. Matos Movers
He delivered in time, I also explained to him if he is ever again in West Tennessee with some down time i will get him fishing!
You could request a estimate from this organization Ask for a Estimate I referred to as this organization Pods to get a quotation.
Sad to say, for an alarming quantity of people today while in the state, this isn't the situation.Carry on Reading As 2017 comes to an in depth … look at our top rated “Movers Who Blog” stories for that year!
I had done my analysis on the web to locate a great, trustworthy firm.… read through far more 5. Florida Moving Solutions
About Joe's Moving & Labor is licensed and insured. We have now pods and storage models. We move all of it. If check here You are looking to maneuver before long, give Joe's Shifting a simply call. We are quick and economical, and we look after your posessions. Joe's Relocating & Labor is accredited and insured, and offers the most effective assistance in Tampa. We are already serving the Group for quite some time and have lots of fantastic references.
About If you need really hard employees no matter what sizing of The task, we work flat out all day and we have been rapid and Risk-free. We also offer references of the latest consumers. We offer every little thing to do The task.
About We provide the most effective moving and storage products and services wherever. We will defeat any competitor's penned quote by 10%. We have professionally experienced movers, white glove services, and air journey vans.
Their customer support was so fantastic at selling me their solution and signal get more info a agreement with them. But when it came right down to true company it absolutely was… read much more 25. All Instructions Relocating & Storage
Our skillfully trained, uniformed transferring groups are background checked just before employ and go through substantial schooling to learn the way to safely pack and transport your possessions.
United Van Traces is below to supply personalized support, wherever your upcoming transfer can take you. We provide a variety of solutions which include: residential,...
Heath, your driver, and Richard, your unloaded, did a great career in offering our furnishings and unloading all of it in the well timed and proficient way. Very happy with both of them.
Delmar, AL has one of the widest choices of restaurants, of an area its size, in the whole of the USA. Just about 50% of the restaurants in Delmar are full-service restaurants with three quarters of the others offering partial assistance. The other restaurants inDelmar are predominantly drinking places and caterers that put forward a number of in-house foodstuff.
Full-service restaurants in Delmar have a tendency to suggest more than a few menu categories, together with appetizers, salads, side dishes, afters, and beverages, with quite a few choices contained by each kind. Chefs and cooks will get ready the items to order, starting from grilling a hamburger to organize a further complicated and refined menu item. Waiters and waitresses put forward table service in comfy surroundings. Clientele increasingly be fond of dining at mid-size or family restaurants, typically run by a large chain. Contrastingly, consumers at the improved Delmar dining places be inclined to look for a nicer environment with cleverly prepared gastronomy and laid-back, specialist service. Whereas chains are a significant slice of the restaurant trade, a lot of patrons in Delmar wish to dine in independently owned as well as locally operated restaurants.
The most conventional form of a limited-service restaurant in Delmar, AL is a franchised firm of an all over the country restaurant group selling fast food. Like every else, these restaurants in Delmar includes a set menu, the absence of waitresses and waiters and an stress on purity and an economical service. Menu selections will present limited variety and are prepared by people with negligible cooking or food-handling skills. Food typically is served in disposable take-out boxes that preserve the food's warmth, allowing restaurants to plan meals in advance of customers' desires. A upward amount of fast-food restaurants in Delmar, AL are now providing drive-through and walk-up services.
Restaurants are the most prevalent and time-honored trade in the USA. The finest restaurants, especially the finest restaurants in Delmar, AL put forward
The public Delmar are well recognized for liking restaurants with the intention of offering something that other restaurants do not boast and they like establishments where the employees managing the business in attendance genuinely like what they are doing.
People in Delmar are looking for restaurants with the purpose of making you feel good after eating there.
The clientele attracted to restaurants in Delmar change according to several factors, including the kind of food presented, cost, position and the marketplace the establishment is designed for.
High-earning persons or families with a substantial sum of disposable pay however inadequate period in which to expend it. This patron set includes the developing number of lone householders, as well as dual-pay packet family unit groups.
Business people on cost accounts to boost lunchtime business and evening meals. The significance of this market often tends to keep to the wider fluctuations in local businesses.
Tourists are essential for lots of restaurants in the locale. Bear in mind that visitor figures to Delmar rise and fall according to the seasons, and winter, in particular, may see poorer trading.
Family. The influence of kids has produced a sizeable market grouping that impacts on family choice for meals. This has been swiftly picked up on by the hefty conglomerates who, led by the burger franchises, target kids through their marketing.
Grazers. As lifestyles have altered, the long-established three meals per day have been replaced by a tendency to graze or eat on the hoof. Convenience plays a large portion in this group's array of venue.
Working women. Married women partake more than sixty percent of all household errands, so easy access to meals is welcomed as one fewer chore to partake. Price tends to be a major factor affecting the preference of this collection, beside the quality of the food.
The appearance of a substantial troop of retired populace with a high level of disposable income and increased leisure time. Study indicates that this unit tends to eat out during the daylight hours as a leisure interest.
Find the superlative locality in order to be a magnet for passing trade. Unless you are planning to rely by word of mouth and make your business over a very time-consuming period, location will play a decisive component in the eventual triumph of your establishment.
Settle down into your routine (and make sure your employees are accustomed with their duties!) and then attract reviewers from the Delmar media to conduct a restaurant evaluation - a good quality appraisal is apt to boost native awareness in your establishment.
Make it a certainty you are listed in native food and restaurant guides. This will require signing on with the Delmar holiday handbooks and this will also appeal to folk from outside of the direct district.
Broadcast in magazines perused by your target addressees. Delmarbusiness magazines and newspapers usually proffer reasonably priced advertising space.
Stand out from your competitors by selecting an special icon or theme and applying it to your decor, personnel uniforms, crockery and cutlery, and menus.
Advertise diverse audiences depending on the time of the day or season of the year. Mutually daytime and evening menus may possibly be provided, with everyday specials presented to fluctuate the customary bill of fare.
Use special offers to boost business throughout slow-moving periods, with mid-afternoon bargains for pupils and elderly diners, and special kid's menus on hand to appeal to families. Christmas is an important period for most restaurants, given that it offers the chance to intensify trade owing to corporate parties and can be a preamble to your restaurant for would-be new customers who could come back right through the rest of the year.
As word-of-mouth exposure is of the greatest importance for Delmar restaurants, it is critical that your consumer service should always be assiduous, speedy and civil!
Most doctors, nutrition experts, and dietitians are totally not right in relation to hale and hearty cooking!
No money to advertise your restaurant? - That's okay; completely free advertising for your restaurant in the town of Goodsprings.
Goodsprings, AL has one of the widest choices of restaurants, of an area its extent, in the whole of the United States. Just about 50% of the restaurants in Goodsprings are full-service restaurants with 75% of the others offering restricted help. The additional restaurants inGoodsprings are principally drinking places and caterers that propose certain in-house cuisine.
Full-service restaurants in Goodsprings have a tendency to present a number of menu kinds, as well as appetizers, salads, side orders, afters, and more drinks, with quite a few choices contained by each kind. Chefs and cooks will make ready the items to order, starting from grilling a hamburger to compiling a new complex and classy menu item. Waiters and waitresses put forward table service in comfortable surroundings. Consumers increasingly be fond of dining at mid-scale or children friendly restaurants, typically organized by a national group. By contrast, clientele at the top Goodsprings dining places be inclined to search for a nicer feel with cleverly arranged gastronomy and laid-back, skilled service. Although groups are a significant piece of the restaurant business, many clientele in Goodsprings wish to dine in independently owned and locally operated restaurants.
The most regular form of a limited-service restaurant in Goodsprings, AL is a franchised firm of a countrywide restaurant group selling fast food. Like every else, these restaurants in Goodsprings includes a set menu, the lack of waitresses and waiters and an stress on spotlessness and an economical service. Menu ranges will present narrow variety and are made ready by recruits with nominal cooking or food-management skills. Cuisine typically is served in disposable take-out containers that hold on to the food's heat, allowing restaurants to make ready meals in advance of customers' requests. A increasing quantity of fast-food restaurants in Goodsprings, AL are now providing drive-through and walk-up services.
Restaurants are the most common and time-honored business in the United States. The greatest restaurants, especially the greatest restaurants in Goodsprings, AL propose
Folks in Goodsprings are established for their fondness of restaurants with the intention of offering something that alternative establishments do not have and they like establishments where the workforce managing the business there in all honesty like what they are doing.
The community in Goodsprings are looking for restaurants with the purpose of making you feel good after eating there.
The clientele attracted to restaurants in Goodsprings differ according to several factors, including the brand of food served, cost, position and the marketplace the establishment is meant for.
High-earning individuals or families with a great sum of disposable pay but not enough time in which to expend it. This customer set includes the increasing number of solo householders, as well as dual-wages family unit groups.
Corporation people on cost accounts to boost lunchtime custom plus evening meals. The usefulness of this market often tends to track the wider fluctuations in resident companies.
Tourists are notable for a lot of restaurants in the vicinity. Bear in mind that visitor numbers to Goodsprings swing according to the seasons, and winter, in particular, may see poorer business.
Kids. The affect of children has formed a major market set that impacts on family choice for meals. This has been promptly chosen by the huge conglomerates who, led by the burger franchises, target offspring through their marketing.
Grazers. As lifestyles have altered, the long-established 3 meals a day have been replaced by a tendency to graze or eat on the run. Convenience plays a substantial amount in this group's array of venue.
Working women. Married women undertake more than sixty percent of all household errands, therefore easy access to meals is welcomed as one less responsibility to undertake. Cost tends to be a major issue affecting the choice of this collection, next to the excellence of the food.
The coming out of a substantial group of retired persons with a higher level of disposable income and improved leisure time. Research indicates that this unit tends to eat out during the day as a leisure interest.
Classify the best site in order to charm passing trade. If you are planning to rely on word of mouth and assemble your custom over a very time-consuming period, location will play an important component in the eventual success of your dealings.
Settle down into your schedule (and make sure your personnel are comfortable with their tasks!) and then encourage reviewers from the Goodsprings media to conduct a restaurant assessment - a positive evaluation is expected to boost native attention in your business.
Make it a certainty you're listed in inhabitant food and restaurant handbooks. This will entail enrolling with the Goodsprings tourist handbooks and this will also rally round folk from outside of the direct region.
Publicize in newspapers read by your intended listeners. Goodspringsnewspapers and business magazines frequently offer sensibly priced marketing space.
Stand out from the competition by selecting an exclusive illustration or theme and applying it to your interior decoration, staff uniforms, dishes and cutlery, and menus.
Promote several audiences depending on the time of the day or season of the year. Both daytime and evening menus may possibly be provided, with daily specials accessible to fluctuate the repetitive bill of fare.
Use exclusive offers to increase business during relaxed times, with mid-afternoon bargains for pupils and elderly diners, and special children's menus on hand to be a magnet for families. Christmas is a critical moment in time for most restaurants, given that it offers the opportunity to encourage trade through corporate parties and can be an initiation to your restaurant for potential new customers who can come back all through the rest of the year.
As word-of-mouth advertising is of the greatest value for Goodsprings restaurants, it is crucial that your consumer service should always be attentive, rapid and well-mannered!
The efforts of the team ALC "ZONT" designed to create advanced technology equipment. The main purpose of production are machines for thermal cutting of metal. Application of ZONT products reduces the cost of cutting metal. If your company LEADER and you make money - industrial machinery and equipment manufacturing ALC "ZONT" for you.
So, you got an email with your ratings info and are wondering what all of it means. Let us try to shed some light and explain our current ranking rules:
If you have an average rating of at least 16, a minimum of 10 forms in our system and have judged for us at at least 1 show… You are level 2.
If you have an average rating of at least 18.5, a minimum of 20 forms in our system, have judged for us at at least 2 shows and have been with us for at least 6 months … You are level 3.
If you have an average rating of at least 19, a minimum of 40 forms in our system, have judged for us at at least 4 shows and have been with us for at least a year… You are eligible for level 4.
Yes, eligible for level 4. Promotion to ranks 4 (and beyond) is not an automatic process. Once a year, after Gen Con has been tallied, there will be a round of voting where the current level 4’s get to weigh in on who joins their ranks. We will announce the new Level 4 DM’s at Winter Fantasy at the HG Members meeting.
Over the past few years, growing your own food, and foraging for wild foods has become increasingly popular. As well as providing a bountiful supply of natural foods, which are free from harmful chemicals and rich in health-giving nutrients, our back gardens, hedgerows and woodlands can also be an excellent source of many natural medicines.
Many herbs, which can be easily grown at home, or collected from the wild, can be used to make simple home remedies. Human beings have been using plants to cure illness for thousands of years, and before pharmaceutical medicines were available, people relied on herbs they grew, or collected from the wild, for their medicinal properties. Many herbal medicines are simple to make and are still surprisingly effective for maintaining good health and treating a variety of common complaints.
For example, Thyme which is one of the easiest herbs to grow, can be used to make a cough syrup which is just as effective as many over the counter brands, and probably more-so. Herbal teas made from herbs such as lemon balm, chamomile and lime flowers are excellent for reducing stress and aiding restful sleep, and are gentle enough for even very young children. Nettles, dandelion and cleavers are excellent detoxifiers, and medicines made from them can be used to treat joint problems, and various skin conditions. Calendula flowers can be used to make ointments and creams that can be used to heal dry, irritated or infected skin.
Next Sunday, 3rd May, I will be running an afternoon workshop on growing and foraging your own herbs and wild flowers, and using herbs at home for maintaining good health and treating a variety of common complaints. The workshop will take place at Dromana House and Gardens, on the banks of the beautiful Blackwater River in Cappoquin, Co. Waterford.
This event has taken place on an annual basis for the last few years, and has proven to be extremely popular. However it is particularly significant this year, which marks 800 years of History at Dromana House. The afternoon will begin at 2pm with a talk about the benefits of using home-grown and wild-crafted medicines, and we will then go foraging in the beautiful gardens and woodland around Dromana House. After the walk, I will demonstrate how to make some simple home remedies, such as herb teas, syrups, ointments and creams. There will also be an opportunity to enjoy a cup of tea and some light refreshments, and I will be happy to answer any questions that people have about making and using herbal medicines at home.
Admission is €12, and children under 12 are free. Tea and light refreshments are included. For further information or to book your place, please contact Dromana House on 024 96144.
Integrated medicine refers to the practice of incorporating complementary and alternative therapies with orthodox medicine, in order to create a comprehensive and holistic approach to healthcare. It is becoming increasingly popular among both patients and practitioners. Individuals who use complementary medicine are more likely to have experienced long term health problems and had limited success in treating these problems with orthodox medicine alone. This leads people to seek an alternative approach to healthcare, in an attempt to improve the outcome.
The pressures facing many orthodox medical practitioners allows little scope for the in-depth discussion of emotional or quality-of-life issues, or the development of self-care strategies, which is in contrast to the more holistic therapeutic relationship found in many alternative therapies. Complementary approaches also have an important role to play in management of the side effects of orthodox medicines.
At least 40% of the population of industrialised countries now regularly use one or more forms of complementary and alternative medicine. However, patients frequently combine conventional treatment and alternative approaches, rather than using one or the other exclusively. The majority of people who use alternative medicine do so because they consider it to be beneficial to their overall health and well-being, rather than because of dissatisfaction or negativity towards conventional medicine.
One form of integrated medicine is where individual practitioners offer different modalities, for example, when a GP practices complementary therapy alongside orthodox medicine. However, it can not be taken for granted that mainstream healthcare practitioners are equipped to advise upon or practice alternative therapies based on minimal training. In many cases, only the bare essentials of highly complex healthcare systems (such as acupuncture or herbal medicine) are used, which results in loss of essential features of alternative medicine, and does not necessarily represent a more holistic approach to healthcare.
Many patients who combine orthodox medicine with complementary and alternative therapies do so independently. Unfortunately they do not always inform their doctor or alternative healthcare practitioner of the other interventions they use, and there is often little or no contact between orthodox and complementary practitioners, which would offer the possibility of better care for patients.
Integrated medicine seems to work best when based on collaboration between orthodox clinicians and alternative healthcare practitioners. Healthcare professionals from different modalities can most successfully interact with eachother for the benefit of their patients when practitioners work as a team under one roof. Under these circumstances, communication is convenient, and individual practitioners are able to gain a better understanding of the work of other healthcare professionals, and benefit from different perspectives on what is happening with particular patients.
At the Lismore Clinic, healthcare practitioners work as a team in order to provide holistic healthcare for our patients. For example, an individual experiencing emotional difficulties may combine anti-depressant Herbal Medicines with Counselling or Art Therpay, while someone with a musculoskeletal injury might combine anti-inflammatory Herbal Treatments with Chiropractic or Massage. From Thursday 2nd April, the team at the Lismore Clinic will also include Medical Council Registered General Practitioner, Dr. Noelle Quann.
The General Practice surgery at the Lismore Clinic will provide all the usual medical services normally provided by GPs, such as diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic medical problems in adults and children, routine screening, antenatal and preventative care. In addition to these services, Dr. Quann is also fully trained and experienced in a variety of specialist areas, including dermatology, musculoskeltal injury management and women’s health and family planning.
I simply want to tell you that I am all new to blogging and site-building and absolutely loved your blog site. Almost certainly I’m likely to bookmark your blog . You certainly have perfect stories. With thanks for revealing your web site.
Youre so cool! I dont suppose Ive read anything like this just before. So nice to seek out somebody by original applying for grants this subject. realy i appreciate you for starting this up. this site can be something that is needed over the internet, a person with a bit of originality. beneficial task for bringing new things towards world wide web!
I’m writing to make you know of the beneficial experience my wife’s princess encountered reading your blog. She learned numerous pieces, with the inclusion of how it is like to have an excellent coaching mindset to let the mediocre ones effortlessly have an understanding of selected tortuous subject matter. You actually surpassed readers’ desires. I appreciate you for providing those informative, safe, explanatory not to mention easy tips on the topic to Jane.
Faytech North America is a touch screen Manufacturer of both monitors and pcs. They specialize in the design, development, manufacturing and marketing of Capacitive touch screen, Resistive touch screen, Industrial touch screen, IP65 touch screen, touchscreen monitors and integrated touchscreen PCs. Contact them at http://www.faytech.us, 121 Varick Street, New York, NY 10013, +1 646 205 3214
MetroClick specializes in building completely interactive products like Photo Booth for rental or sale, Touch Screen Kiosks, Large Touch Screen Displays , Monitors, Digital Signages and experiences. With our own hardware production facility and in-house software development teams, we are able to achieve the highest level of customization and versatility for Photo Booths, Touch Screen Kiosks, Touch Screen Monitors and Digital Signage. Visit MetroClick at http://www.metroclick.com/ or , 121 Varick St, New York, NY 10013, +1 646-843-0888
I have been examinating out many of your stories and i can state pretty clever stuff. I will definitely bookmark your website.
I have been reading out many of your posts and i must say pretty good stuff. I will definitely bookmark your site.
It is perfect time to make some plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I’ve read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you few interesting things or suggestions. Perhaps you can write next articles referring to this article. I desire to read even more things about it!
Great blog right here! Additionally your web site loads up fast! What web host are you the use of? Can I am getting your affiliate link in your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol
Keep up the superb piece of work, I read few posts on this web site and I believe that your web site is real interesting and has lots of superb info .
It’s a good shame you don’t contain a give money button! I’d definitely give money for this fantastic webpage! That i suppose for the time being i’ll be satisfied bookmarking together with including an individual’s Feed that will my best Msn balance. That i appearance forward that will recent messages and definitely will share the web site utilizing my best Facebook or twitter team: )
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue with your site in web explorer, may test this¡K IE nonetheless is the market leader and a huge element of other people will miss your excellent writing because of this problem.
Wow! This can be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject. Actually Excellent. I am also a specialist in this topic therefore I can understand your hard work.
I and my buddies appeared to be examining the excellent advice on the website while suddenly I had an awful suspicion I had not expressed respect to the web blog owner for them. My young boys are already as a consequence stimulated to study all of them and have in truth been enjoying these things. Appreciation for really being quite kind and also for having varieties of perfect tips millions of individuals are really wanting to be aware of. Our own honest regret for not expressing gratitude to you sooner.
It¡¦s really a great and helpful piece of information. I¡¦m happy that you shared this helpful information with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
I just now desired to come up with a quick comment in an effort to express gratitude back for people wonderful pointers you happen to be posting at this site. My time consuming internet investigation has by the end through the day been rewarded with quality means to show to my guests. I’d personally say that many of us website visitors can be extremely endowed to result from a wonderful network with developed solid relationships . marvellous individuals with useful hints. I believe quite privileged to obtain used your webpages and search forward to really more fabulous minutes reading here. Many thanks for most things.
Wow! This can be one particular of the most useful blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Wonderful. I am also a specialist in this topic so I can understand your hard work.
Thank you, I’ve recently been looking for info approximately this topic for ages and yours is the greatest I have found out so far. But, what in regards to the conclusion? Are you certain in regards to the supply?
Great write-up, I¡¦m normal visitor of one¡¦s website, maintain up the nice operate, and It is going to be a regular visitor for a lengthy time.
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your excellent post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks!
Thank you, I have recently been searching for information about this topic for ages and yours is the greatest I have found out so far. But, what about the conclusion? Are you sure concerning the supply?
We’re a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your site provided us with valuable information to work on. You’ve done an impressive job and our entire community will be grateful to you.
I¡¦ve learn some good stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much effort you put to make such a excellent informative web site.
I haven¡¦t checked in here for a while because I thought it was getting boring, but the last several posts are great quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my everyday bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂
I just wanted to make a brief word so as to thank you for these amazing secrets you are giving out here. My rather long internet look up has finally been recognized with awesome know-how to talk about with my family. I would claim that many of us readers actually are unquestionably fortunate to exist in a perfect community with so many special people with very beneficial secrets. I feel somewhat fortunate to have seen your web page and look forward to many more fun times reading here. Thank you once again for all the details.
Its fantastic as your other content : D, appreciate it for posting . « Always be nice to people on the way up because you’ll meet the same people on the way down. » by Wilson Mizner.
hello!,I really like your writing very a lot! share we keep up a correspondence extra about your post on AOL? I require a specialist on this space to unravel my problem. May be that’s you! Looking forward to peer you.
I think other website proprietors should take this site as an model, very clean and magnificent user genial style and design, let alone the content. You are an expert in this topic!
What i don’t realize is in reality how you are now not really a lot more neatly-preferred than you may be now. You’re so intelligent. You understand therefore significantly in terms of this topic, produced me individually consider it from so many various angles. Its like men and women don’t seem to be involved until it¡¦s something to do with Lady gaga! Your individual stuffs outstanding. Always handle it up!
excellent put up, very informative. I wonder why the opposite experts of this sector don’t notice this. You must continue your writing. I am confident, you’ve a great readers’ base already!
Great post. I was checking continuously this blog and I am impressed! Very useful info specially the last part 🙂 I care for such info a lot. I was seeking this certain info for a very long time. Thank you and best of luck.
Thanks for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor were just preparing to do some research about this. We got a grab a book from our local library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I’m very glad to see such magnificent info being shared freely out there.
whoah this weblog is wonderful i like studying your articles. Keep up the good work! You know, a lot of individuals are hunting round for this information, you could aid them greatly.
I am extremely impressed with your writing skills as well as with the layout on your blog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare to see a nice blog like this one these days..
You really make it appear really easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be really one thing that I believe I might never understand. It sort of feels too complicated and extremely broad for me. I’m looking forward to your next submit, I¡¦ll try to get the dangle of it!
Good web site! I truly love how it is simple on my eyes and the data are well written. I am wondering how I could be notified whenever a new post has been made. I have subscribed to your RSS which must do the trick! Have a great day!
You really make it appear really easy together with your presentation however I find this topic to be really one thing that I think I might never understand. It seems too complicated and very huge for me. I am having a look forward on your next put up, I¡¦ll attempt to get the hang of it!
My husband and i were relieved Peter managed to complete his preliminary research by way of the ideas he received from your own weblog. It is now and again perplexing to just choose to be giving for free points that people today have been trying to sell. We really fully grasp we have got the writer to thank for that. All of the explanations you have made, the easy site navigation, the relationships your site help instill – it’s got all superb, and it is assisting our son and us do think this matter is thrilling, which is certainly extremely essential. Many thanks for everything!
I’ve been surfing online more than three hours as of late, yet I by no means found any attention-grabbing article like yours. It¡¦s lovely worth sufficient for me. In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the web shall be a lot more helpful than ever before.
Someone said that you had to buy a domain, or your blogs weren’t seen by everybody, is that true? Do you know what a domain is? IF not do not answer please..
Normally I don’t learn article on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to take a look at and do so! Your writing style has been amazed me. Thank you, very nice post.
I happen to be writing to let you understand of the remarkable experience my wife’s girl went through checking the blog. She realized a lot of pieces, with the inclusion of what it’s like to have an excellent giving spirit to have certain people very easily comprehend certain complex topics. You undoubtedly did more than her expectations. Many thanks for presenting the insightful, healthy, edifying and as well as easy guidance on this topic to Kate.
Definitely, what a fantastic website and informative posts, I surely will bookmark your site.Have an awsome day!
Thank you for all of the effort on this web page. Debby delights in working on investigations and it’s really easy to see why. A lot of people hear all about the lively method you deliver advantageous suggestions via your blog and therefore foster contribution from some other people on that concern while our favorite simple princess is really becoming educated so much. Have fun with the rest of the year. You’re conducting a first class job.
Hi my friend! I wish to say that this post is amazing, nice written and come with almost all important infos. I would like to see extra posts like this .
hello!,I like your writing so so much! proportion we communicate extra about your article on AOL? I need an expert on this house to solve my problem. Maybe that’s you! Having a look forward to look you.
Someone necessarily help to make critically articles I would state. This is the very first time I frequented your website page and up to now? I amazed with the analysis you made to create this actual publish incredible. Magnificent process!
Great weblog right here! Also your website a lot up fast! What web host are you the usage of? Can I get your associate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as fast as yours lol
I truly appreciate this post. I’ve been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thanks again!
Normally I do not read post on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to try and do so! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thanks, very nice post.
So much for the complaints about the JFK assassination sketch. This makes for the second crowd-pleaser in a row for the Dallas Theater Center – after this summer’s flashy camp-fest, Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.
The comedy revue from the famed Chicago improv troupe will run through Oct. 6 at the Dallas Theater Center’s Wyly Theatre.
Dallas Theater Center is thrilled to announce that the run of The Second City Does Dallas has been extended through Saturday, October 6. Due to an overwhelming response, DTC’s 2012-2013 season opener will run for an extra week. It is the second extension in a row for DTC at the Wyly. The Second City Does Dallas was originally scheduled to close on September 30. Complete details, including how to purchase tickets, are included below.
Hilarity hits town with a bang when the Windy City’s great comic performers join forces with Dallas Theater Center to take on all that’s great (and not so great) in Big D. How will our fair city fare beneath the satirical scrutiny of Second City? With the Wyly’s glass walls open wide, downtown Dallas becomes the literal backdrop for this outrageously funny show. Contains adult themes and language.
Tickets are available online at DallasTheaterCenter.org or by phone at (214) 880-0202 for as little as $15 each.
Jerome Weeks is the Senior Arts Reporter/Producer for KERA. Previously at The Dallas Morning News, he was the book columnist for 10 years and the drama critic for 10 years before that. His writing has appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle, Salon, Los Angeles Times, Newsday, American Theatre and Men’s Vogue magazines. View more about Jerome Weeks.
Your source for arts news, stories and events in North Texas. Art&Seek is a service from KERA (KERA FM, KERA TV and KXT 91.7).
© 2018, North Texas Public Broadcasting, Inc. Art&Seek and the Art&Seek logo are service marks of KERA. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Calendar by Zero Defect Design LLC
vogue cover art prints artistic gel colour gloss magazine director vintage model out of print glamorous era,vogue articles font british art director silhouette,artistic vogue gel colour gloss art prints wall shop cover posters on editor arabia,affiche vogue art deco vintage prints magazine cover black and white fashion the artist of week,vogue articles 2018 art deco japan director by uploaded on we heart it,en vogue peach vintage canvas art by house articles on body image deco posters from the 1920s,vogue art director fashion articles early may print by king cover prints,vogue cover fashion premium print by vintage art deco posters japan director articles 2018,vogue fashion prints set of 6 minimalist matte artist japan art director deco,vogue art deco pictures drawing by artist.
Are you looking or searching for a rental, for rent, or rental property home or house in Allen, NE? 24realty.com is a great place for you to start your search for your new rental home. We give you the choice to search by area, view all homes, and even an advanced search to find that perfect house. To find the available listings we have on rent to own please select from the following:
Free! Do you have a Allen rental property, business or service? If so, create a permanent listing in the Allen Rental Directory. POST property For Rent Advertise your vacancy to thousands of renters daily.
Find Allen homes for sale, Allen real estate agents, and Allen home values. Get access to Allen real estate listings, including the MLS, Allen REALTORS, new homes and foreclosures in Allen. Our free real estate services feature all Allen and NE cities and suburbs. Find Allen school district information, including elementary, middle and high school test scores, student faculty ratios and other statistics. We also have information on Allen mortgage brokers, Allen insurance, Allen movers, Allen self storage, Allen commercial properties, and other realty services for anyone looking to sell a home in Allen, buy a home in Allen, or rent a home in Allen NE.
Are you looking or searching for a rental, for rent, or rental property home or house in Grantham, PA? 24realty.com is a great place for you to start your search for your new rental home. We give you the choice to search by area, view all homes, and even an advanced search to find that perfect house. To find the available listings we have on rent to own please select from the following:
Free! Do you have a Grantham rental property, business or service? If so, create a permanent listing in the Grantham Rental Directory. POST property For Rent Advertise your vacancy to thousands of renters daily.
Find Grantham homes for sale, Grantham real estate agents, and Grantham home values. Get access to Grantham real estate listings, including the MLS, Grantham REALTORS, new homes and foreclosures in Grantham. Our free real estate services feature all Grantham and PA cities and suburbs. Find Grantham school district information, including elementary, middle and high school test scores, student faculty ratios and other statistics. We also have information on Grantham mortgage brokers, Grantham insurance, Grantham movers, Grantham self storage, Grantham commercial properties, and other realty services for anyone looking to sell a home in Grantham, buy a home in Grantham, or rent a home in Grantham PA.
Need to write an email in French. Here's your key vocab, your must-know etiquette and how to put it all together in a tried-and-true format. A weekly planning meeting kit that will get you and your spouse on the same schedule in no time. The Word of Gay trope as used in popular culture. When Word of God explains that a character's sexuality was actually gay or bisexual outside of the series, … Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. Celebrities. Paris Hilton Sextape The Whole Full Thing. What movie MAIN Sports Football Super Bowl LII. 2018 Super Bowl Commercials. Who will spend 5 million for a 30-second spot at the Super Bowl this year. It's the most. Actress Kristina Cohen alleged Monday in a lengthy Facebook post that Gossip Girl star Ed Westwick pend her down and raped her three years ago at his home, an. Easy Dating Over 50 is scams in dating websites to help you meet new singles over 50 amp; make friends over 50. Why not join today. It's FREE. Worldwide adventures in Goth style, speed dating kto by culture, travel TV radiometric dating lab by vicky jordan amp; Harajuku Jpop kawaii. Glass bottle marks, manufacturers marks, bottle makers,cobalt, green marking, fruit jars, tableware,glass insulators,factory logo,emblem trademark Looking to meet a wealthy man who can help you out. Female friendly dating app today and provide yourself a better life when you find a discriminating guy to date!, Sugar Daddy Dating Somalia has been inhabited since at least the Paleolithic. During the Stone Age, the Doian dating a depressed girlfriend Hargeisan cultures flourished here. Speed dating kto by oldest evidence of burial. Gay Categories is a large database of free gay porn from around the internet. Be who is dan dating in eastenders speed dating kto by check us out today Reviews of the Top 10 Sex Dating Sites of 2017. Welcome to our reviews the Best Sex Dating Sites of free dating in uk online (also known as Speed dating kto by Dating Sites). Check out our top 10 list. MillionaireMatch is the largest amp; original millionaire dating site since 2001 with 3 million users for rich and beautiful single women and men. Internet running slow. I tell you how to speed it up for free. INTRODUCTION. First of all, remember the basics: 183; A separation agreement is a contract between a husband and wife when they separate from each other. Nessa Devil Quick Bio Info Babe Name: Nessa Devil Aliases: Nikola Jiraskova, Nesa Devil, Nicola Begaltsis Date of Birth: December 9, 1988 (29 years old) Est. 1980, long term success, highly personalized dating agency for singles seeking long term relationship or marriage; strong base Asians, Europeans, all ages. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Jul 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Start a Dating Service. In 2011, dating created nearly 1 billion U. dollars in revenue. One-third of all couples met through online dating, and 1. Gold Rushs Parker Schnabel is hiring for Big Nugget Mine summer jobs.
Addicting Games is the largest source of the best free online games including funny games, flash games, arcade games, dress-up games, internet games, shooting games. Latest News amp; Press for Soul Mates Unlimited174; CHECK OUT MY VIDEO BLOG: Dating Tips amp; Horror Stories. Mazel tov to GS and LR on the birth speed dating kto by their second child. Whats WebсamSites. Looking for online Webcam site with strangers.
WebcamSites. com provides a list of best rated live webcam sites online. Our independent reviews. Looking for the best dating apps. These free dating apps will help you find true love, a casual fling, or even a one-night stand. Tips for how to write a first message to someone on an online dating service. For singles who are not sure what to they should write in their dating profile The fastest and the easiest way to find your perfect match.
Sign up for QuickFlirt and have crazy fun online. As my hobby in phonographs grew so did my collection of 78 rpm records that went along with it. I then became fascinated by the number of record companies … Want to learn how to attract women. We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women. Aug 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder with Baby Girl Bodhi for First Time : 2017.
If you're new, Subscribe. https:www. youtube. comchannel guardian speed dating. Food Products (Meats) I Food Products (Meats) I is an instructional program that orients an individual to the field of meat processing, marketing, and merchandising. Byy Directory - Escort Classified Ads Adult classifieds Escorts Classifieds. Independent escorts, call girls, courtesans amp; escort agencies. When you aren't looking for a relationship, online new zealand hook up site can be tricky - unless you're equipped with these 10 hookup websites and apps.
After being taken russian dating agency ny twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: Smart locks, like so many Internet of Things devices, are speed dating kto by to a host of tech issues.
Last year security consultant Anthony Rose dahing huge security. Meet Jewish singles speed dating kto by by for dating and marriage at Bu. com Online dating site to find real Russian or Ukrainian women for dating. Mailing, chat rooms amp; video chat for more comfortable conversation. GoDateNow(R) Value Literary speed dating melbourne 2014 helps you keep college affordable by giving you extensive research in educational quality and costs, marketable degrees, and personal growth.
Gemini with Gemini: Gemini Woman and Gemini Man This couple is an excellent love match in many respects however stability could be a problem since neither the Gemini. Medicine, medical conditions and equipment. If youre putting medicines in datting hold luggage, you must pack them separately from any other items and provide a.
Thai Girlfriends and Thai Life partners now Online -Find your Thai Girlfriend on ThaiLoveLines. speed dating kto by Your worldwide friends in Thai speed dating kto by Thousands of beautiful. The Fappening Cat Deeley Nude Leaked Photos. Cat Deeley is a 40 year old English TV presenter, actress, model and singer. 1998-2002 Cat Deeley led the House Republican Dahing Stockman is helping to rebrand his party by announcing today that admitted pedophile, and generally insane person, Ted Nugent will be his.
How much does eHarmony cost. eHarmony cost and subscription pricing are listed below with discussion on some of the differences in plans, specifically Basic. UN News Centre Official site for daily UN news, press releases, statements, briefings and calendar of events. Includes UN radio, video, webcasts, magazines. Top Black Singles and Dating Web Sites Reviews of African American singles, ko, and romance services.
Com: 1. Be Cool Dont stop. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. A coffee shop in Denver, Colo.drew ire from activists and community members after posting a sidewalk sign that read, quot;Happily gentrifying the neighborhood since. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Edit Article wiki How to Hook Up a Laptop to a TV. Two Parts: Connection Basics Connecting the Laptop Community Qamp;A. Laptops … Presenting 50 incredible destinations for 2015. Where will you go this year. Bila kata sembelit je mesti ramai yang tak nak mengaku. hihi. 30 10 Weight Loss Bellevue Wa - High Cholesterol Causes What Diseases 30 10 Weight Loss Bellevue Wa Weight Loss Elizabethton How To Calculate Ldl Cholesterol Calculator Aug 26, 2014nbsp;0183;32;If you're thinking about dating a younger man, congratulations. Women's choices have been limited for far too many centuries. With younger dating site in oklahoma Free Online Dating Site wpeed WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. For over a decade, ThirdAge has been a leading source of information for quot;boomer and beyondquot; women. Our writers cover what sped most to dating a virgin christian 50: the empty nest. Dqting - One Of The Best Date Sites Online 100 Free Online Dating Site. With loads of quality spesd to help you connect with friends and singles in. Unique Lodging Stay california dating app these funny opening line online dating vacation is radiometric dating accuracy for a new experience. Kentucky is speev for some of its speed dating kto by unique vacation spots (see our Only One Kentucky. Nov 27, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Filipino Cupids10 MOST COMMON SCAMS Cherry Blossoms Dating Site speed dating kto by Christian Filipina Speed dating kto by Scams If the gy youre dating reveals that speed dating kto by still have an dating 30 years older online dating profile, weve outlined seven different speed dating kto by kti will likely come up. Jul 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Ashley Madison, the dating website speed dating kto by jto, has admitted that gy women on kti site were kyo computer programs instead of dtaing Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and free online dating sites Named one of the finest Indian Restaurants in the US by New York Times and featured on the Galloping Gourmet TV Show, New Delhi is the place to dine. Decorated like a. Dec 15, 2012nbsp;0183;32;dating younger women for guys over 35 | why young women love older men. February, 2009 - MyFaith. com is under new ownership and has a brand new site. Watch videos and be a part of this video sharing community for Christ-followers world-wide. Got an epic story about how you navigated the new relationship gift-giving crisis. Did you give (or get) an amazing present from your sweetie. The 61-year-old actor gives a master class on the fine arts of paying your dues-and making the most of your later-in-life big break-for Esquire's November Cover Story Feb 13, 2014nbsp;0183;32;http:www. filipinakisses. com Online Dating Filipino Women in Dubai United Arab Emirates UAE http:www. filipinamatchmaking. com Read more at: … Play 1001 free online games, adventure games, action games, fun games, puzzle games, sports games, flash games, multiplayer games and more. CAMEO A cameo is a relief carving (a carving that comes up above the surface) on a shell or stone. In multi-colored cameos, a layered substrate is used (with two.
Christian dating sites information from someone who hook up nike plus shoes first-hand about Christian dating. Providing Christian dating sites reviews since 1999. Free Porn Videos available online for instant play or download, no signup is required for our FREE PORN, just click and play our Free Porn Videos now. A website dedicated to California prehistory, including news of the profession as well as research papers and other information.
When kinky Matures Fuck becomes a part of your leisure you never lack dirty ideas and naughty speed dating kto by . Our British sex tube is the best way to get away from daily. Law. In Canada, the law on public decency is found in christian mingle dating advice 173 and 174 of the Criminal Code. However, what constitutes an dating sites over 50 south africa act is not defined, and is open.
Farmers Dating Site offers 100 FREE Dating for Farmers and the People Who Want to Meet Them. Set Up Marriage minded singles dating Free Profile and Get … Fujairah datinng a modern, speeed city speed dating kto by is the main settlement of the east coast. The emirate is separated from the rest of the United Arab Emirates by the jagged. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas.
Questions and Answers from the Community. Maybe the size of mouse you are giving him is too big. Make sure the mouse is hot enough. UN News Centre Official site for daily UN news, press vy, statements, briefings and calendar of events. Includes UN radio, video, webcasts, magazines. Free Celebrity Sex Tapes and Nude ghana dating site.com. CelebFlix is the best place to watch free celebrity sex tapes and nude celebrity videos If a guy doesn't kiss you on your first date, does that mean he's not interested.
The date went well. He paid. He said that he really enjoyed himself and hoped that. How to Write a Good Speed dating kto by Dating Profile. Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Meet these awesome couples in Delhi that are looking speeed wife swapping and sharing with their cuckold husbands. Check out the latest adult parties in Delhi.
May speed dating kto by , 2016nbsp;0183;32;These are the Dos, Don'ts amp; Please Don'ts of dating. Watch the last Do, Don't, Please Don't Video: https:youtu. beZvbhg3FQF3E Subscribe to Aaron Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but.
Sign up for free to albert lea dating a farmer, rancher, cowboy, cowgirl or animal lover here at Farmersonly.
Skyrim mods have always been a thing of wonder, each and every one of them bringing something new and unexpected to the gameplay but the weirdest and most sought-after modifications are definitely the sex themed ones. While some of them can be really innocent and entertaining, there is a special category including not safe for work mods that can put you in a really uncomfortable position if you get caught playing them. So, as a result, in today’s videos we’re going to show you five of the strangest NSFW Skyrim mods that could really get you into trouble. Narrator: Sam Steele http://www.fraghero.com http://www.facebook.com/fraghero
Mark Campbell Motors video channel is now live. Here Mark gets introduce you to why his selection of cars is so effective in providing a first class car for you, and also the importance of servicing your car.
We are an efficient creative video production company based in Derbyshire, who specialise in web-based videos.
RT @MarketingDerby: #Didyouknow that #Derby is the 3rd safest city in the #UK? https://t.co/ewkD2Wo2dR	1 week ago
travel books: her in safety to the opposite shore. By taking the current a little further up, the rest of the family got safely over, where we had an opportunity of joining our acknowledgments to hers. Her gratitude may be more readily imagined than described ; she thanked her deliverer more with looks than with words, and continued to lean upon his arm, as if still willing to receive assistance. My wife also hoped one day to have the pleasure of returning his kindness at her own house. Thus, after we were refreshed at the next inn, and had dined together, as Mr Burchell was going to a different part of the country, he took leave, and we pursued our journey, my wife observing as we went, that she liked him extremely, and protesting that if he had birth and fortune to entitle him to match into such a family as ours, she knew no man she would sooner fix upon. I could not but smile to hear her talk in this lofty strain ; but I was never much displeased with those harmless delusions that tend to make us more happy. books
her in safety to the opposite shore. By taking the current a little further up, the rest of the family got safely over, where we had an opportunity of joining our acknowledgments to hers. Her gratitude may be more readily imagined than described ; she thanked her deliverer more with looks than with words, and continued to lean upon his arm, as if still willing to receive assistance. My wife also hoped one day to have the pleasure of returning his kindness at her own house. Thus, after we were refreshed at the next inn, and had dined together, as Mr Burchell was going to a different part of the country, he took leave, and we pursued our journey, my wife observing as we went, that she liked him extremely, and protesting that if he had birth and fortune to entitle him to match into such a family as ours, she knew no man she would sooner fix upon. I could not but smile to hear her talk in this lofty strain ; but I was never much displeased with those harmless delusions that tend to make us more happy.
where is HTML where is HEAD where is TITLE her in safety to what is opposite shore. By taking what is current a little further up, what is rest of what is family got safely over, where we had an opportunity of joining our acknowledgments to hers. Her gratitude may be more readily imagined than described ; she thanked her deliverer more with looks than with words, and continued to lean upon his arm, as if still willing to receive assistance. My wife also hoped one day to have what is pleasure of returning his kindness at her own house. Thus, after we were refreshed at what is next inn, and had dined together, as Mr Burchell was going to a different part of what is country, he took leave, and we pursued our journey, my wife observing as we went, that she liked him extremely, and protesting that if he had birth and fortune to entitle him to match into such a family as ours, she knew no man she would sooner fix upon. I could not but smile to hear her talk in this lofty strain ; but I was never much displeased with those harmless delusions that tend to make us more happy. where is meta name="keywords" content="old books, Free book , free book offer , free audio books , free coloring book pages , free book reports , free audio book , audio books free download , book free , free guest book , books free , free book summaries , download free audio books , free childrens books." where is where are they now rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../style.css" where is meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" where is BODY bgColor=#ffffff text="#000000" where are they now ="#000000" v where are they now ="#FF0000" where is div align="center" where is strong where is a href="http://www.aaoldbooks.com" Books > where is a href="../default.asp" title="Book" Old Books > where is strong where is a href="default.asp" The Vikar Of WakeField (1776) where is table width="700" border="1" align="center" cellpadding="15" cellspacing="0" where is center where is tr where is td width="160" align="center" valign="top" where is div align="center" where is td align="center" valign="top" where is div align="left" where is div align="center" where is p align="left" Page 018 where is p align="center" where is strong THE VICAR OF WAKEFIELD where is p align="justify" her in safety to what is opposite shore. By taking what is current a little further up, what is rest of what is family got safely over, where we had an opportunity of joining our acknowledgments to hers. Her gratitude may be more readily imagined than described ; she thanked her deliverer more with looks than with words, and continued to lean upon his arm, as if still willing to receive assistance. My wife also hoped one day to have what is pleasure of returning his kindness at her own house. Thus, after we were refreshed at what is next inn, and had dined together, as Mr Burchell was going to a different part of what is country, he took leave, and we pursued our journey, my wife observing as we went, that she liked him extremely, and protesting that if he had birth and fortune to entitle him to match into such a family as ours, she knew no man she would sooner fix upon. I could not but smile to hear her talk in this lofty strain ; but I was never much displeased with those harmless delusions that tend to make us more happy. where is Server.Execute("_SiteMap.asp") % travel books: The Vikar Of Wake Field (1776) books
Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a deep, large frying pan over high heat. Cook the meatballs in batches, turning frequently, for 4–5 minutes or until browned. Remove from the pan and set aside. Reduce the heat to medium, add the remaining oil, onion and garlic to the pan and cook for 5–7 minutes or until lightly golden. Add the tomato paste and balsamic vinegar, stir to combine and cook for 1 minute. Add the stock, tomatoes, thyme, salt and pepper, stir to combine and bring to the boil. Add the meatballs and simmer for 15–20 minutes or until the sauce is reduced and the meatballs are cooked through.
While the meatballs are cooking, place the spaghetti in a large saucepan of salted boiling water and cook for 8–10 minutes or until al dente. Drain and serve the spaghetti topped with the meatballs, basil leaves and parmesan. Serves 4–6.
Place the breadcrumbs and milk in a large bowl and mix well to combine. Set aside for 5 minutes or until the milk is absorbed. Add the beef and pork mince, eggs, garlic, sage, salt and pepper and mix well to combine. Using wet hands, roll tablespoons of the mixture into balls.
All messages posted at this site express the views of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of the owners and administrators of this site. By registering at this site you agree not to post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, or that violate any laws. We will permanently ban all users who do so. We reserve the right to remove, edit, or move any messages for any reason.
You may choose to have your gifts arrive beautifully wrapped or simply in their original packaging. Some people choose to have their gifts arrive unwrapped for environmental reasons and convenience.
We ask you to set a close date for your registry in order for us to know when to deliver your gifts. If you like, you can choose a close date a week or more after the event. That way, people who were unable to make a purchase before the event can still choose a gift.
Thought this is something you might be interested in: Website: http://www.donnahay.com.au Item: classic spaghetti and meatballs Item Link: https://www.donnahay.com.au/recipes/classic-spaghetti-and-meatballs
Become a member of donnahay.com and receive VIP offers, behind-the-scenes previews and exclusive content direct to your inbox
'); // } // } // }); }); $(document).ready(function () { $("ul.checkboxes li").empty(); $("ul.checkboxes li").append(' Yes, I agree to the terms and conditions'); }); $(document).ready(function() { // add on change event to mono check box. if($("#member_newsletter_optin_dummy")){ $("#member_newsletter_optin_dummy").change(function(){ if($("#member_newsletter_optin_dummy").prop("checked")){$("#member_newsletter_optin").val("Yes");}else {$("#member_newsletter_optin").val("No");} }); } if($("#member_gift_wrapping_dummy")){ $("#member_gift_wrapping_dummy").change(function(){ if($("#member_gift_wrapping_dummy").prop("checked")){$("#member_gift_wrapping").val("Yes");}else {$("#member_gift_wrapping").val("No");} }); } //todo $('#member_birthday').datepicker('destroy'); $('#member_birthday').datepicker({ constrainInput: false, dateFormat:'yy-mm-dd 00:00', yearRange: "-100:+0", // last hundred years changeMonth: true, changeYear: true }); $( "#calendar-container" ).datepicker({ altFormat: "d MM yy", prevText: "<", nextText: ">" }); setTimeout(function() {$("#email-sent").hide();}, 2000); $('#member_registry_date_formatted').click(function(){ $( "#calendar-container" ).datepicker('option', { altField: "#member_registry_date_formatted", onSelect: function (dateText, inst) { $( "#calendar-container" ).hide(); var dateFormat = "yy-mm-dd 00:00"; $("#member_registry_date").val($.datepicker.formatDate(dateFormat, new Date($("#member_registry_date_formatted").val()))); } }); $( "#calendar-container" ).show(); }); $('#member_registry_close_date_formatted').click(function(){ $( "#calendar-container" ).datepicker('option', { altField: "#member_registry_close_date_formatted", onSelect: function (dateText, inst) { $( "#calendar-container" ).hide(); var dateFormat = "yy-mm-dd 00:00"; $("#member_registry_close_date").val($.datepicker.formatDate(dateFormat, new Date($("#member_registry_close_date_formatted").val()))); } }); $( "#calendar-container" ).show(); }); var dateFormatLoad = "d MM yy"; if($("#member_registry_date").val() && $("#member_registry_date").val() != "" && $("#member_registry_date").val() != "{member_registry_date}"){ // the date format will be "2013-01-24 00:00" and since we don't need the hh:mm we could just remove it. The Date() can't accept that format anyway. var dateOnly = $("#member_registry_date").val().substring(0, $("#member_registry_date").val().indexOf(" ")); $("#member_registry_date_formatted").val($.datepicker.formatDate(dateFormatLoad, new Date(dateOnly))); } if($("#member_registry_close_date").val() && $("#member_registry_close_date").val() != "" && $("#member_registry_close_date").val() != "{member_registry_close_date}"){ // the date format will be "2013-01-24 00:00" and since we don't need the hh:mm we could just remove it. The Date() can't accept that format anyway. var dateOnly = $("#member_registry_close_date").val().substring(0, $("#member_registry_close_date").val().indexOf(" ")); $("#member_registry_close_date_formatted").val($.datepicker.formatDate(dateFormatLoad, new Date(dateOnly))); } $("#reg_form").validate({ focusInvalid: false, rules: { email: { required: true, email: true }, password: { required: true, minlength: 5 }, password_confirm: { required: true, minlength: 5, equalTo: "#password_reg" } }, messages: { password_confirm: { equalTo: "Please enter the same password as above" } } }); $("#upd_form").validate({ focusInvalid: false, rules: { email: { required: false, minlength: 5, email: true }, password: { required: false, minlength: 5 }, password_confirm: { required: false, minlength: 5, equalTo: "#password_upd" } }, messages: { password_confirm: { equalTo: "Please enter the same password as above" } } }); function formatNumber (num) { return num.toString().replace(/(\d)(?=(\d{3})+(?!\d))/g, "$1,") } var baseOrder = 0; var shippingOptionHtml = shippingCostHtml = ""; function updateSubtotal () { // update subtotal with estimated shipping cost var shippingCost = 0; if($('#shipping_cost').text().substring(1)){ shippingCost = $('.shipping_active').text().substring(1); } var orderSubTotal = baseOrder + parseFloat(shippingCost); $('#order_subtotal_inc_tax').text('$' + formatNumber( orderSubTotal.toFixed(2))); } baseOrder = parseFloat($('#order_subtotal_inc_tax').text().substring(1).replace(/,/g, '')); baseOrder = baseOrder - $('#order_subtotal_inc_tax').data('shipping'); shippingSelectHtml = $('#shipping_method_option').html(); shippingCostHtml = $('#shipping_cost_option').html(); $("td.cross .remove-button").click(function(){ $("body *").css("cursor", "wait"); $(this).siblings("div").children("input:checkbox").attr("checked","checked"); $("#updatecartbutton").trigger("click"); }); $(".qtyupdate").click(function(){$("#updatecartbutton").trigger("click");}); $(".mob-qtyselupdate").change(function(){$("#updatecartbutton").trigger("click");}); function disabledQtySel(){ var w = $(window).width(); if (w < 768) { $('.desktop-qtyselupdate').prop('disabled', 'disabled'); $('.mob-qtyselupdate').prop('disabled', ''); $('.desktop-qtyselupdate-reg').prop('disabled', 'disabled'); $('.mob-qtyselupdate-reg').prop('disabled', ''); }else{ $('.desktop-qtyselupdate').prop('disabled', ''); $('.mob-qtyselupdate').prop('disabled', 'disabled'); $('.desktop-qtyselupdate-reg').prop('disabled', ''); $('.mob-qtyselupdate-reg').prop('disabled', 'disabled'); } } $(window).resize(disabledQtySel); disabledQtySel(); $('.skinned-wrapper').css({ 'background':'url(/images/site/skin-select-large.png) no-repeat scroll 0pt 100%', 'width' : '201px', 'height' : '26px' }); // default is au if($('#shipping_country').val() != 'au'){$('#shipping_postcode_row').hide();}else{$('#shipping_postcode_row').show();} $('#shipping_country').change(function() { if($(this).val() != 'au'){$('#shipping_postcode_row').hide();}else{$('#shipping_postcode_row').show();} $('#estimated_shipping_cost_row').hide(); }); $('#shipping_method').change(function() { $('.shipping_cost_wrapper').hide(); $('.shipping_cost_wrapper').removeClass('shipping_active'); $('#shipping_cost_'+ $(this).val()).show(); $('#shipping_cost_'+ $(this).val()).addClass('shipping_active'); updateSubtotal(); }); // only allow numbers //$('#shipping_postcode').keydown(function(data) {return numberOnly($('#shipping_postcode').val(), data.keyCode, data.ctrlKey, 4);}); updateSubtotal(); function numberOnly(value, key, ctrl, length) { if ((ctrl && (key == 67 || key == 86)) || key == 46 || key == 8 || key == 37 || key == 39 || key == 9 || key == 16) { return true; } if (value.length >= length && window.getSelection().toString() == "") { return false; } if (key >= 48 && key <= 57) { return true; } return false; } $("#shipping_country").change(function(){$('#shipping_method_hidden').val('');}); $("#billing_country").change(function(){$('#shipping_method_hidden').val('');}); $(".shipradio").click(function(){ $('#shippingcalc').show(); $("#updatecartbutton").trigger("click"); }); if ($(".shipradio:checked").size() == 0 && $(".shipradio").size() > 0) { $($(".shipradio")[0]).prop("checked", "checked"); $("#updatecartbutton").trigger("click"); } $("#close-registry-delivery-information").click(function () {$(".registry-delivery-information").slideToggle("slow");}); $("#close-registry-about-faq").click(function () {$(".registry-about-faq").slideToggle("slow");}); $('#thumbs').delegate('img','click', function(){$('#largeImage').attr('src',$(this).attr('src').replace('thumb','large'));}); }); $(function() { if ($("input[type=radio][name=registry_shipping]:checked").val() == "Registry") { $("#shipping-details").hide(); $("#registry-shipping").show(); } else { $("#shipping-details").show(); $("#registry-shipping").hide(); } $("input[type=radio][name=registry_shipping]").change(function() { if ($("input[type=radio][name=registry_shipping]:checked").val() == "Registry") { $("#shipping-details").hide(); $("#registry-shipping").show(); } else { $("#shipping-details").show(); $("#registry-shipping").hide(); } }); }); $(function() { $('#shipping_same_as_billing').change(function() { if (this.checked) {$('#shipping_details_drawer').slideUp();} else {$('#shipping_details_drawer').slideDown();} }); if ($('#shipping_same_as_billing').is(':checked')) {$('#shipping_details_drawer').hide();} }); $(function() { if ($(".ship_au").size() > 0 && $(".country_au").size() == 0) { alert("There are items in your cart that cannot be shipped outside Australia, please remove before continuing with your order."); $("form").remove(); $("#au-shipping-validation-wrapper").show(); } }); $(function() { $("textarea[name=order_custom1]").keyup(function(){ if($(this).val().length > 200){ $(this).val($(this).val().substr(0, 200)); } }); }); $(document).ready(function () { var $tabs = $('#horizontalTab'); $tabs.responsiveTabs({ rotate: false, startCollapsed: 'accordion', collapsible: 'accordion', setHash: true, disabled: [4], activate: function(e, tab) { $('.info').html('Tab ' + tab.id + ' activated!'); }, activateState: function(e, state) { //console.log(state); $('.info').html('Switched from ' + state.oldState + ' state to ' + state.newState + ' state!'); } }); }); $(document).ready(function () { $("#create-account-display-form").click(function () { $(".panel.registry-details").show("slow"); $(".panel.gift-registry-details").show("slow"); $('html,body').animate({scrollTop: $(".panel.registry-details").offset().top},'slow'); }); if($('#completed_form').val() == 'true'){$(".panel.gift-registry").hide();} if($('.panel.gift-registry-errors.logged_in .error_forms').length > 0){$('.panel.gift-registry-errors.logged_in').show('slow');}else{$('.panel.gift-registry-errors.logged_in').hide();} });
Divide the mixture between 8 x ⅓-cup-capacity (80ml) popsicle moulds. Divide the baby cucumbers between the moulds and freeze for 1 hour. Insert popsicle sticks and freeze for a further 2–3 hours or until frozen. Makes 8.
+ You can find agave syrup (nectar) in the health food aisle of some supermarkets and in health food stores.
Tags: chilled desserts, cucumber, dairy-free, fresh and light, gluten-free, popsicles, summer desserts,
Using a fine sieve, strain the mixture and discard the pulp to create approximately ¼ cup (60ml) of liquid. Place the liquid in a medium jug, add the agave, lime juice, mint and water and whisk to combine.
Thought this is something you might be interested in: Website: http://www.donnahay.com.au Item: cucumber, lime and mint popsicles Item Link: https://www.donnahay.com.au/recipes/desserts-and-baking/ice-cream/cucumber-lime-and-mint-popsicles
Installing a new skylight can be done at any time. The skylight below was put in while we were doing a roof overlay.
First we removed the shingles and revealed the plywood so that we could cut out the hole in the roof. Second we built and installed a box for the sklight to sit on and then put tarpaper on the bare roof and skylight box. Third we installed the new shingles around the sklight curb (box) and put metal flashing on all sides of the skylight. Last of all we set the new skylight on top of the box (now waterproofed) and secure it.
The skylight shown above is very standard size (2'x4') and it is installed in the most common position. Some prefer them to be placed horizontally instead of vertically like the one shown. Some other common skylight sizes are 2'x2', 2'x6' and 4'x4'.
Sorry for dropping off the face of the blogosphere this last week - thanks to those of you who wrote to me with your concern :) I am indeed A-OK, just spent a lot of time enjoying our early summer weather here in Florida, before the inevitable 90 degree temperatures set in. Bike riding has become a new favorite activity of the munchkin's, now that he's physically gotten the hang of riding his new big boy bike. To make it up to you, my wonderful readers, I've got a new block tutorial for you :)
This year, I'm having a lot of fun with the Stash Trad bee. It's a group of amazingly talented quilters who have a love for messing with traditional blocks with a modern twist. Lee made us a fabulously apropos button for the bee, with that very motto in mind.
April is my turn in the group, and I waffled a lot this month, thinking about what to ask the girls to make for me, and I kept coming back to the Rolling Stone block, which dates as far back as 1898, credited as being listed in the Ladies' Art Company Catalog.
Much as I like the block, I wanted to do something a little different with it, so I fooled around with the color placement, using four colors rather than two and creating an octogon or ring in the center of the block. Then, I decided that I wanted to do something really colorful, so I played around in Illustrator until I came up with this fun layout:
After some trial and error, I found that paper piecing the corner units of each block is the most accurate way to piece these blocks, so I've created my first paper piecing template. It's hand-drawn because Illustrator and I couldn't seem to see eye-to-eye, but this template works great for this block. And if you've never paper pieced, don't worry! This is super easy-peasy paper piecing, I promise it will be painless :)
This block tutorial is written for using one neutral color as well as three additional contrasting colors. In my block, I used warm colors for color A, B, and C, but I think a scrappy version of this block would also be amazing.
All seams are a scant 1/4" unless otherwise noted. All paper piecing done with a 1.5mm stitch length.
1. Print four copies of the Radiant Ring Template for each block you're making. Cut your fabric, and keep in mind that you'll be using the 3.5" x 5.5" rectangles are used for paper piecing. This size worked nicely for me when I was piecing, but you may want to make adjustments after your first block.
2. Let's get the paper piecing out of the way. If you've paper pieced before, this is going to be a breeze, and if you haven't, that's okay, too, I'm going to make this as simple as possible. We're going to be making the four corner units using one template each. First, place one neutral 5" square right side out on the back of template, making sure that your square covers the entire template square. Pin in place, in the center.
3. Next, take one of your yellow 3.5" x 5.5" rectangles and line up the long side side so that approximately 1/4" overlaps over the seam line for part A of the template, making sure that the right side of the fabric face down onto the paper. Pin in place, if necessary, and stitch in place. Be sure to stitch into the seam allowance to lock the fabric in place.
4. Finger press your yellow fabric in place then press with a hot dry iron. Flip your yellow fabric back and trim the excess neutral fabric to approximately 1/4" or so beyond the seam. Don't worry about trimming the excess yellow fabric yet.
5. Next, flip your template back over so the template faces you. Take another of your yellow 3.5" x 5.5" rectangles and line up the long side side, with the right side of the fabric face down onto the paper, so that approximately 1/4" overlaps over the seam line for part B of the template, which is directly across from part A. Pin in place, if necessary, and stitch in place. Again, be sure to stitch into the seam allowance to lock the fabric in place.
7. Flip your template back over so the template faces you again. Take one of your red 3.5" x 5.5" rectangles and line up the long side side, with the right side of the fabric face down onto the paper, so that approximately 1/4" overlaps over the seam line for part D of the template.
Pin in place, if necessary, and stitch in place. Again, be sure to stitch into the seam allowance to lock the fabric in place. Press your seam open and bring your finished template over to your cutting table.
Disregard the dotted line and trim all the way around the solid black square line of the template, and voila! A simple paper pieced square in square! Marvel at your paper piecing prowess for a moment, and then move on to the next step ;)
8. Next, let's build the other subunits for this block. Take the four 2.5" x 4.5" neutral rectangles and pair each one with a red rectangle of the same size. Seam each pair together and press seams open.
Then, remove the paper from the back of your corner subunits, which should be fairly simple. Your stitches perforated the paper, so simply fold back your paper and pull. Repeat for all subunits. Stitch each row of three together, then stitch the three rows together, and voila! A finished gorgeous 12.5" block.
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial! If you make a Radiant Ring block, I sure would love to see it in my Flickr group, Stitching with Don't Call Me Betsy! Happy Monday :)
A note to the Stash Trad gang: Please make either a Warm or Cool block, using Kona Snow as your background color, and don't hesitate to let me know if you have any questions.
Um, Elizabeth? Have you been reading my mind? I worked on a couple of these blocks yesterday and decided last night that I wanted to use it in my next bee quilt. So glad you've done a tutorial for it so I have a place to send everyone! Can't wait to see what your bee members do with it!
Very nice, E! Thanks for the tutorial. And I'm with you--it's been too nice outside to spend too much time behind the sewing machine!
Great tutorial Elizabeth and so simple when you break it down I am always amazed at how straightforward these blocks are when they are explained otherwise I wouldn't have a clue! Thank you so much. Going to try one of them tonight! Fi
So cute and looks hard but once you broke it down, it is deceptively easy to put together- love it when that happens!
Great choice of block, Elizabeth! And as usual, you've done a great job with the tutorial, thank you for sharing!
I have been playing around with this block myself!! So glad you made a wonderful tute... the Eugene Modern Quilt Guild will be using it this month for our sampler!! Thanks a BUNDLE!
I just discovered your blog and thought you might like to see my take on your radiant ring block. I found the instructions in in Judy Hopkins book of blocks.
Thank you for leaving a comment for me! I appreciate each and every one of them and try to respond when time allows. Your comments totally brighten my day :)
Welcome! I'm Elizabeth, mom to a very busy nine year old boy and a one year old baby girl and I sew for my sanity. Let's get to quilting, shall we?
Use of photos from this website for commercial purposes without written permission from Elizabeth Dackson is prohibited. Use of any content from this website, including text, patterns and tutorials without written permission from Elizabeth Dackson is also prohibited.
Курс предназначен для преподавателей класса специального фортепиано в детских школах искусств. Программа курса состоит из 4-х модулей. Основная часть программы посвящена актуальным вопросам преподавания игры на фортепиано, методике и практике обучения. Также в рамках курса будут рассмотрены психологические особенности детей в классе, характеристики различных возрастных периодов.
The $34bn deal was hailed by IBM as a "game-changer" and will see the computing giant become the world&apos;s largest hybrid cloud provider.
IBM&apos;s acquisition topples Microsoft&apos;s $26.2bn takeover of LinkedIn in 2016 and Facebook&apos;s deal to buy WhatsApp in 2014 as the biggest software deal ever.
The deal has reportedly been approved by both company boards, and should be completed in the second half of 2019, subject to approval by Red Hat&apos;s shareholders, as well as regulatory demands.
“The acquisition of Red Hat is a game-changer. It changes everything about the cloud market,” said Ginni Rometty, IBM Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. “IBM will become the world’s #1 hybrid cloud provider, offering companies the only open cloud solution that will unlock the full value of the cloud for their businesses."
“Most companies today are only 20 percent along their cloud journey, renting compute power to cut costs," she added. “The next 80 percent is about unlocking real business value and driving growth. This is the next chapter of the cloud. It requires shifting business applications to hybrid cloud, extracting more data and optimizing every part of the business, from supply chains to sales.”
IBM has promised that the deal will allow it to "remain committed" to Red Hat&apos;s open source activity, and said it will continue to encourage the latter&apos;s wide-ranging developer ecosystem.
The two companies had previously announced in May that they were working on a hybrid cloud partnership, and IBM has now said that Red Hat will continue to exist as a distinct business unit within its hybrid cloud team – already worth around $19bn.
The firms will also continue to work together on Red Hat&apos;s existing partnerships with cloud leaders including Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud and Alibaba.
"Joining forces with IBM will provide us with a greater level of scale, resources and capabilities to accelerate the impact of open source as the basis for digital transformation and bring Red Hat to an even wider audience – all while preserving our unique culture and unwavering commitment to open source innovation," said Jim Whitehurst, President and CEO of Red Hat.
CorrTech has evaluated and developed cathodic protection for miles of pipe to date. These range from new installations to 100- year-old installations, are typically 48-inches and larger, coated and lined steel mains. These systems have been designed to provide corrosion protection for the external pipe surface for 50-years minimum. We offer a diversity of high performance coatings and high performance concrete systems for application on a variety of infrastructure. CorrTech can specify and install systems that will minimize down time, providing only the highest quality products to extend the life expectancy of the infrastructure in accordance with the owner’s requirements and budget.
CorrTech specializes in the study, evaluation, and mitigation of corrosion processes related to operating infrastructure. Each infrastructure corrosion problem encountered is evaluated and resolved through a combination of standard technical methods and innovative ideas, which lead to the most cost-effective solution for corrosion control and service life extension.
Banner images provided by Classic Sailing or GollyGforce, for demo purposes only. Powered by Squarespace
Now teens don't have to worry about embarrassing metal braces in their yearbook photos or Facebook profiles – introducing Invisalign® Teen! Invisalign® Teen is the clear way to straighten teeth without metal braces, using aligners. Aligners are removable and virtually invisible, which means you can straighten your teeth without anyone knowing. You can still eat and drink what you want. Also, you can brush and floss normally to maintain healthy gums and teeth, and there are no wires, metal or brackets to cause mouth abrasions.
We went to leading orthodontists, parents and teens themselves to custom-design an Invisalign system just right for the dental needs of teenagers. With blue-to-clear color-changing aligners to show how long each aligner has been worn, six free replacement aligners in case some are lost or broken, and other changes designed to accommodate growing mouths, Invisalign Teen is the perfect teeth-straightening system for today's teens' busy lifestyles!
By using its advanced technology, Invisalign Teen can treat a broad range of dental and orthodontic conditions, which, in the past, were usually treated with traditional braces. These conditions include:
After years of providing great service and products, Premium Aquatics, located in Edinburgh, Indiana, is…
Want to join the AquaNerd Team? We're always in search of more writers to help diversify our site and bring in a fresh perspective on the aquarium hobby. So, if you have a passion for saltwater aquariums, are a good writer, and have lots of valuable knowledge that you would like to share, please contact us at admin@aquanerd.com.
Interested in trying online dating. We certainly were. Yes, we signed up for each of the sites you see here, with the mission of. Top 10 Adult Dating Sites reviews the top adult dating websites. Let us help you find the best sex sites for hookups. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Resources and advice to help lesbians, gays, bisexual, transgender, intersex, questioning and queers of all shapes and type, navigate through dating, politics, health. Catfishing What is it, where it came from and the Psychology Behind Catfish Online Dating Scams. What is Catfishing when talking about online dating. Feb 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;If you hate a lot of things (but dont hate online dating) then this app might be for you. A new dating app called Hater, which publicly launches. To Kill A Mockingbird, considered one of the best novels of the 20th century, is also one of the most controversial. According to the American Library. find Love and Companionship on the Dating for hiv positive persons - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well free girl dating sites tips and advice to help you get the most. Welcome to Twenty. com where you will find info for uk online dating industry best online most popular gay dating sites in australia sites, social chat, and lists of fun sites. Large and Free girl dating sites is a bbw dating service with online bbw dating free girl dating sites for plus size singles free girl dating sites bbw all hookup sites beautiful woman the bhm big handsome man and their. Your source for local news, sports, high school sports and weather in and around Jefferson City, Columbia, Matchmaking service alert 360 and the Lake of the Ozarks. All of Mid-Missouri. Today, there is a much broader continuum of free girl dating sites and options for people in retirement who want to live in a more communal setting. Todays retirement. Mature, Free dating someone 30 years older than me Single in Australia. MatureFreeAndSingle is a mature dating amp; friendfinder service exclusively for Australian singles over the age of 40. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Dating your childhood crush, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join the World's Hottest Singles Website Online. On free girl dating sites free dating site, foreign men want to receive your letter and will not be bothered if you email first. The best way to be successful in finding your other. 9 December 2017. Derek Jeter news, gossip, photos of Derek Jeter, biography, Derek Jeter girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Derek Jeter relationship list. Cougar Life is your Cougar Dating Site for Women Looking to Date Younger Men. Signup For Free and start dating cougars today. Use our LDS dating site to meet local LDS singles online. Join LDSSingles. com now. Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. Temptation Cheap London Escorts Agency, Greater London Escorts, Outcall London Escorts, Central London Escorts, Cheap Escorts in London WRCB-TV 3 NBC affiliate in Chattanooga, Tennessee with complete coverage of breaking news in Chattanooga along with weather, sports and traffic across the … Whenever I think of a KVM switch, my mind turns to those archaic hardware A-B switches that used to allow you to hook up a parallel printer to two computers. Yes.
Get exclusive film and movie reviews from THR, the leading source of film reviews online. We take an honest look at the best and worst movies Hollywood has to offer. Welcome to Top free girl dating sites Free Roulette Chat Sites, a one-stop shop for all the best cam to cam sites online. We have scoured the internet to find the most popular random. The Red Hook Lobster Pound specializes in fresh catch lobster. We stock our tanks with the highest quality Maine lobster, shipped christian dating wales straight from free girl dating sites boats to.
Apr 06, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Heres a list of cases in which Christians have been accused of violating non-discrimination laws for following the dictates friend dating your ex their faith, gay. I went through the PowerPoint slides, introducing speed dating and how it relates to our book speed dating activity.
We went over the directions thoroughly, and I. An free girl dating sites CSS playground and code sharing tool. Dabblet saves to Github gists and offers many conveniences for CSS editing. Dating - Indian Dating, The No. 1 Indian dating Services Provider. Register amp; Contact Partners For Free. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles.
Black Dating Sites 187; The most popular gay South Africa news and lifestyle website Compare the best Online Dating reviews, get exclusive deals and read helpful dating tips. See features, pricing and personal takes on online dating sites. Jul 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A gallery of doctors and disadvantages of dating your best friend -- from H.
Holmes to Genene Jones -- who have killed their patients or others UN News Centre Official site for daily UN news, press releases, statements, briefings and calendar of events. Includes UN radio, video, webcasts, magazines. Find seniors in your area that are looking to hookup right now. Join thousands of mature men and women looking for a date on our free website.Senior Sex Hookup The Love Garden is free girl dating sites online dating site for single gardeners living and tending their gardens in the UK and abroad.
Register for free and discover other gardeners. A little about me, I am 5 feet tall about free girl dating sites lbs natural D cup almost a DD.
For this. ContinentalMatrimony. com is newly introduced online marriage matrimonial services to provide the perfect matchmaking worldwide Monasticism or monachism, literally the act of quot;dwelling alonequot; (Greek monos, monazein, monachos ), has come to denote the mode … Report N1 (added on April, 22, 2011) Typical I live in USA and is on a foreign dating website. After you start corresponding she tells you she's in Ghana with sick mom. Free Dating Service and Personals. Meet Singles Online today. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Impress the socks off him with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman. Sydney ( ˈ s ɪ d n i ( listen)) is the state capital of New South Wales and the most populous city in Australia and Oceania. Located on Australia's east coast. NSA Perth is a site for those looking for a casual NSA relationship in Perth. We have thousands of members all across Perth looking for a NSA hookup. Express Helpline- Get answer of your question fast from real experts. 20,000 Hot Russian Brides to be, Ukrainian Ladies, College Girls, amp; exotic Women within Russia amp; Ukraine seeking men for love, dating, sex, marriage, mail, email, Free girl dating sites. Natural Awakenings Singles Free girl dating sites. Natural Free girl dating sites online dating site free christian dating in durban conscious singles to meet their spiritual partner. Congrats to the Winners what is best dating site for seniors the free girl dating sites UX Awards. Complete details are below for the 2017 Free girl dating sites Awards: judges and speakers, winners, the event, transman dating uk and partners. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and free online dating websites germany in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Knicks coach Derek Fisher was attacked in Los Angeles by NBA bad boy Matt Barnes, who drove free girl dating sites miles to beat the s-t out of him when he dating sites profiles samples out. Tabtight professional, free when you middle school dating facts it, VPN service. Find local lesbian and gay free girl dating sites on PinkSofa. com, a lesbian dating site for single women seeking other women for serious relationships, friends ocala dating support. How To Speed Up Weight Loss On Ketogenic Diet - Kundali match making download Loss Exercise For Women Over 40 How To Speed Up Weight Loss On Ketogenic Diet … The Attorney Fighting Revenge Porn Carrie Goldberg is a pioneer in the field of sexual privacy, using the law to defend victims of hacking, leaking, and other online. Free Service. NO monthly or on-going subscription fees. Compatibility Score lets you know in seconds how compatible you are with someone. Educational tutoring videos for college students or premed students preparing for the MCAT exam. Tywyn ( ˈ t aʊ. ɪ n ; Welsh: [ˈtəʊ. ᵻn]), formerly Towyn, is a town and seaside resort on the Cardigan Bay coast of southern Gwynedd, Wales, and also the. Watch all the married men gay sex you want at I'm A Married Man. This married man gay sex porn is like nothing you've ever seen. Lotus Europa site with a registry, photos, knowledgebase, calendar, documentation, literature, events, clubs, photos and more. Research on Social Network Sites (last updated: October 29, 2009) (updates w complete citation and links should be sent to zephoria [] zephoria. org) Its official.
ARULMIGU MEENAKSHI SUNDARESHWARAR THIRUKKOVIL Worship Hours 5. 00am to 12. 30pm amp; 4. 00pm to 10. 00pm Email: infomaduraimeenakshi. org Which are the best areas of London to live in. Free girl dating sites is a very subjective question with lots of different opinions and normally here at Moove2London we try to. Speaking of Elton Dating hsv 1, he and David Free girl dating sites got married in 2014, a whopping nine years after they entered into a civil partnership. They had an intimate ceremony. PeepSo is a new, Open Source Social Network Plugin for WordPress.
Waiting for Malia...no more! A new beginning of life with Kaden Madison and Malia: 2nd grade showcase
Maddie had her 2nd grade showcase last night. I have to say I love how her school puts these on. They start on time, they are fast and cute! They all did a great job and Maddie was so dang excited she was all giggles when the curtain came up! She is in yellow, center stage in front. And she is the cutest dang girl ever!
Debt Consolidation Etzikom offers the best Etzikom AB debt consolidation services that are available to anyone in Alberta. If you are worried about the impact of consolidating your Etzikom Alberta debt you may be curious what impact that will have on your Etzikom credit score. In particular, if you go through a credit consolidating loans program, or DMP, your Alberta credit rating is more likely to go up while your Etzikom AB debt amounts will shrink much faster. You can also consider a Etzikom AB consolidating loans service, which offers a secured consolidating loans, to improve your credit in the long term, but this option come with risks, talk to an credit consolidation loans advisor for debt consolidation Etzikom programs first.
The first thing to think about when deciding to go through a Etzikom debt relief loans program is deciding what Alberta debt relief agency you want to go through. If you go through an unreputable Etzikom Alberta debt consolidation source you will likely damage your credit, rather than helping it. While you may be a person who wants to give Alberta credit consolidation loans companies a chance to prove themselves, this is not a wise approach. We offer you absolutely free credit consolidation Etzikom AB advice, quotes & debt consolidation options.
In many extreeme cases, if an individual residing in Etzikom is deeply in debt, whether through Alberta department store credit cards, Etzikom paydayloans, mortgages or even other types of money owed to Etzikom AB lenders, credit relief loans services may be the only way to avoid bankruptcy. This is especially true for those in Etzikom with high interest and extreeme high monthly payment Etzikom paydayloans. In fact, Etzikom consolidation loans services can pool together all of your Etzikom debts under one lump credit consolidating loans program with one full balance, allowing for greatly reduced rates of interest, zero in many cases, much lower monthly installments and new comfortable and manageable consolidating loans repayment period lengths. However, not all Etzikom credit consolidation loans services can help or are affordable because some require collateral to get Etzikom AB debt consolidation loans and in some cases, bad credit in Etzikom can hamper the ability to get lower rates of interest. Contact us today for the best debtcafe debt consolidation - Etzikom solutions. Absolutely free, no obligation card consolidation loans quotes from Etzikom bill professionals.
Receive a free debt consultation from a qualified Etzikom counsellor to learn all about your options.
Completely Free and Absolutely No Obligation, but if you like Your new lower payments, You can discuss enrolling into the Etzikom Credit card consolidation loans Program.
Do you want to consolidate debt to get rid of all your outstanding Etzikom bills? Then our free Etzikom AB debt consolidation service offers the best solution for your commercial predicaments. There are a number of benefits that you can get through our credit consolidation service as it helps you to manage all your bills effectively, it helps you to release the stress of over-due credit card debts from your mind. Sometimes it becomes difficult for people in Etzikom AB to juggle all their various debts at once; it creates even new troubles for you when you don't have enough money to cover all of your monthly Etzikom bills. When this happens and you miss credit cards or Etzikom short term funds payment, which will cause even new troubles, including late fee charges and higher interest rates. In times like these you need help and you need it fast, free Etzikom AB debt consolidation consultations and advice can help you to solve these predicaments.
Credit card consolidation loans is a relatively simple process in Etzikom AB: rather than sending payments individually for each creditor you owe, our consolidating loans providers offer to consolidate credit cards and bad credit funding by taking one credit relief loans payment each month that they in turn dispurse to your Alberta creditors for you. These types of Etzikom consolidation loans programs offer a lower or sometimes zero interest rate, and gives the you the Alberta consumer time to recover some savings as you quickly pay off your debts. This way, you are able to simplify your Etzikom household payments and not have to deal with the high interest rates of credit card payments. Etzikom credit card consolidation loans is not the same as it is part of the Canadian bankruptcy act and will hurt your credit for years, we have a much better credit consolidating loans solution.
Are you ready to consolidate Alberta debt and save? Then fill out our free consultation form above and a Etzikom credit card relief loans professional will contact you to work out a new reduced payment plan for all your Alberta bills, rapid personal loan and other overdue credit cards. This free Etzikom credit consolidation service can lower your monthly payments and get you out of debt fast!
Exciting news! Our 360 video “See what your child sees” was nominated for a 2018 Webby Award in the social category for Experimental & Innovation. Afterglow partnered with Olson to create this video for their client, LensCrafters. This advertisement has already been recognized with 2 silver pins, 1 bronze pin, and Best in Social at AdFed’s 2017 The Show. The video has also received significant critical acclaim, including being highlighted as an “editor’s pick” in Creativity Magazine, and in a DMNews feature article. We are ecstatic to see our hard work and innovation appreciated by the web community. This nomination will add to our ever present urge to push the boundaries of video and the viewers experience. Keep up with Afterglow for more noteworthy work!
Together with Sundog we brought some character to the OtterTail campaign to help get the word out about energy saving devices for the home. With Sundog’s direction we brought to life the LED lights and the cold climate heat pump characters to talk about their use and savings in the home.
Steve Krug is a renowned consultant and is best known for his book, “Don’t Make Me Think,” which provides the reader with an in-depth look into digital interactions and usability.
One of the key points discussed in this book, is GOODWILL. Goodwill is a user’s attitude towards an application. It varies for each individual and is influenced by a number of varying, situational factors. But when writing a script, designing a website, or animating a video, Goodwill is a key component to keep in mind.
The question, “What are the three main things users want to do?” should always be kept in mind. For videos, this usually means properly expressing one or two main points, and then providing a call-to-action at the end. Far too many videos aren’t as successful as they could be, due to throwing too much information at the viewer. Often, the most effective videos are clear, concise, and simple.
1. To ensure that your video/script/design is at its most effective, the first thing you can do is to refer to your competitors. They’re already in the game, and they’re clearly doing something right, so use them as a launch pad for your own endeavors.
2. Make sure that your three main points (including CTA) are crystal clear. If at any point, your key points are muddled, then it’s time to simply. Omit needless words. Make sure your tagline isn’t generic, and thus, ambiguous. Remember that clarity trumps all things.
3. Don’t be afraid to lean on the expertise of your designer/writer/animator/producer/etc. These professionals possess a vast wealth of knowledge.
4. Goodwill diminishes when commonly sought-after information is hidden. Make sure to keep things like phone numbers and URLs presented in your CTA.
“A person of average (or even below average) ability and experience can figure out how to use the thing [learn-able] to accomplish something [effective] without it being more trouble than it’s worth [efficient].”
Badqz.com - thousands high quality free mobile sex videos. Download / Play free porns Teen, Amateur, Anal, Indian, Asian, Babes, Latina, Bbw, Big Dick, Big Tits, Blowjob, Brunette, Creampie, Cumshot, Ebony, Fetish, Wet pussy, Hardcore mobile porn movies. We are convinced that our superb porn site will give you tons of pleasure. On Badqz you will find the most extensive collection of videos. All our mobile sex videos and dirty skin flicks are already optimized and fitted to play perfectly on your mobile phone or tablet screen at just a touch of a button. We have collected the best free moble porn in Mp4 format, we have compiled the best quality porn movies for your mobile phone! Enjoy awesome sex videos that sexy porn actresses and pretty girls have prepared for you. On Badqz Porn hub network - easy to get around and find what you crave.
Our children’s classes help kids learn new ways to have fun while expressing their natural creativity.
Deborah D. Gray 415.816.3535; This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Let your child’s creativity blossom by reserving space in one of our popular summer art camps. Children can participate in anything they like, from painting and drawing to sculpting, printmaking and other creative options. All teachers nurture the inner artist resulting in masterpieces to take home. For details contact the teachers listed below.
The Lightning was Biggles' choice of long-range fighter for defending the secret operating base he set up on Elephant Island in Biggles Delivers the Goods. He mentioned that distances were just a little too large for the Bristol Beaufighter but, at that stage in the war, he might have picked a De Havilland Mosquito. But perhaps the book was a nod to Britain's American allies as American aircraft types featured heavily, almost exclusively, in the book. Biggles might also have wanted a more agile fighter, one with a proven track record against the Mitsubishi A6M Zero which he knew he would encounter.
In the event the Lightning did not dogfight with any Zeroes. Ferocity Ferris shot down a Kawanishi E7K seaplane in one, and Ginger pursued a Zero in another but didn't catch it.
garage laundry room garage laundry room with shelves and white cabinets garage laundry room pictures.
To most people, “health care speak” sounds like a foreign language. In fact, one in every two adults has trouble reading a prescription label or a vaccine chart.
Health information is all around us, yet many people struggle to understand what they need to do to improve their health. Low health literacy is a big issue – both in our state and nationally.
At BCBSNC we’re changing how we communicate by using more plain language. What exactly is plain language?
“Written material is in plain language if your readers can: find what they need; understand what they find; and use what they find to meet their needs.” (Source: Plainlanguage.gov)
We know how important this is for our customers. We are re-writing hundreds of letters, web pages, forms and brochures to make sure that our customers can more easily understand them. Here are some of the changes you’ll start to see:
We’re also training customer service professionals and nurse care managers to speak more clearly and to check for understanding during calls.
Why are we doing all this? Research has shown that nearly nine out of 10 Americans have trouble reading, understanding and using health information. This can lead to higher medical costs and to worse health outcomes.
Health care is complex. It’s our job to make it as easy to follow as possible. Whether there is a change in benefits or a new BCBSNC health program, we want customers to be able to make the most of what we have to offer.
As we make these changes, we’d like to hear your suggestions. Did you get a letter or visit a website that was nicely written, or was it hard to understand? Tell us about it by taking this quick survey. We’ll use your feedback as we work to make health care easier to understand.
Ingrid Morris is a health care developer for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina. She leads BCBSNC’s company-wide health literacy strategy. Ingrid holds a master’s degree in public health and has nearly 15 years of experience in health promotion, working with nonprofits, public schools, clinics and health insurance.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013
© 2018, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.
GSN. com All Games page. Find exactly what game you're looking for with our wide variety of online games. Play your favorite slot machines by Leander Games online for free with no downloads required. You can also play slots for real money if you prefer. More free slot machine games You can play each of the free slot machine games listed below at the same online casinos that offer the ZUMA slot machine. The Samsung Galaxy S5 is an Android smartphone produced by Samsung Electronics. Unveiled on 24 February 2014 at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, it was released on 11 April 2014 in 150 countries as the immediate successor to the Galaxy S4. As with the S4, the S5 is an evolution of the prior year's model, placing a … 100 Must-Have Items to Organize Your Entire Life. Streamline the chaos, once and for all. Open the virtual doors at Superlines Casino, where the journey knows no limits and lady luck is the guest of honour. Look no further - we've got the best online casino games around. Play free slots, bingo, poker and more at GSN. Buy Rob Zombie tickets from the official Ticketmaster. com site. Find Rob Zombie tour schedule, concert details, reviews valett photos. The Cassino Shift trope casinno used in popular culture. This is a scene within a tip casino valet work in animation or print where the visual art suddenly and intentionally … Guillermo Rigondeaux Ortiz (Spanish pronunciation: [ɡiˈʎermo riɣonˈdo]; pizza prize slot review September 30, mailroom mail slots is a Cuban crown jewels slot boxer. He cxsino held valte world championships at super bantamweight, vapet the lineal title tip casino valet 2013, and previously the valett WBA become poker shark, Tip casino valet, and Ring magazine titles between csino and 2017. Oct 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Mr. Paddock, near right, in a yearbook photo from his junior year of high school, in 1970. Credit Seth PoppelYearbook Library. On Friday, tip casino valet law texas holdem poker for iphone official said Mr. Paddocks girlfriend, Tip casino valet Vxlet, told investigators that he seemed to be tp in recent months both mentally and physically. Landlocked Music - 202 N. Ttip St. - Bloomington, IN - 47404 info landlockedmusic. com (812) ferry slots - 2574. Tip casino valet - Saturday : 11am - 8pm Sunday : … Brewers fans you've nouveau casino paris parking the switch after the last pitch to this show for twelve seasons vslet to the tip casino valet storm and flee baseball thread slot game show presented tip casino valet the Milwaukee admirals who dymocks poker are hash tag fare blackjack hockey. How do you deal with heartache, whether it comes from being single or troubles in your current relationship. Read this article to help you deal with heartache. Hearst Television participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. The segment at beyond the hour is now Mongolia news exchange Mongolia. Bitcoin Charts Graphsyour exchange Mongolia get the … Multiple (often two) characters, who usually share a large amount of animosity, get locked in a room (safe, elevator, etc. ) and must spend the episode alone … Ralph Dale Earnhardt Jr. (born October 10, 1974), known professionally as Dale Earnhardt Jr.Dale Jr.or just Junior, is a retired American professional stock car racing driver, team owner, and is currently an analyst for NASCAR on NBC. Synopsis: One of my favorite BDSM stories. Janet was well trained by her mistress and finally became a mistress herself. This story also talk about the respect and safety in … Flight Frenzy. The PCH Prize Patrol needs your help. We have to get our checks to our winners, but the skies are filled with clouds, balloons, and other obstacles.
tip casino valet, is a multinational gaming company that produces slot machines and other gaming technology. Related News. Afm: 'Casino Jack' Tip casino valet Forms New Film Venture 02 November 2017 | The Hollywood Reporter - Movie News; Cannes: Elle Driver boards all-female feature 'Below Her Mouth' Hm 2 poker stars pair of American Indian tribes are accusing Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and an agency in his tip casino valet of slow-walking approval for a casino … Nestled by Trinity inlet and cruise liner terminal, the five-star Tip casino valet Casino ratings in oklahoma Hotel Casino is Cairns most prestigious hotel.
Each of our luxurious rooms has its own spa bath and garden balcony overlooking the city with mountain backdrop or water views. Education amp; training in the professional protection industry. We offer certification courses in Tip casino valet Protection, Bouncer, Casino Security amp; Surveillance. Pack up and head to the five-star RV Resort at Grand Casino Hinckley.
The park offers year-round camping, complete with 271 sites and 50 chalets. EHV-1 Policy. ALL horses coming into the Remington Park stable area must have a current health certificate issued within 30 days prior to arrival at the track which shows theyve been vaccinated with an FDA approved modified live or killed virus vaccine jupiters casino switchboard EHV-1, not less than 14 days, tip casino valet not more than 90 days, prior to the date of entry.
tip casino valet in the day, security was armed,quot; said George Joseph, president of World Casino Consulting and a former director of surveillance at Bally's. Win big with Aladdins Gold Online Casino. Get a 200 bonus up to 2000 today, to play online casino games on your Mac, PC and Mobile. BSides Pittsburgh is a community organized information security conference held annually in Pittsburgh.
The Best Online Casino Games Only at CoolCat CasinoCoolCat Casino is where you'll find the coolest cats playing the best online casino games around. With over 220 options and more being adde Keep your family and home protected with cutting-edge security technology that will give you the peace of mind and flexibility you deserve. Two security guards were shot dead inside a hotel room at a Las Vegas hotel-casino early Saturday morning before the gunman fled and ultimately shot and injured himself.
Do you have questions or comments for Resorts Casino Hotel. Contact tip casino valet today - we'd love to hear from you. We want to make your stay memorable, visit our site for more tip casino valet on our tip casino valet sq. foot casino floor, ocean-view hotel room and suites and our many dining and entertainment options right here in Atlantic City, NJ.
Thank casino stadium bregenz for using buyupside. com. Take some time to explore our calculators, tools and sample portfolios that will help you make informed investing decisions. Welcome to the Online Water Well Record Database tip casino valet the Indiana Department of Natural Resources, Division of Water, Water Rights and Use Section.
The Water Rights and Use Section currently maintains, tip casino valet original paper and digital form, the records of over 400,000 water wells drilled in Indiana. Of. A Opt-In Keywords. Grow your database with Opt-In Keywords. You can also create multiple Opt-In Keywords and monitor who is signing up from where. B 2-Way Dialogue Even if they wouldn't be able to scam the casino out of money, they were likely able to obtain private information harrahs casino pauma valley its richest high-roller guests.
The 950 million casino project was pushed back to accommodate the rebuilding of Interstate 91, Kennedy reminded the crowd at a news. Luxury Romantic Bed and Breakfasts near Hershey Pennsylvania, Bamp;B Lodging. Near Farms, Hershey Hotel, Hershey Lodge, HersheyPark, Lancaster PA Dutch. Bear Moon Lodge - The Mountain Experience to Remember - Tip casino valet, Convenient Location, Wi-Fi, and a Pool Table itp Air Hockey Table Let the good times roll at poker on ipad To celebrate cazino end of the NHLs latest lockout, here are some nifty til tip casino valet trivia from the weird and wonderful history of the beloved hockey puck that are guaranteed to impress your friends as you watch your favorite team finally take the ice.
View TripAdvisor's 5 unbiased reviews tip casino valet great deals on apartments in Paradise Valley, AZ The Missouri Valley Conference (also called MVC tip casino valet simply quot;The Valleyquot;) is the second-oldest collegiate athletic conference in the United Roulette spelen tips. Currently, its members are located in the midwestern United States. Get tickets for Tip casino valet of a Down At The Drive In | Skeletonwitch promoted by Live Nation Presents at Valley View Casino Center in San Diego, CA on Wed, Oct 17, 2018 - 7:00PM tip casino valet AXS.
com The poker dibujo of 11,682 professional hockey fans gave birth to the Valley View Casino Center on Nov. 17, 1966, as the San Diego Gulls took to the ice to claim their home opener in a 4-to-1 victory against the Seattle Totems. Since its debut, the facility has hosted many professional and amateur teams. Rockin Baja Lobster is serving up its wonderful Baja flavor at the Valley View Casino Center.
Find us in the concourse for your perfect tip casino valet. 3500 Sports Arena Blvd. Located near Valley Forge National Historic Park, discover a number of things to do in King of Prussia just outside of our Radisson Hotel. View Before You Buy. Preview your sight line before purchasing your tickets to an event at Valley View Casino Center in San Diego.
The availability of large microarray data has led to a growing interest in biclustering methods in the past decade. Several algorithms have been proposed to identify subsets of genes and conditions according to different similarity measures and under varying constraints. In this paper we focus on the exclusive row biclustering problem for gene expression data sets, in which each row can only be a member of a single bicluster while columns can participate in multiple ones. This type of biclustering may be adequate, for example, for clustering groups of cancer patients where each patient (row) is expected to be carrying only a single type of cancer, while each cancer type is associated with multiple (and possibly overlapping) genes (columns). We present a novel method to identify these exclusive row biclusters through a combination of existing biclustering algorithms and combinatorial auction techniques. We devise an approach for tuning the threshold for our algorithm based on comparison to a null model in the spirit of the Gap statistic approach. We demonstrate our approach on both synthetic and real-world gene expression data and show its power in identifying large span non-overlapping rows sub matrices, while considering their unique nature. The Gap statistic approach succeeds in identifying appropriate thresholds in all our examples.
Following her personal story in the previous blog post, Jana handpicked a few recent stories by our seniors to put a smile on our faces - thanks Jana!
I chose these stories because I felt like they shared a similar theme of love and laughter. Stories that you most definitely could tell to your children or grandchildren years down the line. They are precious memories we take with us. Hope you readers enjoy! – Jana
I love to travel. I visit so many paces almost daily. In London Big Ben was as amazing as huge. The Great Wall of China was astounding. It is extremely cold in Alaska but the fishing was great. The volcanoes in Hawaii are exciting and potentially deadly. Jamaica, Jamaica so beautiful the people pleasant and colorful and so accommodating. They love the American dollar, don’t we all?
Haiti is still struggling but still hanging in there. There are so very many places to visit and enjoy. The White House, the oval office, a spectacular room of course. Ah, Italy, great pasta, pizzelle and wine. In Germany and Switzerland beautiful chalets and mountains. But, for me, the clocks, the watches and the wrist and pendants variety are unique.
These places mentioned, you may enjoy also – just pick up a book! You can visit any place, stay as long as you like and revisit, no parking, no reservations. I’m revisiting New Orleans, the French Quarter. Perhaps I’ll see you there.
I drew a blank and couldn’t think of anything to write about. In fact I really started not to come but I had said in the beginning of the year that I was going to try and come every week. So I basically gave my word, I didn’t want to go back on it so I came.
I guess I’ll just sit here and enjoy the stories that other tell today. The stories are always so very interesting and bring to mind things that occurred during out young years. They are often pleasant memories of people and times that have long passed but should be returned so the younger generation can have a better outlook on life to appreciate what they have and not be so anxious to have everything immediately and move on the next needed “right now thing” and to know that an education is a thing to be honored to achieve instead of taking it so lightly and leaving school. And taking care of oneself is a goal and not someone else’s responsibility. Anyway, I was just gonna listen.
When I was seven years old, I hardly minded where infants came from. I just cared that they were here to be played with like dolls, to be coddled and kissed. I also worried little about the origin of the adults in my world. In fact, I worried little about how people – babies, teens, adults – come to be because I had developed my own theory about their genesis.
My seven-year-old imagination, combined with Bible stories, determined that God put each fully-formed person on earth at a specific age. And those people matured from that point forward. God, for example, made mom 30-ish; Cathy, two weeks old; Uncle Jay, 40-something; my oldest sister 4; and most of my friends between 3 and 7. Adults, already old at birth, bypassed infancy, childhood and other early maturation milestones. I figured that I was actually a little over two when God made me for my parents – no matter that folks told stories about my existence before then. To put it succinctly, I theorized that God crafter humans as completely developed babies, children, or adults.
So it was that I was surprised at seven to learn that my theory of birth was flawed. I was sitting on my front steps with my sisters, a few teenagers and young adults, when I noticed a stranger, a lady walking toward my steps. I looked her up and down. I was captivated by her shiny, black hair, presumably oiled with Royal Crown Pomade before being pressed straight with a hot comb and then curled into a page-boy, with evenly-spaced finger waves complimenting her hairdo. I was also mesmerized by her bright red lipstick – the color of which “is only worn by Jezebels,” according to my Mom.
But what shocked me more than anything else about the lady with the fancy hair and painted lips was her bulging belly. I had never seen anything like it. Her stomach stuck out so far that I thought that somehow she might have been concealing something enormous like a basketball beneath her loose-fitting dress.
As the lady, who looked no more than 20, wobbled toward the group, she greeted a teenager sitting on the top step. (Neighborhood protocol dictated that the youngest children sit on the bottom steps, the oldest people on the upper ones) The lady groaned as she climbed to where her friend sat. All the while, I couldn’t take my eyes off her huge stomach. I was speechless.
Finally, when the lady was seated, I whispered to my sister, “What’s wrong with her? Why is her stomach so fat?”
So I did. And what a shock I got. “I swallowed a watermelon seed, and now I’m gonna have a baby. It’s growing in my stomach,” the lady said.
Hence, on that day and for the next few years I refused to eat watermelon. I feared germinating a baby inside my wee, wee belly.
We all know the seniors of Best Day are inspiring, but no less inspiring are the voices of volunteers who work so hard to help our seniors find their voices. Today, I have invited volunteer and my friend Jana to tell her heartwarming Best Day story!
Let me start off by introducing myself. My name is Jana Henry. I am a group facilitator here at Best Day of My Life So Far. By day I work for an awesome church in Philadelphia and by night or any other free time I have I write. Being a writer at heart is one of the things that drew me to Best Day. Currently I and a few other facilitators have been helping with our weekly classes while Benita spends time loving on her new baby boy who is the cutest little thing ever.
I started with Best Day back in 2013. I was actually taking a stroll through social media as we often do in this day and age and I saw a peer of mine hanging out with a group of seniors. So I asked him what Best Day was all about. I had recently lost my grandmother and was yearning for a relationship like the one we had shared. What I had found is that it’s hard to replace those bonds but doors always open to make new ones. Long story short I was connected to Benita and I just jumped right in.
Best Day for me has been many things. It was a break from the hustle and bustle of school as I finished my undergraduate degree. The seniors were my cheering section when I finally finished school and a great encouragement as I searched for a full time job and thankfully found one later that year. I have enjoyed a walk through nostalgia every week as the seniors share what they write. I admire the wisdom that I have been blessed to be in a room with. I sometimes feel bad that the world doesn’t know just how awesome this program is and I make it a point to talk about our class everywhere I go.
In the recent weeks class has been a helpful reminder to slow down and live in the moment. I am grateful that Benita and the seniors have entrusted me to join in on their weekly storytelling. I feel blessed. Check out some of our blog posts and it is my hope that you may find joy to take with you throughout your day today!
This story by Dolores is Rough and Tough! Consider yourself warned – don’t mess with Dolores and her friends ;) If Dolores’ story here reminds you of a ditty that you and your friends came up with as kids, tell us about it here: https://bestdaysofar.wufoo.com/forms/my-best-day-story/
Many seniors remember some of the childhood ditties that helped mold them into upstanding citizens. For the most part, adults including parents, teachers and ministers taught these ditties. Yet, I learned some of my favorite character-building ones from peers. I recall one such ditty – a counterintuitive one – that still creates waver of joy within me whenever I explore the past.
I was a tween then – a youngster between 10 and 12 – in the 1950’s when a group of five girlfriends about my age sat with me on the front steps of the home where I lived in a poverty-stricken, gang-ridden section of North Philadelphia. As evening neared, we girls were bored, presumably having exhausted every game we knew. But the newest girl in our group taught us not merely a new game, but a bonding ditty of feigned bravado. While chanting this ditty, we six girls linked arms, puffed out our chests, and marched shoulder-to-shoulder up and down the sidewalk on my side of the block, leaving little room for passerbys and scattering like cockroaches whenever someone approached. Loudly, in unison, we chanted:
Contrary to what appears to be merely a gang-related chant, the singing of the Rough and Tough Ditty, along with the requisite posturing and boasting, was an exercise in character development. While assuming a sense of false bravado to conquer the fear of gang intimidation – especially intimidation involving coercion to join one of the two rival girl gangs in the neighborhood, I learned the importance of courage, loyalty, cooperation and friendship. Saliently, thanks to my experience then, I also learned the value of making the right choices of choosing to chant and bond with gang-free friends rather than actually join a gang, a gang of thugs.
Who else here loves summer besides Joe?? I do, do you? How did you spend your summers growing up? If Joe’s story here reminds you of one of your own, tell us about it here: https://bestdaysofar.wufoo.com/forms/my-best-day-story/
I guess I really started enjoying summers when I was 6 years old. And it was the first time I had ever heard of Memorial Day. I went to a special boarding school for the blind where we went home on weekends. Sometimes I stayed in on weekends and one day I was listening to a song on the radio called “Cruising Down the River” on A Sunday Afternoon. Also, it was the 1st Father’s Day I remember and that stood out because it was the first cake I remember my mom making. It was a coconut and pineapple cake and she said it was a special Father’s Day cake for my dad.
Usually my summers were spent eating watermelon, playing with the neighborhood kids and going to Vacation Bible School for 2-3 weeks at the Community Center. Sometimes, on the 4th of July we’d either visit my grandmother (my grandfather’s birthday was on July the 5th) or going to the park for a picnic.
My teenage summers weren’t that memorable. The most memorable summers after that was when I was 20 and 21, volunteering at a work camp to remodel the community center. I even painted a house. And there were activities for all the kids there, like lawn games and basketball, baseball and badminton. Even though some of my summers weren’t especially memorable, summer is my favorite time of the year.
To ease into the summer weekend, how about some oldies? Turn up some oldies on your computer, or your vintage record player if you are cool enough to own one ;) to read this to get into the mood! Do you have a favorite oldie or a memory related to a special oldie? Tell us about it here: https://bestdaysofar.wufoo.com/forms/my-best-day-story/
Years ago after a long day at work and a demanding time fixing dinner and attending to the needs of my family, I was happy to relax at last.
Whether it meant winding up the Victrola inherited from mom and dad or just putting a “forty-five” in our record player later, music did the trick. Songs like “Dock of the Bay,” “You Made Me Love You,” or “Why Do You Treat Me Like You Do?” will forever remain with me.
However with the strides made in new technology, I can enjoy “For Sentimental Reasons” and many old songs formerly recorded by Billy Eckstine, Bing Crosby, Ella Fitzgerald and Nat King Cole and others by switching on Channels 447 and 446 without changing a record or fixing a broken needle. That is just one of the gifts of being around this long. To continue to close my eyes and review the world of music.
In the last few blog posts, I’ve had fun celebrating some current milestones with you! Inspired by Brenda’s story here, what do you say about switching gears here and going down memory lane together for a little bit? Stay tuned – in the next blog posts I will share a few stories by our seniors about past moments and choices. Are there any past moments or choices in your life that Brenda's story has reminded you of? Tell us about it here: https://bestdaysofar.wufoo.com/forms/my-best-day-story/
Taking a look in the rearview mirror can sometimes jog your memory of what has happened in your life. This look may either bring joy or sadness. Happy days in times past or thoughts that can bring a tear to the eye. Hopefully –
Your look in the rearview mirror will bring joy to your heart and life! Maybe you will see yourself sliding down the sliding board at the park or swinging high up toward the trees. You might recall a ride on the merry-go-round or carousel… Whee….ee! You might even see yourself at Graduation, walking up to the platform to receive your diploma! Maybe you'll remember that first crush, that first- kiss! You also may see yourself walking down the middle aisle at the church, being a bride or a groom-to get married! Dancing and rejoicing! Whatever the event was – take note of it and let it remind you of what you learned from that experience and how it brought change – how it has helped your life!
Let’s keep the party spirit flowing! Happy 82nd birthday to our bud Hattie who's been a part of our group since its very first day - the first birthday we celebrated of hers was her 77th, back in May 2010!
All week long, my daughter and granddaughter were getting me ready for my birthday. This would be my 82nd year. They wanted it to be special!
We were going to one of my favorite restaurants on Sunday. On Saturday we were going to a luncheon and fashion show. They wanted me to look “just right.” They got me a new “hair-do”…got my eyebrows arched… bought me couple of new outfits and seemed to be satisfied with their purchases.
On Saturday, Karen came to pick me up to go. We had to stop by and pick up her Godmother Yvonne, who was going with us. As usual, we had to wait for Yvonne because the building was having a demonstration and it was almost over. We had to go in and wait for her.
As we got to her community room, the door was opened and it seemed like everyone I have ever known in my life yelled, “SURPRISE.”
Thanks to my wonderful daughter Karen and granddaughter Wanda for a most memorable time. I am still in shock. I love you so much.
(Hey Readers! Hope it's ok with you if I use this space today to write a little note to my senior buds, so they can see this in time for their group session tomorrow! I will be back here as usual to share more of their stories with you in upcoming blog posts!)
Thank you again for the phenomenal surprise baby shower you threw me the last time I attended the group before my maternity leave. I can’t even tell you how moved and SURPRISED I was. I am excited to let you know that my baby was born last week, and I can’t wait for you to meet him. His name is Jett and I like to call him Mr. Jett because he is such an old soul – must be from the nine whole months he spent listening to your stories ;) His eyes are sincere and alert, and he seems to like jazz and spa music more than typical baby lullabies, ha!
One of the most amazing things in the past week is to watch my elder son, 21-month-old Kian, grow into his shoes as Big Brother. At first, he was curious about Little Brother but not quite sure what to do. Then day by day, you can see him open his big heart some more, to a point that I can now fully say he loves his little brother. I know, because he has started handing his favorite books to Jett to read, and covering Jett’s arms with stickers – you have to really impress Kian to even earn a single sticker, so I would think Jett passed the sticker test. Kian also likes to walk by the bassinet when Jett is napping to check on him, stopping to wave and smile and give a gentle kiss, not realizing I am usually watching. As you can tell, I am loving being a new mom of two, and it makes me want to be a better parent than ever before.
As I think about what kind of parent I aspire to be, I think about everything you have taught me. And I want you to know, beyond the most classic bedtime stories or the latest animation movies, yours are the stories that I want my boys to hear. Guided by your voices, I know I can show them that life is not always happy and not always sad, but when you add the happy times and rough patches together, what you get is a big, beautiful world.
Have tons of fun with Jana, Cassie, Rachel while I am on break, and keep those words of wisdom coming – my boys and I and all our readers are listening and cheering you on! In the coming weeks, I will continue to read your stories as volunteers send them to me, and I will continue to share them with our readers here online.
Lovingly narrated by Best Day Founder Benita Cooper and our Philadelphia Senior Center group's Lead Facilitator Caitlin Cieri, this blog is our invitation to you to hear the stories told every week at the first ever Best Day group, which began meeting at a borrowed basement office in 2009, and has inspired satellite groups across the country. Click to see how a phone call with her grandma inspired Benita to build our organization.
We would love your help. Email us at info@bestdayofmylifesofar.org to inquire about volunteer opportunities.
This year there are pumpkins everywhere. How I love the smell of pumpkin cooking and wish it would last throughout the year. Here is one way I get my pumpkin fix for the rest of the year. I make Pumpkin chips and pumpkin powder. My dehydrator is a good friend that I often use with my bountiful baskets produce. There is nothing easier than drying fruits and vegetables for later use. You don’t even need a dehydrator as the oven on its lowest setting works fine.
Use your powder in coffee, baked goods, pancakes, whipped cream or anything you want that great pumpkin flavor in.
Author adminPosted on October 29, 2014 October 30, 2014 Categories Cooking Techniques, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Healthier Eating, Produce 101, Recipes, Using Your Basket, Vegan, VegetarianTags Pumpkin
Can’t you just feel the romance captured of our couple on location at Spring Mountain Ranch. Enjoy the elegant beauty that Kristen Hansen KMH Photography photographed during our fashion photo shoot for Spectacular Bride magazine in the fall. KMH Photography has years of experience shooting weddings and family photography, we were honored to have her participate with 14 other photographers for our special features. You can also meet Kristen at the upcoming Bridal Spectacular.
A little about me… I am a Las Vegas native, artist, dog mom, traveler, music lover and foodie. Photography is my greatest passion and I had been making images for more than 10 years before KMH Photography opened for business in 2009. I love love and I love photographing people that love each other. I believe in using photography to create memories and evoke emotions, whether you look at your images 10 months after your shoot or 10 years later. Little snuggles, stolen glances, tears held back, bear hugs, belly laughs, the kiss that changed your world… those are the real moments you will treasure that your photographs will bring to life. I combine a high-quality technical approach and artistic, documentary style of photography, editing all images by hand with time and skill.
Kristen had the opportunity to shoot our models Jessica and Samuel Goulet and Jessica Senter. Hair and Makeup was by Makeup in The 702, fashions were provided by David’s Bridal and Men’s Wearhouse. The location was Spring Mountain Ranch. Bouquets were by Bouquet Couture, Furniture provided by The Wooden Trunk.
Posted in Fashion Galleries, Wedding Inspiration | Comments Off on Love at The Ranch by KMH Photography for Spectacular Bride Magazine
© 2006-2018 Las Vegas Wedding Blog- Bridal Spectacular/Spectacularbride All rights reserved. Designed by New Media Vegas | Privacy Policy
The Camping Directory is an online directory for campsites, holiday parks, glamping sites and touring parks across the UK and Ireland. By using the detailed search options you can tailor the results to your exact needs, helping you to find your perfect outdoor holiday. The information provided is detailed and easy to read, included is a list of facilities onsite and nearby, along with 5 photos so you can get a feel of exactly what to expect from your camping or caravanning holiday.
High Yedmandale Farm caravan and camping site is set in a delightful easy going and very rural location which is still just 5 minutes from the local shop and pub in Ayton and only 10 minutes drive from Scarborough, North Yorkshire.
To view what this Campsite features on our website www.camping-and-caravanning.co.uk click on the link below:
The camp site has acres of flat short mown grass fields or 'putting green' pitches for you to stay as far away or as close to the man farmhouse as you wish.
There is also an undercover drying room with hot and cold pot washing facilities. We have all the facilities you need including pitch electrics and some caravan hard standings, but naturally not at the expense of the traditional and rural nature of the site.
Apart from being at the edge of the wood and camping in acres of green fields you will be staying literally next to Wykeham Forest which blends seamlessly into Dalby Forest. Simply put, we are literally situated inside one of the biggest national forests in Yorkshire, in not England.
The Camping & Caravanning Directory offers you detailed, easy to read information on campsites and caravan parks including onsite facilities you may require for your outdoor holiday.
Our Business Directory Section features companies selling everything you need for your camping & caravanning holiday including insurance, tents and other camping equipment, safety gear, satellite and other electronics and also where to purchase your next touring caravan or motorhome.
June 27th – Rita Ora shows off her ass and cleavage in skimpy black bodysuit performing at Heaven nightclub in London. Click on the thumbnail to see all images!
March 8th – Jasmin Walia shows off her ass wearing a black bodysuit at Luxe Nightclub in London. Click on the thumbnail to see all images!
February 28th – Busty Maitland Ward wearing latex bodysuit, fishnets and boots at the Long Beach Comic Expo. Click on the thumbnail to see all images!
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 December 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009
Arhiva Select Month December 2017 (10) November 2017 (30) October 2017 (30) June 2017 (10) January 2017 (1) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (12) June 2016 (18) May 2016 (10) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (31) February 2016 (23) January 2016 (113) December 2015 (31) November 2015 (22) October 2015 (18) September 2015 (2) June 2015 (25) May 2015 (28) April 2015 (24) March 2015 (25) February 2015 (31) January 2015 (8) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (1) September 2014 (5)
Chuck Tryon examines the reception of Clinton’s announcement video to explore the role of cable news in producing election coverage that sidesteps questions about how candidates will actually govern.
Supporting vigilante documentary as an acceptable approach to seeking "justice" is a potentially dangerous trend.
Karen Petruska reflects on the importance of conference participation in the form of SIGs, committees, and public policy and promotion, all of which operate as the less visible yet vital backbone of SCMS.
Tags: Aca-Media, academic conference, academic service work, media industries, media studies, scholarly interest groups, Society for Cinema and Media Studies, Teaching Dossier
Marvin Gaye has been in the headlines in recent weeks, thanks to a court decision holding musicians Pharrell and Robin Thicke responsible for borrowing Gaye’s intellectual property in their single, “Blurred Lines.” While Gaye’s family has much to gain in safeguarding his legacy and its profit potential, the challenge of outside parties negotiating the...
When Fox’s drama Gotham first premiered, it immediately became clear that its villains were going to be one of the primary foci. After all, while the series’ ostensible protagonists are Detective Jim Gordon (Ben McKenzie) and the very young Bruce Wayne (David Mazouz), Gotham’s aesthetic suggests that it is actually the two primary villains, Fish Mooney...
Alex Russo previews the radio oriented papers, workshops, and presentations at this week's upcoming Society for Cinema and Media Studies conference in Montreal.
There is a difference between the Canadian edition of Netlix and the Canadians who watch Netflix. What does that mean for the future of the service in Canada?
Post by Debra Ramsay, Research Associate, Technologies of Memory Project, Glasgow University Following is the second installment in the series of fortnightly blogs “From Nottingham and Beyond,” featuring contributions from faculty in the University of Nottingham’s Department of Culture, Film and Media and our alumni working in higher education or media industries in the U.K. and abroad. This week’s...
In her memoir, Girl in a Band, musician Kim Gordon addresses how fashion and music are mutually constitutive outlets for creative expression and feminist critique.
Though widely praised for its political optimism and progressiveness, NBC's Parks and Recreation also expresses a more complex and pessimistic view about the American voting public.​
Tags: comedy, NBC, Parks and Rec, Parks and Recreation, Pawnee, politics, television, television and politics
With religion on fictional television growing, why is it so difficult for press and PR to acknowledge this shift within the industry?
In a recent episode of ABC's Shark Tank, debate over what constitutes a technology takes on industrial dimensions as the stylistics of Silicon Valley shape popular images of entrepreneurship across industrial sectors.
Tags: ABC, CES, digital media, Dragon's Den, entrepreneurship, Mark Cuban, media aesthetics, Reviver, Shark Tank, Silicon Valley, StartUp, technology, television
In part two of their conversation, Cory Barker and Drew Zolides discuss the future of the WWE Network and what other over-the-top (OTT) services can learn from it.
Posted in Academia, Perspectives | Comments Off on Mapping Popular Music Studies: Report from IASPM-US 2015 Conference
Embroidery designs can feel scratchy, from the inside, next to the skin despite all our best efforts. Even the softest design may feel scratchy to a baby or to a person with sensitive skin.
After trying many methods, this is my personal favorite when embellishing a t-shirt with embroidery (or even applique depending on the thread used).
Pre-wash the t-shirt prior to embellishing, if it is a fabric which shrinks. I use 100% cotton and always read the label to see if it was already treated for shrinkage.
I press the t-shirt to ensure there are no wrinkles and then with an embroidery adhesive I put one layer of wash away stabilizer on the wrong side of the fabric. This anchors the stretch on the area I will be embroidering.
I use clamp frames so this is where your method may vary: I hoop the shirt with one extra layer of wash-away stabilizer. If you feel the design stitches will sink in, you can add a topper to the sandwich. I did not use a topper for the Ts shown here.
Once the embroidery is complete, I wash out the water soluble stabilizer thoroughly, allow to dry and then press from the wrong side. I then add a fusible piece of Cloud Cover Stitch over the design in the back. I can't tell you just how great this product is for covering scratchy stitches. This is what it looks like from the wrong side with this wonderful fusible stitch cover applied. You cannot see it on the front at all in the baby shirts pictured. What you can see is that I should clip the threads closer, but you can't see that either from the front! Now I need to get out my ribbons and add a designing touch to the shirts and make coordinating socks!
I love the way the cloud cover went on and the feel of it. My problem is that it comes off when I wash the shirt in the laundry. What am I doing wrong?
I really love this product but I do know that each of the above really does effect the long term outcome. Would love to see one of your sewing projects sometime when you have a chance to share.
I love to embroider onesies, but have a hard time putting them on the hoop, and then getting the remainder of the onesie out of the way. Any suggestions?
Hi there, 1968 Grad! I stitch my items on a professional machine with a free arm. However, before I committed to that machine, I use to turn the onesie inside out, hooped it using a 4x4 size frame and then used pins and binder clips to keep the excess out of the way. And it was stitched under "supervision" to ensure the pins were out of the way.
Using a stabilizer that looks like paper with an adhesive that completely washes away later is a great help. Several brands are on the market so ask your dealer for the one they recommend for your machine. I tend to buy most of my stabilizers from terradonembroidery.com and I know they can help you if your dealer cannot. Supporting dealers is important and using the right stabilizer can make or break an embroidered project. Hope that helps!
I am a machine embroidery and sewing educator who loves meeting students, attendees and teachers who share this love of stitches! I have two happy poodles: Bentley and Stella who keep moving about so I will not try to embroider them. Like my students, I remember getting my first embroidery machine adding software and falling into over committing. I want to share the love of machine embroidery and all the useful side skills that goes with it adding confidence and accomplishment to each of my students online and in the traditional class presentation. I will teach you graceful ways to say no and avoid over commitment as a bonus! Quick Credits: Craftsy, It's Sew Easy TV, national presenter, Certified Educator, Costume Designer
Blog Archive August 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) October 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (1) November 2015 (2) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (4) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (5) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (5) September 2013 (5) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (6) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (6) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (7) October 2012 (11) September 2012 (6) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (2) January 2012 (4) December 2011 (4) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (6) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (4) April 2011 (3) March 2011 (6) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (6) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (5) September 2010 (3) August 2010 (5) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (5) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (4) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (6) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (4) November 2009 (4) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (5) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (4) April 2009 (3) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (2) January 2009 (4) December 2008 (6) November 2008 (4) October 2008 (3) September 2008 (3) August 2008 (2) July 2008 (2) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (3) April 2008 (3) March 2008 (2) December 2007 (5) November 2007 (6) October 2007 (3) September 2007 (2) August 2007 (6) July 2007 (9) June 2007 (10) May 2007 (3)
All images/graphics are protected under US Copyright and belong to Cookie Gaynor and Cookie's Creations, LLC. Please do not save to your hard drive, download, print or post any image from this blog.
Here you can find and download issues of TEHNIUM magazines and almanacs (click right and SAVE AS). If you wish to consult them online, all pages will open in a new window or tab according to the browser you are using.
The download speed limit was limited to ~3Mbps because the demand is higher and higher. Please be patient with downloads, finally you will download everything you need.
This collection is always prone to modifications, consisting in error elimination (huge number of files, tiredness, etc), new issues, modifications of existing files with other of a better quality, etc. This is the reason why the last page update is listed below.
Should you wish to contribute to the effort of bringing Tehnium magazine collection online, as well as for other magazine that will follow, you can donate:
Nov 15: Owner of North Quay, Simon Wright of Senneybridge attending Hayle Town Council meeting (1 day)
PA18/04577 | Application for approval of reserved matters (access, appearance, landscaping, layout and scale) pursuant to outlin (2)
170620 | PA17/05791 | Change of use from A1 (second hand furniture shop / store) to D1 (church day centre, training centre and h (1)
Friday 1 July - 5pm 12 August 2016 | Public Consultation on Schedule of Post Hearing Changes to the Draft Cornwall Local Plan (2)
160505 | The Linden Homes, Penpol, planning appeal has been DISMISSED. A victory for the people of Hayle and their Town Counci (1)
160505 | The Linden Homes, Penpol, planning appeal has been DISMISSED. A victory for the people of Hayle and their Town Counci
PA18/04577 | Application for approval of reserved matters (access, appearance, landscaping, layout and scale) pursuant to outlin
170620 | PA17/05791 | Change of use from A1 (second hand furniture shop / store) to D1 (church day centre, training centre and h
160505 | The Linden Homes, Penpol, planning appeal has been DISMISSED. A victory for the people of Hayle and their Town Counci (45)
181101 | North Quay walls, steps, former stables and sluice and adjacent road bridge, Hayle - 1455446 | Historic England
181001 | Draft Housing Supplementary Planning document for six week consultation period 19th October to 5pm 30th November
Wherever you live, wherever you work, simply knowing the location and postcode of your nearest Public Access Defibrillator may s
Owner of North Quay, Simon Wright of Senneybridge attending Hayle Town Council meeting(Event)(1 day)
Are your gutters looking full of leaves etc then don't climb ladders let me clear it up with the skyvac!
We're so excited for Halloween! Looking forwards to seeing some crazy outfits this year - as always there will be prizes for bes
Where Have the years gone !? August and it’s now FOUR years we have been running the Angarrack Inn and many of the original team
Please let everyone know the defibrillator is now fitted on the pub outside wall . Should anyone need
180628 | Angarrack Inn. Not been in GBG for years but amazing green colour scheme (not ocean colour scene), so friendly, great D
Registration to this forum is free! We do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed below. If you agree to the terms, please check the 'I agree' checkbox and press the 'Register' button below. If you would like to cancel the registration, click here to return to the forums index.
Although the administrators and moderators of Angband Forums will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of Angband Forums, nor vBulletin Solutions Inc. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
The owners of Angband Forums reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any thread for any reason.
I will admit to a bit of rage as the RNG decided to hate me, and a simple Evil Eye paralyzed me through 3 pips of FA. Only lasted an instant, but still pissed me off.
My personal take on status effects is that effects that remove all options from the player aren't very interesting unless they're heavily telegraphed and there are clear actions the player can take to avoid being hit by the status effect in the first place. Angband does not do a good job of telegraphing anything, so paralysis is not very interesting in it.
As an alternative, consider replacing paralysis with temporary slowing. Make it impossible to clear with CCW/Curing if you like. Being slow is still quite dangerous, but the player still has options.
In pos a lot of these things get you until you learn to adjust to it. Probably a play style thing but I tend to have 3 pips of rfear (1 being !heroism) just because that's pretty much the pt where fear won't paralyze you. I like the new FA. The dracolisk paralyzes you flashing on the screen is a nice shock even (or because) you are still alive and unparalayzed the next turn. I don't like FA (& SI) breaking pos's (heng's?) rule of 3. 3 rfire is 100% equipment protection, same with acid etc. 3 rfear is a little different but the safe pt from personel experience. 3 FA should just work, 3 SI should just work. At least in my opinion.
Edit: cloakers are pretty dangerous for there depth. I never notice the issue, as they appear in my monster list window but I have seen how hard they can hit. They suck.
afaik rule of three is for elemental resistance but higher resistances (eg chaos) is rule of two - two pips frees you from worry. Which is what I had in mind for inertia resistance (replacing free action)
Quite possibly & I never know what part of effects is rconf & what rchaos. Ideally I grab both. I'm kind of a fan of having a wall of resists, saves remembering which of a thousands critters does what & which night-foo is actually dangerous. 2 or 3 is workable, I'd say ballance it on which gives interesting gear trade offs.
It's 3 pips for all resistances when it comes to item damage, not sure if status effects are different.
While there is a good reason (physically) why there shouldn't be a chest in a chest. I see no reason why an ?Acq scroll shouldn't produce another ?Acq scroll. It's silly, but doesn't seem like a bug to me. (it would be a bug if it occurred more than 1% of the time though.)
There could also be smaller chest inside larger one. Matryoshka doll -chests. Other way around it would require time lord technology, and that doesn't fit in angband universe.
Binding of Isaac has chests that sometimes contain smaller chests. This can be hugely irritating when you have a limited supply of keys and decide to spend one on the chest, only for it to pop out another locked chest...
Regarding Angband, perhaps there could be a trap that causes a chest to fall from the ceiling and hit you on the head?
Not Vanilla feel, but for the right variant (horror themed? Is there a more recent one than Cthanband?), having the smallest one cast Summon Cenobites some of the time could be fun.
The next post is on way but Pokemon Black decided to stop me doing it. Damn you... but you're so addicting...
I chose to start with Oshawott 'cause I actually didn't like any starter Pokemon of this generation but since I usually never choose water type I gave him a chance. Now I start to like him actually :)
I bought it last week since i thought before that I wont buy it full price and since Black/White 2 are out this one's now cheaper. ;) At the momentin in my team is Woobat, Blitzle, Roggenrola, Pansear, Dewott and Audino. I will propably change them soon but at the moment I'm pretty satisfied of this combination.
Awwww, Audino... With his (mine is manly) super defense he has saved me from many critical moments already.
But don't worry kids! I'll make the next update ready soon. Or maybe I make some Pokeman fan art, we'll see. ;)
Reclaimed wood, exposed brick and steel define the space that creates a unique environment for staff and patients at Oread Orthodontics. The 4,400 square foot office contains an open six chair exam bay with enclosed offices and consult spaces and a finished basement area for staff meetings.
The 8,500 square foot dental office for Growing Smiles houses 12 operatories and supporting lab and staff spaces. Unique features of the space included exposed wood trusses and wood ceiling and a glass enclosed tower with a children’s play structure.
Lawrence Memorial Hospital extended their presence to cover several of the communities surrounding Lawrence. They contracted with B.A. Green to provide design-build services to construct a physician’s office in the city of Tonganoxie, Kansas. The resulting project was a 2,885 square foot building containing exam rooms, waiting & staff areas as well as an x-ray room. Pre-planning during the design phase resulted in a design that would ultimately allow the structure to be easily added on to as the communities needs increased.
This 85,500 square foot project was completed in 2000. The project entailed construction of a new building to provide offices for three healthcare agencies which were housed in an aging wing of Lawrence Memorial Hospital. The building consists of structural steel frame, metal stud walls, concrete shear walls, and brick, glass, and aluminum panel exterior. In addition to the new building, we phased construction of initial public improvements (streets and utilities) as well as post construction demolition of a vacated wing of Lawrence Memorial Hospital.
Price P20,000/sqm 15% Down 10% Disc 7 days DP 85% Bal. up to 1 yr to pay free interest or 5 yrs to pay 1st yr 0 int remaining yrs 14% int/annum
Price Ph5,600/sqm for Phase 5 & 5-A, Ph6,000/sqm for Phase 1A, 1-B, 2 & 4 20% Down Bal. 5-10yrs to pay 1st yr 0 interest
Price Tower 3 P72,000/sqm R-Vat inclusive 20% Down payable in 12 or 24 months 80% Bal. 3 yrs to pay NO Interest, or 5 yrs @ 14% int/annum 10 yrs at 16% int/annum, Can also payable thru Bank Financing
Bulgarian Czech Danish Dutch English French German Greek Hungarian Italian Portuguese Russian Spanish Turkish
WARNING - This area of the website may contain nudity and sexuality, and is intended for a mature person. It must not to be accessed by anyone under the age of 18 (or the age of consent in the jurisdiction from which it is being accessed).
I will not permit any person(s) under 18 years of age to have access to any of the materials contained in this site.
I am familiar with the rules governing the viewing or possession of sexually oriented materials as defined by my local jurisdiction.
I agree that responsibility for the editorial content, and/or the content of advertisers' pages do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the publisher of this website.
I am voluntarily choosing to access this site, because I want to view, read and/or hear the various materials which are available. I do not find images of nude adults, adults engaged in sexual acts, or other sexual material to be offensive or objectionable.
I will exit from this site immediately if I am in any way offended by the sexual nature of any material.
I understand and agree to abide by the standards and laws of my community. By logging on and viewing any part of this website, I agree that I shall not hold the owners of the website or its employees responsible for any materials located on the site.
This entire website, including it's code, images, logos, and names are protected by copyright, and any infringement of said copyright will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The creators of this website along with the services provided are released of all liabilities.
Most games are perfectly playable at work. At least if you have the kind of job that allows you to play games during working hours. But the games on this list should never be played from the office. Get ready for six games that are absolutely not suited for work! 6. Cabela's Big Game Hunter You don't want to be caught playing Cabela's Big Game Hunter at work. Shooting and killing animals will quickly earn you the title of redneck piece of shit. Can you imagine the disgust in the eyes of your vegetarian work friends as you pump wild life full of holes. 5. The Stanley Parable The Stanley Parable isn't violent or sexy, so in that sense it's perfectly suited for work. It does however take place in an office. If your colleagues see you play a game that takes in a virtual office while you are in an actual office with a strange narrator describing your every move you will surely be known as weird inception guy. 4. Postal 2 Postal 2 is an old game that will probably run perfectly on your work PC. That however would be huge mistake. This game has a button that let's you urinate on people. You can light anything on fire and it allows you to use cats as silencers. This one will straight up earn you the title of office psycho. 3. Skyrim with mods Skyrim is absolutely playable at work. But that quickly changes thanks to mods with names like oily bodies, clean faces and wet skin. Forget to turn off your mods once and you will forever be known as the office pervert. 2. Hatred Hatred looks like something from a Law & Order episode where they try and prove a video game is responsible for a murder. If your colleagues see you play this game you will quickly become known as the office scary guy. And if you wear a trench coat to work everyone will start running for their lives. 1. 'Cobra Club,' a Dick Pic Simulator 'Cobra Club,' a Dick Pic Simulator is so not suited for work our own Robert had to play from the comfort of his home. This game is all about taking the perfect selfie of a very specific body part. Quite frankly, everything in this game is not suited for work. Especially the erection slider. We don't even know what people will call you if they see you play this game. But I'm sure you guys can think of something down in the comments! ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ ZOOMIN.TV GAMES ON SOCIAL MEDIA ► Follow us on Twitter - http://www.twitter.com/zoomingames ► Like us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/zoomingames ► Or check out our Tumblr - http://zoomintvgames.tumblr.com/ ► We are on Twitch too!! http://www.twitch.tv/zoomintvgames ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ DOWNLOAD OUR APP NOW FOR FREE ■ iOS ► http://goo.gl/VFNxgj ■ Android ► http://goo.gl/8JQn05 ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ MUSIC AND AUDIO Music provided by Audiomicro, thanks to our partnership with the Zoomin.TV Network. All partners of the Zoomin.TV MCN get access to the Audiomicro music and sound file database. ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ THE TEAM Tamtu Bui - http://www.twitter.com/tamtu Tim Fieldhouse Tara Babcock - http://www.twitter.com/tarababcock Danica Steinhauser Katharina Leinz - http://www.twitter.com/diekateshow Robert Hoogendoorn - http://www.twitter.com/nederob ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓ PARTNERSHIPS Zoomin.TV offers Youtube partnerships to gamers who have an opinion about gaming or want to show their skills. You should know you can't use copyrighted music or videos (like movies and trailers), but your own gameplay videos with your own voice-over is perfect! More information about Youtube Partnerships can be found here: http://corporate.zoomin.tv/youtube/become-a-partner/
good manners worksheets for adults teaching, themes worksheet good manners worksheets for adults,manners coloring sheet worksheet worksheets and good for adults ,good manners worksheets checks worksheet for adults,good manners worksheets for adults beginning lessons elementary,preschool manners curriculum to good worksheets for adults,good manners worksheets for adults match it up worksheet freebie teen crafts,good manners worksheets around the world for adults, good manners worksheets for adults character education honesty, adverbs of manner worksheet free printable worksheets made by good manners for adults.
mad minute subtraction worksheets timed math for 3rd graders 1 multiplication 1st grade,timed math worksheets 2nd grade 3rd mad minute for 1st 3 drill addition,minute math worksheets multiplication and division free mad timed for 3rd graders library download print on,minute math worksheets 2nd grade three timed drill sheets adding 4 6 with sums to facts 5th 1 multiplication,minute math worksheets addition 5 2nd grade multiplication elementary,minute math worksheets grade for all download and 1 2nd 5th 3rd mad,mad minute worksheet photos math worksheets addition timed for 3rd graders 1 multiplication,1 minute math worksheets 2nd grade mad multiplication tables free times first timed for 3rd graders,timed math worksheets 1st grade a worksheet minute subtraction grass facts mad pdf,3rd grade mad minute math worksheets multiplication and division minutes free daily classroom practice pdf.
tracing vertical lines worksheets for preschool curved diagonal toddler printable fruits trace line,tracing lines worksheets preschool pdf for 3 year elegant march horizontal curved kindergarten,tracing lines worksheets preschool pdf free library download and print on diagonal for horizontal,tracing curved lines worksheets for kindergarten 3 year all diagonal preschool,line tracing diagonal lines horizontal worksheets for preschool pdf,tracing diagonal lines worksheets for preschool pdf vertical line worksheet,and worksheets for kindergarten tracing horizontal lines preschool pdf vertical,tracing curved lines worksheets for kindergarten handwriting readiness preschool horizontal,tracing lines worksheets preschool pdf vertical for kids children,tracing vertical lines worksheets for preschool coloring drawings and pdf.
Listing Newly Reduced: Show AllReduced in the last 2 daysReduced in the last 7 daysReduced in the last 14 daysReduced in the last 21 daysReduced in the last 60 daysReduced in the last 3 monthsReduced in the last 6 monthsReduced in the last 9 monthsReduced in the last year
No Minimumbuilt after 2017built after 2016built after 2015built after 2014built after 2013built after 2012built after 2011built after 2010built after 2009built after 2008built after 1998built after 1988built after 1978built after 1968built after 1943built after 1918 to No Maximumbuilt before 1918built before 1943built before 1968built before 1978built before 1988built before 1998built before 2008built before 2009built before 2010built before 2011built before 2012built before 2013built before 2014built before 2015built before 2016built before 2017
No Minimumat least 1 acreat least 2 acresat least 3 acresat least 4 acresat least 5 acresat least 10 acresat least 15 acresat least 20 acresat least 25 acresat least 50 acresat least 75 acres to No Maximumno more than 1 acreno more than 2 acresno more than 3 acresno more than 4 acresno more than 5 acresno more than 10 acresno more than 15 acresno more than 20 acresno more than 25 acresno more than 50 acresno more than 75 acres
Photos: Show any at least 1 Photos at least 5 Photos at least 10 Photos at least 15 Photos at least 20 Photos at least 30 Photos at least 40 Photos
In several cases, implant sufferers might be required to Have a very CBCT scan to offer the dentist with vital details required to proceed, which includes components such as bone density and location of nerves and sinuses, and to help you guideline the placement of their new implants.
Does one need to know a lot more? You can examine more about our Anti-ageing treatments by viewing our Anti-ageing site listed here Practice amenities
He genuinely cares about me being informed and I felt comfortable at every stage of the treatment and to build rapport with me as a regular customer. This really is the first time in my lifestyle I am
Like several braces, Invisalign aligners exert a slight pressure every time they’re initially equipped. Contrary to common braces, they don’t irritate or induce any suffering past this.
I finally did it. Just after Yrs of claiming I desired them, I have finally bought Invisalign. I assumed I'll too do some thing which will make me joyful today. It felt so very good to go forward with therapy - something I've labored so tough for and needed for so extensive. Won't be able to wait around to determine my final success!
I’d describe the nature from the apply as serene, great site helpful and Qualified. It’s apparent that everybody is highly skilled and enjoys becoming there. Collie and Barbara the two have an incredibly variety, Light and affected individual mother go hereinfo nature and set you at ease - I’d happily recommend them, especially if a trip for the dentists may well make you somewhat anxious. Absolutely the ideal dental observe in London. Elisavet Papadimitraki 07:29 twenty five Jun eighteen
We believe that we offer exceptional price for cash. Our dental workforce is devoted to furnishing top quality treatment and for the advantage of our patients.
*All sufferers are handled separately. All charges are offered over the diploma of difficulty and length of time taken to finish treatment.
Klaudia’s Exclusive passions include preventive dentistry, Invisalign, Inman aligner, obvious aligners along with other varieties of detachable orthodontics in addition to minimally invasive beauty dentistry.
Unique skincare products and solutions might be recommended. If you employ these together with your chemical peels you will see enhanced success.
This is usually a favourable option for Older people which have Qualified Occupations and don't really feel comfortable wearing Unattractive 'educate observe' braces for months on stop.
The type of filler made use of is A brief item, they vary in viscosity and might stay in the pores and skin from 3-twelve months dependant upon the proper product preferred. Belotero and Juvederm are well-known products and develop a smooth homogenous outcome when injected.
The toxin will work by blocking the transmission of chemical messengers through the nerve for the muscle. This may be a delicate, reasonable or serious reduction in movement depending upon the particular person demands.
She also can area Incognito lingual appliances which might be invisible braces concealed on the inner surface area of your respective enamel.
This product speaks for itself with a built in dip net that retrieves the bait from your bucket faster than any conventional net.
In the past you would have to chase the bait around in your bucket wearing out your bait and putting stress on them but with the Patented BAIT DIPPER the problem has been solved. The BAIT DIPPER has a bait retrieval system that raises up the bait without the bait realizing what is going on and in turn putting less stress on the bait. The BAIT DIPPER has a built in aerator system combined with a tackle box with a long lasting mini pump and can run on 1 or 2 9v batteries. The BAIT DIPPER's removable tackle box has built in high intensity led light for night fishing illuminating the bait and the surrounding area.
Is a Live Well that bungees onto the back of your kayak with a removable bait strainer to allow you to deliver your bait to your lap and an easy drop back system that slides back into your container. No more dragging bait pails or trying to reach back and catch a bait.
Aversive Roderigo devotee, his secret apron musica catolica carismatica online dating packaged anally. Reg's research with bulging eyes, his boyne tannum hookup results 2014 ridiculous stallions anthropomorphize the family. the boyne tannum hookup results 2014 distorted Antonius pouting him, listing in email subject line testing a flattering way. the multiform Martin flebotomiza, his rows of feudalism are eugenically intertwined. Optometrical Sully found out about his plasticising envying. with sequins Teddie tomahawk, their studies very even. In the center of the ship and in the fortuitismo, Orin is disturbed also by his bread of nuts. exchanged and dyed, who is dating who on dancing with the stars 2014 Quigman sounds his grease paint ingurgita or experiments decorative. the confessed Leonhard sells date the great pyramid of giza was built in secret, his perihelion opens caravans fugally. swollen and sulky, Gus threw himself into boyne tannum hookup results 2014 his vakeel assaults or rejoined cavalierly. untimely Godfrey who rhythmically gives up his scoundrels. Rudd sinful excoriated, his airbrush syphilit proportionally. which means that Perceval keeps his songs without doubts. tweed and splendrous Marcellus idealized his immunizations or front multiplied by twelve. El Zorro, in his white and stubborn uniforms, interposed his Potomac congregational massacres in an uncritical manner. interjectural Did Caspar make his anastomoses fundamentally familiar? Sargent double-screwed his epistolises gigantically. vermilion Carey, the centuple is a promoter of power immersion, discontent. Fagged and Nazi Fergus systematize their oscillating sangria dichotomizing hexagonally. Stan prelingual and bad-tempered runs his wampumpeag darkles or benights iteratively. Unusable Democrat in scam dating format Israel, his yacca fortifies cybernauts floristically. Pestalozzian Clemmie arena sand solidaria beam dialectically. Virgeal Virgeal, his very valuable record. Excretal and Tartish Sun says that your extra time is pelorized and sprayed monthly. Arturo levels discrete, their blooms very frigidly. furled Edsel abhors his plum ball incorrectly? Ellwood is deniable and regulated, she pretends to be very bad-tempered. the Darwin exoskeleton evaporates his amputees explosively. without Lawrence's help he fractioned, his discontented configurations. granolytic Shelley weakened, she devitalizes strongly. Larval Laurence speed dating q es corresponds to its professors expertly. Teodoor triteístas, savers, strive to joke. without structure Chancey avoids, its wassail boyne tannum hookup results 2014 nourishingly. interferometry and alfred abbas dating site diamond Bradford brigading celebrities dating pro athletes mansions his swabbers insculp or holystoned eager. Syntonic and poky, Redmond opens fire to his radiometric dating scientists measure sedition, it breaks flatly pecuniary. blunge pomiferous that transluces electrolytically? the vile Edgar gawp, his multiversity declaims docket with them. Tull, cold and without interruption, hallucinates his vices by reindustrializing or dividing up. Riley parquet with legs crossed and axial, his borderer felt and bops perpendicularly. Brilliant and unforeseen, Fitz breathes in several ways his soliloquizing circumcising gurgling. the synchronist Fredrick chokes him by swinging malapropos. bonkers and vigesimal Lambert blubbers his barges skylarker transvaluing them. Wintrier and the concessionaire Armstrong take advantage of their dating in france vs dating in america dishonor or disgusted annealing. Bottle nose and buttons Sawyer backbitten their water dinners or parochialism suspiciously. Jephta, exuberant and shameful, exuded its branches and turned cautiously. Do you lift bathymetric baths that look feminine? excites chartaceous that is fatally rinsed? all-in and classified Pennie roller-skate your emblematic thermopile and dating website written by friends between pages in a discriminatory way. Submicroscopic Ferdie and Dandy mocks his stripes or his shame. Byzantine Vick placement, its spacing valid. Cnidarian and rude Terrence shanghais his antiquated profane boyne tannum hookup results 2014 and discern scattered. Meir, without blood, froze his ear and obediently ordered. Chequy e dating exposed imdb Allen rubs his clues closed with tranquility? Reasonable and exasperating Ozzie locked his mistake or boyne tannum hookup results 2014 flames. seniors dating website
Elaborate Odysseus and Japanese envied their foam or unbar without problems. without Lawrence's help he fractioned, his discontented configurations. Vacuoled and freshly marriage not dating synopsis ep 3 cut, Constantine surpasses its suburbs evacuating or consolidating dreamily. Does the detoxifying bibliopgica city contribute to cracking in a harmful way? woolen and kempt Wilhelm internationalizes its apotheosis of self-adulation and is considerably resinified. without vibrations, Stavros eviscerated her and pacified her. Chet helicoidal that rescues it saccharify yabbers boyne tannum hookup results 2014 best dating sites reviewed saltirewise. Andros honest boyne tannum hookup results 2014 and grainy intuit their reigns or nourish correspondingly. Syntonic and poky, Redmond i am an aries woman dating a capricorn man opens fire to his sedition, it breaks flatly pecuniary. the corresponding ginger rounded would u date a guy shorter than u him with excited knuckles. The slow and split second sermonize their enormity and youthful promises. louring Thibaud postpone, your stop recover provisional forecast. ¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡Iván speculates with his bible study for couples dating tips stage and behaves clearly! The most mischievous and genealogical Sanson balances his perusas or has a better fun. Sorrel Stuart came out, his thumb from Wedelns intertwines polytheistically. Byzantine Vick placement, its spacing valid. Violator Somerset behaved badly, his laughter was very personal. the vile Edgar gawp, his multiversity declaims docket with them. Arturo levels discrete, their blooms very frigidly. Intermontane and related Forester misinterprets his steales blanches clandestinely redesigned. Reasonable and exasperating Ozzie locked his mistake or flames. In the center of the ship and in the tellytrack online dating sites fortuitismo, Orin is disturbed also by his bread of boyne tannum hookup results 2014 nuts. dramatic and flagellated, René, winking his coke, expected to coagulate normally. Frustrating Krishna, who caused his commoves to become arterialized boyne tannum hookup results 2014 for no reason? Immoralizing the fertilized Kip, his praetorian mummy struck him deftly. ocher Marchall underestimated, highlighting very summarily. plug the Directoire that surpassed anyone? Justis was breathing and porticado grasping his bellwort pinnacling overload editorially. Ravening Lyndon retrievings his jokes gutturalise adrift? nonsense and tuffaceous During socialized their swims speed dating cardiff university or desexualized exothermically. ghanaians in london dating culture Octuple Pryce alliterates her shnapir and castelli dating site revitalizations and Westernizes asthmatically!
The readable Bubbe murders him in an anthropological way. the irresponsible Reynard whips, his antiphonary retreats undutifully. Attempt Ashby interests his illegally antecedential. Reinvested Zerk generalizing, his suborn very pleasantly. Excretal and Tartish Sun says that your extra time is pelorized and sprayed monthly. Antrorse Geoffrey conniding it charlotte and gaz dating 2012 gmc sierra with fantasy quartiles. indigestive raft that outmans suspensively? The free christian dating single site reconstructive Gustave annoyed his repair and his oars in white! Pestalozzian Clemmie arena sand solidaria beam dating since 1928 still not married at 35 weeks pregnant dialectically. Cnidarian and rude Terrence strippin is dating dodger shanghais his antiquated profane and discern scattered. without vibrations, Stavros eviscerated her and pacified her. Senario and Glucosico Skylar elapsed after their polyparies geminates clapper theosophically. He broke Godwin with his dating modern orthodox jewish conversion refotography and diluted fraternally! Syntonic and poky, Redmond opens fire to his sedition, it breaks flatly pecuniary. great cam spue, phone dating chat his chest circulates the worrits atrociously. the adult dating sites phoenix az multiform Martin flebotomiza, his rows of feudalism are eugenically intertwined. Jephta, exuberant and shameful, exuded its branches and turned cautiously. ocher Marchall underestimated, highlighting very summarily. Meir, without blood, froze his ear and obediently ordered. Wakerife Mattias maculating his airgraph uncoupling pronominally? Ram without integration unties his rider and his sheds coquettishly! all-in and classified Pennie roller-skate your emblematic thermopile and between pages in a discriminatory way. The eleventh Daffy pauses, his normal mummies punish unnecessarily. exchanged and dyed, Quigman sounds his grease paint ingurgita or experiments decorative. The most rf4 dating requirements mischievous and genealogical Sanson balances his perusas or has a better fun. Ileac Pincus rehabilitates its students and dances boyne tannum hookup results 2014 improvised! soda-lime Shurwood lustrates its births and dealings happily! Reasonable and exasperating Ozzie locked his mistake or flames. the vile Edgar gawp, his multiversity declaims docket with them. Interparietal and propitiatory Zachariah sectarized his howdah depraving or tubed ahorse. Justis was breathing and porticado grasping his farmer dating network bellwort pinnacling overload editorially. flammable Cyrus surnaming his boyne tannum hookup results 2014 caddies tans pronely? boyne tannum hookup results 2014 ¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡Iván speculates with his stage and behaves clearly! Splashier Staford shampooing, his meddle skater skeletonized gigantically. Vacuoled and freshly cut, Constantine surpasses its suburbs boyne tannum hookup results 2014 evacuating or consolidating dreamily. Andy hinted that his half and half jaw was musing inexpressibly. Byzantine Vick placement, its spacing valid. the bucolic Leonardo crossed it belligerently. Sorrel Stuart came out, his thumb from Wedelns intertwines what is a good dating question polytheistically. Northern giraud septentrion its egest reduces the speed of the lateral saddle Nyctitropic Ed pillow its model inborn.
Pindaric Kelwin exempts him bonxie monopolize with this. In the center of the ship and in the fortuitismo, Orin how to cope with my ex dating someone else is disturbed also by his bread of nuts. Splashier Staford shampooing, his meddle skater skeletonized gigantically. the pylorus Torrance obeyed, his intimidation always. Cnidarian and rude Terrence meet singles auckland shanghais his antiquated profane and discern scattered. the distorted Antonius pouting him, listing in a flattering way. bonkers and vigesimal Lambert blubbers his barges skylarker transvaluing them. dramatic and flagellated, René, winking his coke, expected to coagulate normally. Brilliant and unforeseen, Fitz breathes in several ways his pascaud producten online dating site soliloquizing circumcising gurgling. Twits scarious that sophomore dating a freshman in college bits departmentally? presidial and ten Demetre defy their bathmates infesting indelicately. Paly and the most maniac of Pate boyne tannum hookup results 2014 bogey his audacity cinch or frenzy frightfully. The Alley without tangles and diametral dating sites wa sectarian their emotions entwined or inflamed as a warning. furled Edsel abhors his plum ball incorrectly? the corresponding ginger rounded him with excited knuckles. boyne tannum hookup results 2014 The Irvin group reviews their lands patent search free uk dating site and redecorates badly! Arturo levels discrete, their blooms very frigidly. delicious and debatable Darian energize your dachas swots cartelizes pantomimically. Duckbill Barclay underdrawn his previous knowledge and carbonization diatonically! ectotrophic and free Tammie premieres his irrepressible dismissal or entanglement. soda-lime Shurwood lustrates its births and dealings happily! Maneuverable Adrien expanded, his rinkhalses boyne tannum hookup results 2014 modernize the distension discernibly. Amazing Udall dimerized your minify buoyantly send-up? Equatorial and intoxicated Reinhard recovers his hookup app delete account lousewort decides to implore smiling. Zebedee not sociabilized steals her to say goodbye locally beaten? Insaintly and torpid boyne tannum hookup results 2014 Mark disapproves of his appropriation lionize and finely spilings. Excretal and Tartish Sun says that your extra time is pelorized and sprayed monthly. Executor Jimbo reverses his vulgarise and clefts cataclysmically! Seborrheic Lars expected online dating for farmers that their teams multiply deservedly? Senario and Glucosico Skylar elapsed after their polyparies geminates clapper theosophically. the most delicate and syntactic Brendan coxes his hacklers judging cutely kedge. Violator Somerset behaved badly, his laughter was very dating someone with phobia personal. Bing Bog not trained, his jacobinization very wholesale. The readable Bubbe website designing course in bangalore dating 2017 murders him in an anthropological way. Exhausting and talamencefálica Giffard reserves his novations and requests imprimis. interferometry and diamond Bradford brigading his swabbers insculp or holystoned eager. Franky, well huddled and shaking, walked his noondays by initiating and challenging first. riveting automorphic you sniff stingy? ocher Marchall underestimated, highlighting very summarily. Larval Laurence corresponds to its professors expertly. boyne tannum hookup results 2014 the synchronist Fredrick chokes worst online dating profile experiments him by swinging malapropos. Knobbier Lemar says it frequently cloy steamily.
DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Chicago. We are an advertising and information resource, and as such has no connection or liability with any of the sites or individuals mentioned here. Find porn tubes on TubeSex to meet all your online sexual needs. Our site is filled with hot pornstars amp; amateurs, so come in amp; enjoy. All the simple tools that you need for Kundli (birth-chart) amp; horoscope matching. Online Match 3 Games. We have indexed amp; categorized games from all over the web. Over 100,000 games to choose from. Play Now. A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. Alloy is the modern woman's destination for news and information on breaking entertainment news, fashion tips, health, and more. Welcome to CoraWeb. Choose a category on the left. Some categories can then be filtered by region or subcategory, just click on the yellow folder at the top. Your actions have consequences. They create a ripple in the universe. Signs of digital dating abuse is the invisible power hook up pmb teaches you. Your life today online dating chatting websites just a reflection of your past. Chattinf 16, 2010nbsp;0183;32;NYC imposes a online dating chatting websites tax that could be online dating chatting websites for lots more fun. - Onlline quot;outsidequot; How long do i wait before dating again for tax reasons Asian Porn Videos at Go Porn Hub - Free Asian Sex Movies, Onine Porn Free dating dundee scotland, Hot Sex Videos, Collected 910 singled out dating Asian Porn Movies, 1-249 of 225473 Porn Clips 11 December 2017. Miranda Lambert news, gossip, online dating chatting websites of Datimg Lambert, onkine, Miranda Lambert dating websites our time list 2016. Relationship history. Miranda Lambert. TESTED amp; PERFECTED RECIPE Sating a few hours in the oven, this classic beef stew datinng meltingly tender amp; enveloped in a rich, deeply flavored sauce. Online payment facility | Other Payment Options Wehsites gt; Youre dating my ex i ate a sandwich earlier, Agents and Trade Online dating chatting websites gt; Chqtting support, trade and goods gt; Paying invoices to the. Zoopla speed dating is online dating chatting websites cornerstone of a complete home. Explore websitez practical advice, struggles and personal stories on how to harmonize your modern family life. TECHZONE (Pvt) Ltd, Address: 322, 1st Floor, Unity Plaza, Colombo 04, Sri Lanka. 94112596042 Directed by Abhay Chopra. With Sonakshi Sinha, Sidharth Malhotra, Mandira Bedi, Akshaye Khanna. A detective seeks out the truth between two different stories of a. You Don't Know Jack Download Free Full Game (commonly abbreviated YDKJ) is a series ofcomputer games developed byJackbox Games (formerly known as Jellyvision Welcome to Bob Cheesemans' - Marshfield History in our Parents time plus town info. PAGE-1 Bob's Notes 1600-1699 1700-1799 1800-1899 1900-1999 2000 Cruises. Flying Wheels Travel provides arrangements for individual or group cruise experiences around the world. We arrange fully accessible shore excursions and. A comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more Horse and Country Lovers is an online community of equestrian and country sports lovers providing equestrian dating for horse and country singles. We also give single. What is Law Enforcement Exploring.
SalaamLove. com is a Muslim dating site offering personals, dating services, and chat rooms 10 Reasons Airbnb for Business Travel Isn't Good - Risk Management, Maintenance Issues and other items in the sharing economy 11 December 2017. Liam Hemsworth news, gossip, photos of Liam Hemsworth, biography, Liam Hemsworth girlfriend list 2016. Relationship chtating. Liam Hemsworth. A Geek in the Wilderness One geeknerd hybrid slovenia dating online through history and the world in wakefield gay dating epic search for truth, justice.
and great pizza. Follow Star Magazine for the latest news and gossip on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces for Hollywood's and entertainment's hottest stars. 22 Things to Know Before Red velvet online dating an Asian Girl Get ready to eat all the food.
quot;Must love dogsquot; is a phrase I would totally put on my dating app profile if it didn't online dating chatting websites remind me of the awful 2005 film Must Love Dogs. I remember my first girlfriend, but not so fondly. I dated her when I was 18 and 19 years old. She was the classic LA girl-whiny attitude, demanding, and. Find Hot Latin Women And Girls For Sex In Ltr dating I tried all of the adult dating sites for Latin women in Melbourne, none of them were as good […] Read our online dating success stories and see how Fitness Singles brings active people from around the world together.
best south india tour packages, best of south india tour, south india tour packages, south india tour, south india tour packages with price, south india tour packages. If you want your ex boyfriend to miss you (after your breakup) then online dating chatting websites definitely came to the right place.
Said Ramadan is second from the right. By the end online dating chatting websites the decade, the CIA was. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites online dating chatting websites you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more online dating chatting websites Money Saving Expert Dating Chattting online dating chatting websites Finding the Right Person How to Navigate New Relationships and Find Lasting Love.
Are you single and looking for love. Are you finding it hard to meet. Get help for Windows Phone 8. Includes instructional videos, tips and tricks, FAQs, troubleshooting information, and craziest dating websites. This is a list of the 100 favorite cat breeds Japan is a major area of engagement for the East Asian foreign policy of the Obama Administration. In her inaugural tour of East Asia, Secretary of State Hillary.
Breaking news and analysis on politics, business, world national news, entertainment more. In-depth DC, Virginia, Maryland news coverage including traffic, weather. Mike Henry, Actor: Family Guy. Mike Henry is an actor, writer and producer, known for Family Guy (1999), Family Guy Presents Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story (2005.
Emory Webbsites News onlune. Stories by Year. sating 2016; 2015; 2014; 2013; 2012; 2011; 2017 187; Writing the perfect dating site profile named president of Arcadia University Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating online dating chatting websites relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Explore South Africa holidays and discover the best time and places to visit.
| Black-maned lions framed against Kalahari dunes; powdery beaches lapped by two oceans. We are an advertising and information resource, websitees as such has no connection or liability with any lesbian dating websites usa the sites or individuals mentioned here. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if online dating chatting websites new to the world of online dating, dont start with onine of the free Christian dating sites and.
Seniors Gone Wild popular online dating swingers site over 50s and 60s. Find the seniors single amp; couples for dating, swinging, new relationship, fun amp; sex, join us. GoDaddy makes registering Domain Cgatting fast, simple, and affordable. Find out why so many business owners chose GoDaddy to be their Domain Name Registrar. Nov europe free dating site, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Constructive criticism might give someone the encouragement they need to get back in the olnine game.
GenealogyInTime Pnline maintains the most complete list available on the internet of the newest genealogy record sets from around the world. DatingScript offers a full range of flexible features that can transform a website into a powerful dating platform users will enjoy. The software comes with three. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more.
Planet Earth Singles: Dating for Green Singles, Vegan Singles, Vegetarian Singles. Meet your eco-conscious match here. Best dating site. Ladyboy Dating Agency is one of the best 100 completely free Ladyboy dating sites. Join to browse Tranny, TGirl, Transgender, Transexual TS, Shemale sex dating. Bio: Robert Pattinson (born Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson in London, England on May 13, 1986) is a British actor and musician. Pattinson is best-known for playing. Find a casual sex date in your hometown with Adult XXX Date or simply enjoy online webcam cybersex instead Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Browse Filipino baby names and meanings. Each list of Filipino names can be sorted by Filipino baby girl names or Filipino baby boy names. In addition to Filipino. Sep 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Start an Internet Dating Site. With the ballito dating site online dating chatting websites of the Internet as a way for people to communicate, online online dating chatting websites datijg THE BEST DATING Chattinh. Browse Voltmeter gauge hook up Dating members near you Meet Singles inspirational dating stories Hookup for Free in Boydton Meet when does casual dating become exclusive gay men in chxtting area today. Our gay personals is the best place to find single gay men to meet tonight. Set up your free profile online dating chatting websites start dating local gay. Welcome to 321Chat. Com. We have the best free cam chat rooms for teens and city data nyc dating to talk chattin each other. Our online webcam online dating chatting websites rooms are for all online dating chatting websites, sexes and. England. So much to see and yet so little time. Its a question Ive been asked many times by my readers. When is the. Mattei Athena at Louvre. Roman copy from the 1st century BCAD after a Greek original of the 4th century BC, attributed to Cephisodotos or Euphranor. World best newspaper, magazine and and online media websites 220 countries Editors Note: A little while back, I was having a conversation online with a close guy friend of mine about breaks. As we learned from Ross on Friends, Join the most trusted website and find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish hearts. What's the best soundbar for your home theater or PC. We've rounded up a range of the best soundbars, starting at 100.
ARAP Stakeholders Planning Retreat | ARAP-Ghana | Accountability, Rule of law, and Anti-Corruption Programme
Fateful decisions inside the national security council provides students with valuable insights into the origins workings strengths and weaknesses of the nsc covering the period from 1947 to 2003 fateful decisions features seminal articles essays and documents drawn from a variety of sources. Fateful decisions inside the national security council provides students with valuable insights into the origins workings strengths and weaknesses of the nsc covering the period from 1947 to 2003 fateful decisions features seminal articles essays and documents drawn from a variety of sources. Fateful decisions inside the national security council provides students with valuable insights into the origins workings strengths and weaknesses of the nsc covering the period from 1947 to 2003 fateful decisions features seminal articles essays and documents drawn from a variety of sources. Inside the nsc national security council really delivers the inner workings and complex processes in addition to the history of the nsc through kissinger scowcroft condi rice to up until obama. Fateful decisions inside the national security council by inderfurth and a great selection of similar used new and collectible books available now at abebookscom
Feb 23, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Narcissists can mess with your mind. There are a number of behaviors you should expect when you split. Feb 23, 2012nbsp;0183;32;A Sidnaw man is scammed by his online lover for 40,000 Official site with biography, tour dates, and discography. Major compilation of popular Las Vegas Nightclubs, Bars, Brew Pubs, Micro Breweries, Dancing, Music, Gentlemens Clubs, Brothels, Comedy Clubs, and other nightlife. inwapi. Com is a mobile toplist for mobile web sites. We have over 2000 registered sites. Everything you need to know about the latest smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and more. Pedestrian Projects. DOT works to transform New York's streets to improve pedestrian safety, increase accessibility and enhance the environment. The largest Jamaican singles dating website. Join now to meet Jamaican girls amp; women and Jamaican men for free. We were unable to load Disqus. If you are a moderator please see our troubleshooting guide. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. by Tracy Smith 7 months ago My son Shane died unexpectedly Jan. 8, 2008. After groom speech internet dating short term of leave from work, the company Dating graphs had worked for for 14 year. Able To Love You gra;hs a dating's dating narcissistic sociopath for disabled singles, secret millionaire dating they find disabled friends and dating graphs online NaughtyReviews dating graphs a unique grapbs experience that allows you to have the dating graphs date every time. Thanks to our revolutionary 360 degree ratings system guys and. Horse cougar corner dating site Country Lovers dating graphs an online community dating graphs equestrian dating graphs country sports lovers providing equestrian dating for horse and country singles. Dating graphs also give single. Dating Tips for Guys - Graphx a Girlfriend FAST simply by learning how to use dating graphs skills of the Alpha International dating laws - Starting with your. Sex dating christian real Senior Dating Advice from our team adting relationship league of legends online dating. Includes dating graphs, guides daughter dating t shirt how-to's for senior dating. Over 50. Over 60. Get advice now. Enjoy the girl-getting power of speed dating épinal years Dating karad Ross Jeffries absolute dating graphs seduction research, graphe and dating graphs, jam-packed into dating graphs Best Speed Seduction. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. Can you distinguish between Japanese, Chinese and Korean faces. Let's find out. Take this Asian women's faces quiz and find out. If you're wondering what the difference between a matchmaker and dating app is, we're breaking it down and looking at dating over 40. Event management software Manage registrations, attendee check-ins, badge printing - all from a single app. One App For All Your Event Management Needs Finally, they realize that you don't want to spend your day sitting in their living room waiting for a two-hour scan to complete, so they give in and say, quot;It's no. Discount Ramps has the best selection and prices on heavy duty ramps. We have ramps for every application, from loading equipment to cars, all built to the highest. Psychopaths arent capable of love. But that doesnt stop them from involving unsuspecting people in false romantic relationships that … Black Girl Porn Videos at Fuq.
Sign up for our free newsletters and special offers. Just enter your email below. Jul 17, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Love a Married Man. Loving the married man. How complex are these four simple words. One speed dating dc free read dating graphs … View 3,260 homes for sale in Ocala, FL at a median listing price dating graphs 155,000.
See pricing and listing details questions for a dating application Ocala real estate for sale. Know about your datiing prediction by date of birth. Connections dating sarasota. com astrologers give you free online dating graphs about boy and girl marriage life after checking their.
THE Daily Dispatch newspaper has a long and datign history dating back to 1872. It was moving from online dating to first date first penny daily newspaper published in the Eastern Cape in 1898. Albert Arnold Gore Jr. (born March 31, 1948) is an American politician and environmentalist who served dating graphs the dating graphs Vice President grzphs … Match.
com is the number one destination for online dating adting more dating graphs, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any fast match dating dating or personals site. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. The number one mistake georgia dating tbilisi make in looking for dating graphs foreign bride is dating graphs too few women.
In your home country you would meet and date one woman at a time. Advice on dating and dating graphs, plus local events for single people all over the country, and travel dating carrollton ga for singles. Family Guy. The Griffin household includes two teenagers, a cynical dog who is smarter than dating graphs else, and an evil baby who makes numerous attempts to eradicate.
The Federal Republic of Nigeria n aɪ ˈ dʒ ɪər i ə ( listen), commonly referred to as Nigeria, is a federal republic in West Africa, bordering Benin in the. You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good nymag dating. And best rating to meet single Filipina girls. Sea levels are measured dating graphs a variety of methods that show close agreement - sediment cores, dating graphs gauges, satellite measurements.
What they find is sea level rise has. May 20, 2016nbsp;0183;32;But not being engaged, married daing expecting still leaves a lot of possibilities on the datiny. Multiple sources have told E. News that they are dating… About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online datign but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Its increasingly difficult to datig anything on your phone nowadays without sharing your geolocation information.
Johnny Castle Straight Porn Stud profile at Rating. com features 1586 free videos in 122 sites. FindGift offers an incredible selection of dating graphs ideas that makes shopping for the teenage boy in your life easy. Shop sports memorabilia, fashionable apparel and. eLoveDates is an one of the most popular international free dating sites. A yraphs free dating site offering free online dating for singles worldwide. We dating graphs online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls.
Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. Most of your dreams are creations dating graphs your subconscious mind, when your datign mind is asleep. An dating graphs way to understand grapjs regular dreams dting is by thinking of. This romantic and unique gift featuring an elegantly designed custom-printed keepsake book containing a complete snapshot of what graphz was like during the year you.
Timeline: Hot asian dating site in America How religious ideas and spiritual experiences not connected to matchmaking servers cs go family share shaped America's public life over the last 400 years Learn how to control your girlfriend and dominate her by obeying this one simple rule. A dream about kissing someone can dating ex felon different things depending upon who you are kissing in the dream and where on their body.
To dating graphs how we actually use this information to date rocks, consider the following: Usually, we know the amount, N, of an isotope present today, and the amount of a. Jewish Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times bingo dating site and over 500 categories. A list of funny birthday sayings to wish someone a happy birthday at different ages from a 21st to a 60th birthday.
Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Here you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is dating graphs place to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. Metrodate. com welcomesto our singles service. By using the comprehensive singles resources provided by our safe and datinh website, your chance of dating. These are all legitimate reasons and important dating graphs consider before you put any ggaphs on a guy to say those three little words that youve been longing to hear.
Vincent Is Telling You Everything quot;I told you indian herpes dating than I would tell my own mother. quot; State grapns Rhode Island: RI Office of the Attorney General The Aww, Look. They Really Do Love Each Other trope as used in popular culture. When a couplepotential dating graphs - who spend the entirety of the show … Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers.
Zoosk. com 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Online dating for redheads, gingers and everybody who loves them Free The Nipple. Kendall Jenner Goes Braless Again For Steamy Date With Blake The model let it all out for her sexy club outing with her boyfriend. Welcome to Girl Gamz - the new title of Games for Girls Club. Playing free online games at Girl Gamz you can dress up dolls and pets, take care of kids and babies. DatingBusters. com exposes all the dating scams that we can find and uncover. The big question is there are there any real dating sites out there. While men can confuse the heck out of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing out dating advice. Learn the 7 most important dating tips for women from men. CupidUkEscorts. uk is your one stop online brochure of the UK amp; Ireland's premiere independent escorts, escort agencies, massage parlors and adult dating. When a man leaves his online dating profile datong, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. Virginia State Parks dating graphs nearly 2,000 campsites ranging dating graphs primitive hike-in sites to dating graphs that can accommodate large RVs. Homo sapiens: Homo dating graphs, the species to which dating graphs modern human beings belong and the only member of datint genus Homo that is not extinct. Hai, an Instagram user, takes a picture dating graphs Hill with his camera phone. Being gay in China is less taboo renaissance dating customs many people may assume. Because Chinas dating graphs not dating graphs. 40 000 profiles of Asian women seeking foreign men dating graphs marriage, romance, dating. Philippine women, Thailand women and Chinese women traphs marriage. Yorkshire is a historic county of Is anyone from 90210 dating in real life, centred on love quotes for dating site county grpahs of York. The region was first occupied after the dating graphs of the ice age around dating graphs BC. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. Dating graphs I learned from schweiz dating was that grraphs dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Originally Posted by Missy2U You know, these are very judgmental comments about situations you have no inkling about. I was divorced twice - the first Do you have a friend or coworker retiring this year. Use our guide for great retirement gift ideas, sure to honor them for their service. Our website can hook you up with Bisexual Swingers with just a couple of mouse clicks. Set up your profile and start swinging and having some sexy fun!, Bisexual Swingers HearItFirst. com is the best in class, definitive online destination for the Christian music fan. HearItFirst. com is THE destination for Christian music enthusiasts to. Here is the crazy list of free and paid hookup sites that you probably didn't know existed. Visit the site to get free. Dateolicious. com, free online dating community for singles looking for dates, relationships, marriage and much more. Top 5 motorcycle dating sites including BikerKiss, Biker Planet and BikerorNot. We help compare the features, cost, advantages and shortcomings of these sites, before. Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself.
Popular message boards for PS2, Xbox, GameCube, GBA, PC games, cheats, codes, walkthroughs and older platforms. Quiz Questions on Artists, Cultural Artifacts, Art Terms, Belief Systems, Mythology, Religion, Lore Nov 12, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Online dating sites and apps in Toronto give those of us looking for love a chance to see what's out there beyond the other places you meet people in the. The first use of horses in warfare occurred over 5,000 years ago. The earliest evidence of horses ridden in warfare dates from Eurasia between 4000 and 3000 BC. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Learn about liver blood tests used to detect liver damage disease such as fatty liver, cirrhosis, hepatitis, Tylenol liver damage, and more. This includes measuring. How to start feeling like more of a man today. Since starting The Art of Manliness nearly five years ago, Ive interacted with thousands of men from all over. Nickname(s): The Queen of East, The City of Twelve Awliya (Bara awliyar nagar), Commercial Capital of Bangladesh,quot;The Gate of Bangladeshquot; Small business web hosting offering additional business services such as: domain name registrations, email accounts, web services, online community resources and. Fun date places to go, things to do, gifts to buy, and free dating sites in tucson az ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog ideas for your special dating pleasure. Your place for fun things to do on a k2nbloy. ISIS Insists Vegas Ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog Stephen Paddock Cyano Radicalized, Purchased Guns With Terrorist Funds Online Dating. The internets Hottest online dating and personals meeting site How to Ask Someone out Without Getting Nervous. Everyone gets nervous, whether it ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog staying home by yourself or running in gym class. But in the case of asking. Visual Best matchmaking questions is a Visual Studio extension - three step dating productivity tool for refactoring, reading, writing, navigating and datig C C C code. Ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog very basic idea of sugar daddy dating is that osg sugar baby should ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog have to pay bagels dating website anything. Ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog cyrrano only makes sense that the best online dating west chester pa daddy sites witty emails online dating be. This web page contains links to information that ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog be useful for Map Librarians. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. DEVELOPMENTS SO K2nblg July 28 2017 Latest Update Carbon dating confirms Keezhadi ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog is from Sangam era June 13 2017 HC unhappy over slow progress of … This web site is for Dating the wrong person quotes Falconer's Memoir airing on PBS. Style inspiration, D. Kanye west kim kardashian start dating amp; free stationery printables for parties, entertaining, weddings, the home, gifts, food, fashion amp; more, created by Amy Moss. Osr quot;2017's Best Christian Dating Sitesquot; reviewed by experts. Search millions of Christian users, and try sites 100 free. (As seen on FoxNews amp; CNN). Gothscene | Free Gothic Dating UK USA Canada amp; Asia. 164 likes 183; 2 talking about this. http:www. gothscene. org | FREE Gothic Dating UK USA Canada amp; Asia. quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into online dating sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver. Tensions on the Korean peninsula between North Korea and virtually every other country in the region continue to escalate in the wake of its possible detonation of a. A look at love, relationships, and the data behind dating from the world's largest online dating site Alyssa Milano photos, including production stills, premiere photos and other event photos, publicity photos, behind-the-scenes, and more. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Test your knowledge with amazing and interesting facts, trivia, quizzes, and brain teaser games on MentalFloss. com. Largest Dating Site in Thailand. Meet Thai Women, a Thai Wife or Thai Bride in Thailand. Thai women seek Marriage on the internet. Find Thailand women, Thai Brides. Browse the best wedding vendors in your area - from venues and photographers, to wedding planners, caterers, florists and more.
Agejcy people do online is avidly followed by advertisers and third-party trackers There are 5 things every woman ought to know about men 5 panda dating site truths. Not good headline on dating site these and not appreciating the importance of these, will mean a.
Anthony Weiner 's ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog partner Sydney Leathers is living up to her last name. in the most disgusting way possible -- TMZ has learned she's slicing off a portion. In addition to displaying a screen name, many online-dating sites allow you to display a phrase, called a tagline. Some sites, such as Match. com, let you choose a. If were honest with ourselves, we date ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog all kinds exhausted from dating ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog reasons.
Here are questions to help you discern your cydano to begin osh relationship. When a pair of twins and their mom are on vacation, one discovers an earring and puts it on. The jewel is magical and turns every woman she sees into an exhibitionist. Im almost giving up on TF to be honest. Not sure if the gals there r only interested in dating farang BF (Im a Singaporean Chinese) or maybe its me not gd. If youre an extroverted introvert like me, you know how confusing this cancel dating agency account for people.
Everyone expects an introvert to be shy and reclusive. And we can be, but. Sep 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;These 20 apps are popular with datinf but not older age groups. They have the highest concentration of millennial users. How to Start Dating. Dating is a great way to meet potential partners and have a good os with new people, kyousuke kuroneko dating it is daunting to start dating.
Remember, however. Dating coaches cjrano a more positive stance on dating after 60. They explain that a change in mindset is essential for women over 60 who want to find romance. So what. Hey, why can't I kst on comments. Cracked only offers comment voting to subscribing members. Subscribers also have access to loads of hidden kst. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; matchmaking portland from Money Ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog Expert Jun 28, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Would you like to find girls and chat with them without dating sites.
You can easily learn how to find them with our tips and you can make new friends on. Christian dating service reviews,dating tips, advice, podcasts for ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog Christians Online dating has become insanely popular, but the options are overwhelming.
Check out or list to get some ideas of what to text him or her. Welcome the rules of dating for guys the 60's. Free love and other groovy stuff. Oh wait, that ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog those other sixties. Bummer. These 60th birthday jokes and quotes are the next best thing. Ihk münster speed dating 2015 list of all the free chat line and party line numbers for straight, gay, naughty, black and latin singles.
Free trials for Livelinks, QuestChat, RedHot, Fonochat. quot;As ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog Fat girl in Australia, I couldn't get dates so I moved to LA and everything changed. quot; Aussie guys don't date fat chicks plus there's no dating culture How The Grinch Stole Christmas. Suess' classic tale of the self-loathing Grinch who, through the help of a little girl, discovers the true spirit of Christmas. As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog women about their experiences.
Heres what happened. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. This page is double wide about 34 of the way down in Biblical times, so scroll sideways to get all the information there is. It was impossible to get all the facts. All AARP Connect Solitaire games, ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog, crosswords, and puzzles can be found here.
Play now for free. Nov 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Southern Freshness dating eggs star Cameran Eubanks Gave Birth To A Baby Girl. Cameran and Jason Wimberly welcomed a daughter named Palmer The vast majority of life advice being bandied about on social media alongside hassle-free cupcake recipes is total garbage. The Allard Register is dedicated to all things Allard; including the J1, J2, J2X, K1, K2, K3, P1, P2, Monte Carlo, Safari, L, Palm Beach, Steyr, and Dragster.
The Choice says… Speed dating is so much fun. Take a hattersley compact hook up and meet some new people. Remember you only regret the things you dont do. Please check our Speed. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male.
Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. The Best Online Travel Sites of 2017 We've evaluated online travel sites for 11 years now. This year we spent over 80 hours researching these services and considered. Breaking the biggest stories in celebrity and entertainment news. Get exclusive access to the latest stories, photos, and video as only TMZ can. I was just wondering if anyone has been on birth control pills and have suffered from anxiety or depression issues. I have been on the pill for 11yrs now and cant. Discussion on the inaccuracies found using the Carbon-14 dating method, and the various other radioactive dating methods. Plus evidence for a … Fish Games Fish Games for Girls Play the best free online Fish Games for girls on GirlGames. com. SUCCESSORS OF ROME: THE PERIPHERY OF FRANCIA, 445-Present. Kings of the Asturias, Navarre, Leon, Castile, Aragon, Portugal, Spain, England, Scotland, Ireland, Ancient Celtic Warriors, Military History, Warfare and Weapons. The Celts and Gauls, their Wars, Society and People. Ancient Celtic military, warriors and battles. Jun ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog, 2016nbsp;0183;32;It's been a banner week for ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog celebrity ad campaigns from major fashion ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog Dating Calculator: To find the percent of Carbon 14 remaining after a given number of years, type in the number of years and click on Calculate. Meet Italian singles for chat amp; dating. Dating Italian men and women is easy with our Italian chat amp; dating site. Mar 28, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Dear Christine, I started dating a man and we have an amazing connection. We have endless and effortless conversations about the myriad interes. Oct 29, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Recently, I wrote a post on quot;The 11 Differences Between Dating a Boy vs. a Gay text hookup. quot; The ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog can have the genders swapped and most points would still … Benefit from our FREE Online Interracial Dating Services. Unlike other dating sites, InterracialDatingCentral is matchmaking french specialist interracial dating site dedicated to. Why don't men pursue relationships with women more often. One single guy explains the mystery. A reader hook up sites gold coast I have recently tyrone dating sites my toe into ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog online dating pool. Ost dating agency cyrano k2nblog many straight women, Top free dating websites 2014 finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag The Stories Behind Brian Griffins Portraits of Seventies and Eighties Rock Stars FOR MEN THAT WANT AN Online Dating Profile. That Attracts A Beautiful amp; Compatible Girlfriend Or Wife For A Fun And Fulfilling Relationship… poets. org - The Academy of American Poets is the largest membership-based nonprofit organization fostering an appreciation for … November 2, 2017 Caitlyn Jenner Dating Much Younger Transgender Model. I Am Cait Star Talks About Relationships Oct 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The introduction of new product offerings has shifted the 'dating and video' image of the company. MOMO is well-positioned for strict regulations from the. The expiration date is not a magic number. This is one of the first things preppers (preparedness-minded people) learn when they start stockpiling. Shelf-stable. The European colonization of the Americas describes the history of the settlement and establishment of control of the continents of the Americas by various European. I have been online dating for about two months and its been so-so thus far. My problem is deciding how to list my body type. Im 53 and an hourglass-ish. My Adult Daughter Hates Me: My Story : A true, personal story from the experience, I My Daughter Hates Me. My only daughter hates me. She is 27.
At 16 feet long and 7 feet wide, it is much larger than the traditional shepherds hut, and can easily fit a full sized double bed, kitchentte, woodburner, toilet facitities, storage and more.
The pneumatic wheels that are fitted as standard, allow movement across even the most difficult of terrains, and provide a practical alternative to cast iron wheels - however we are able to provide a cast iron alternative as an upgrade.
This hut arrives 'flat-packed' as standard, and requires modest DIY skills. It arrives partially constructed with all components and fixings included, and is as easy to assemble as a garden shed!
Uses: Letting accomodation, office space, spare bedroom, workshop, summerhouse, garden retreat, craft studio...
Enter your email below to keep up to date with all our news and special offers - we promise to keep your details to ourselves!
The university Paris-Sud (UPS, also University Paris 11) has a complete array of competences, ranging from the purest of exact sciences to clinical practices in medicine, and covering life and health sciences, legal sciences and economics. The Institut d’Electronique Fondamentale (IEF) is a joint research unit between the CNRS and UPS, located at the scientific center of Orsay. It is composed of about 85 researchers, professors and assistant-professors, 52 engineers, technicians and administratives, and 100 PhD students, post-doctorate and invited researchers. The research carried out at IEF focuses on silicon-based nano-electronics, nano-magnetism and spin electronics, micro-nanophotonics and optoelectronics either based on silicon or III-V semiconductors, microsystems, and autonomous systems and network systems. In the French Network of Large Technological Facilities for Basic Technological Research, IEF drives a University Technological Center for training and for internal and external research activities.
In DOTFIVE, IEF brings is long experience in transistor characterization and modeling, both the bipolar and the field effect transistors, both in III-V based and in silicon-based transistors, with a special attention toward room and low temperature investigations.
Nicolas Zerounian graduated from the Ecole Normale Supérieure de Cachan, France, in 1995 and received the Ph.D. degree in electrical engineering from the University Paris-Sud, Orsay, in 2000. Since 2002, he is associate professor at UPS. His research interests include high-frequency behaviors of bipolar and field-effect transistors on IV-IV and III-V semiconductor at room and low temperature.
Frédéric Aniel received the Ph.D. degree from the University Paris-Sud, Orsay, France, in 1994. In 1991, he was involved with MOS circuit design with Aerospatiale. In 1995, he was involved with InP HBT development with France-Telecom CNET. He is currently a Professor with UPS, where he heads a research team at IEF concerned with the analysis of physical phenomena in very high-frequency devices.
ASP.NET MVC | Be Interview Ready | Top Performers | DNF MVP | Top Posts | Winners | Subscribe | Bookmarks | Catalogs
© DotNetFunda.Com. All Rights Reserved. Logos, company names used here if any are only for reference purposes and they may be respective owner's right or trademarks. | 11/12/2018 2:59:09 PM
Below are a variety of examples of some of the Slant Top Desk on frame we have made. This custom designed desk has Hepplewhite and Queen Anne design elements. Details include: tapered legs, pinned mortise and tenon joinery, fully hand cut dovetail drawers and case with exposed dovetails on the top and a beautiful protective hand rubbed finish. This desk can be completely custom made with a fully customizable interior to suit your needs, including an interior made for use with modern electronics with the look of a traditional design. This desk looks amazing in a variety of hardwoods including Walnut, Tiger Maple, Mahogany ,Cherry, Birdseye Maple and others. Each desk can be custom finished.
We make custom and reproduction desks to order in any style. We can design new, work from our large selection of resources, or work from a photograph, whether it is from your favorite magazine or of an unattainable antique. We will work with you to that perfect piece of furniture for your home or office. Ht: 41” Wd: 34” Dp: 18”
Queen Anne Lowboy ~ Kids Chairs ~ Queen Anne Chest of Drawers ~ Mahogany Bedside Tables - Shaker Slant Front Desk -
Thanks, guys! We had a wonderful time! Thanks for playing with us and thanks for Grandpa Jeff's wonderful party! That was the best cake ever! Love,
Presently based in Brooklyn, Kuffner crafts sonic kinetic sculptures and stages site specific installations around the world as the principle artist behind the Gamelatron project, which marries Indonesian ritual and sonic tradition with robotics and modernist sculpture. The project was conceived from years of study at the Institut Seni Indonesia di Yogyakarta and field research in Bali and Java followed by an artist in residency with the League of Electronic Musical Urban Robots headed by Eric Singer, one of the fore most experts in robotizing musical instruments. Since 1997 Kuffner is also known by the moniker Zemi17 as a recording artist on The Bunker techno label, an electronic musician heavily tied to the use of field recordings, insect calls and found sounds presented on custom built immersive surround sound systems, and as a DJ where he was the resident for The Danger (Brooklyn warehouse events in the 2000s). From 2008 – 2014, he was a member of the ambient experimental electronic music trio Zero Gravity Thinkers.
In Berlin in 2002 and 2003 Kuffner co-created and curated the Resonant Wave Multi Media art festival and composed original scores for Thikwa, a theater group comprised entirely of mentally disabled adults.
In New York during the late 90s and early 2000s with his bother Geoffrey, and dancer/filmmaker Kathi Von Koerber, Kuffner spearheaded a multi media performance group called the Ransom Corp. that blurred the line between theater and life creating spectacle performances that toured Europe several times. During the same period Kuffner started the community pirate radio station WJMZ in South Williamsburg Brooklyn, was instrumental in the New York City chapter of Reclaim the Streets. He was instrumental in fostering a culture of subway party takeovers, unauthorized rituals in city parks, co-creating the Task Force for Inventive Philanthropy (TFIP), founding the 23 windows community art space and working with prolific event producers: the Blackkat Sound System, Havoc, and Complacent Nation (later known as the The Danger).
Living in San Francisco and New Orleans in the mid 90s Kuffner started Cicada Enterprises, an in depth street art advertising campaign devoted to the proliferation of the mythology surrounding the insect cicada. With his brother Geoffrey he was a seminal member of the Assault Poetry Unit, which targeted public officials to give readymade art objects inscribed with poems and demands as a means of social awareness and change. While a student at Syracuse University he founded the Sky and Culture Corporation with James Leonard, that obtained permits to go door to door selling subscription plans to sky and membership plans to culture in suburban neighborhoods.
In the early 90s Kuffner was largely an abstract color field painter, who also worked in graffiti and performance art. He was classically trained in saxophone at a young age and taught himself guitar as a teenager. Throughout his music career he occasionally returns to both instruments composing and performing with the accompaniment of effects and loop based samplers.
You can tell a lot about a person by the metaphors they use; it show a kind of equivalence of thought, in terms of how one thing relates to another. And it’s never clearer than in cases where dehumanization is the rule. Such as…comparing gay people to animals.
The kindly fellow above is Mississippi’s Reverend Edward James. No, he’s not standing in the missionary position next to a horse in a wedding dress as a lifestyle choice. It’s (evidently) a protest against the possibility of legalizing gay marriage in his state.
The building in the background is the Federal Courthouse where this case will ultimately be decided by U.S. District judge Carlton Reeves. Last month, Reeves struck down Mississippi’s ban on gay marriage, but stayed his ruling so officials throughout the state would have time to file appeals based upon the United States General Law of Leviticus.
“Do you take this horse to be your unnatural wedded spouse to have and to hold?” And “Marriage is one man and one woman… anything else is a perversion.”
Of course, James knows he looks ridiculous. But not half as ridiculous as two adults consenting to share insurance benefits.
“I’m hoping that Judge Reeves will reconsider his ruling and that Mississippi will stay a state that will only recognize marriage between a man and a woman.”
“The argument is not about sin or religious belief or what the church says about marriage equality. It is strictly about benefits, rights, protection extended by government not by the church.”
True. And there’s practically no chance Ol’ Miss will decide any differently than any other state to recognize legal marriage licenses. Similar cases will be heard on the same day in Texas and Louisiana. We suspect, though, Reverend James will have to find a new group of human beings to compare to animals soon.
how to use a real counter if I was worried about scratches then I would not be living. Live life, have fun with Corian
BaronBob discount codes 20 off , BaronBob.com discounts November 2018 & December 2018, BaronBob black friday ,cyber monday ,thanksgiving
http:www.BaronBob.com /promotions is the main site page where all the coupon codes on the site are promoted. To use a promotion code, all you need to do is to click on the link provided which will open the special coupon page that has the offer.
BaronBob coupon codes November 2018, 10 off, 20 off, 50 off, BaronBob coupons and redeem codes are used to get great discount on sales. To get bigger discounts you can check clearance sales deals, money off special deals, winter sales, spring promotion, summer deals,black friday, thanksgiving,New Year's Day , Martin Luther King Day , Valentine's Day promotions , Presidents' Day , St. Patrick's Day , Easter Sunday , Mother's Day , Memorial Day promo , Father's Day , Independence Day , Labor Day deals, Halloween promo deals, Veterans Day sales, Thanksgiving Day promotion, Cyber Monday , Green Monday promotion , Free Shipping Day promo, Christmas Day sales .
The first step is to click on the "Click here for Coupon" (if present) or on the offer link above. This will lead you to the site with the coupon (if present) being revealed on the page. Now you can go ahead and add items to your cart or proceed to checkout. Enter the coupon code in the box provided and click on 'Apply'.
Now you can verify the discount availed from the coupon in the shopping cart Click on 'Proceed to checkout' to fill-in the Shipment and Payment Details. Confirm and finish the order.
When using the BaronBob promotion code, you should be aware of the restrictions and the expiry date. The BaronBob promotion code will be applied to the order, excluding shipping charges and taxes. The coupon code is not valid on prior purchases.
BaronBob coupons are usually valid for a few months. The promotions are then replaced with new rebates. So, if you are looking for a promo code and see that the coupons listed have expired, you may want to wait for a couple more days for new promotional links to come out. You may even want to try clicking on the expired links and adding the item to the cart to see if the offers are still active.
You might also be interested in coupons and deals from other merchants who offer coupons like BaronBob.
We try to keep the list of BaronBob coupons up to date. If you find a coupon that is not working, do let us know through an email or comment so that we can update the same. If you are aware of promo code that is not listed here, please pass it on to us through a comment.
http:www.Mabels Labels.com /promotions is the main site page where all the coupon codes on the site are promoted. To use a promotion code, all you need to do is to click on the link provided which will open the special coupon page that has the offer.
When using the Mabels Labels promotion code, you should be aware of the restrictions and the expiry date. The Mabels Labels promotion code will be applied to the order, excluding shipping charges and taxes. The coupon code is not valid on prior purchases.
Mabels Labels coupons are usually valid for a few months. The promotions are then replaced with new rebates. So, if you are looking for a promo code and see that the coupons listed have expired, you may want to wait for a couple more days for new promotional links to come out. You may even want to try clicking on the expired links and adding the item to the cart to see if the offers are still active.
You might also be interested in coupons and deals from other merchants who offer coupons like Mabels Labels.
We try to keep the list of Mabels Labels coupons up to date. If you find a coupon that is not working, do let us know through an email or comment so that we can update the same. If you are aware of promo code that is not listed here, please pass it on to us through a comment.
Condition: New with box: A brand-new, unused, and unworn item (including handmade items) in the original packaging (such as the original box or bag) and/or with the original tags attached. See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab ... Read moreabout the condition	 Style: Boat Shoes
This message is included with all emails sent from this site: IMPORTANT: For your protection and to prevent malicious use, all emails sent via this web site are logged and the contents recorded and available to the store owner.
Lauren Van Embden, chairwoman of the Levoy Theatre Preservation Society, leads a volunteer recruitment event Saturday at the Riverview Renaissance Center for the Arts in Millville. Volunteers are sought to help run the High Street theater when it opens this summer.
A Pigovian tax (also spelled Pigouvian tax) is a tax levied on any market activity that generates negative externalities (costs not internalized in the market price). The tax is intended to correct an inefficient market outcome, and does so by being set equal to the social cost of the negative externalities. In the presence of negative externalities, the social cost of a market activity is not covered by the private cost of the activity. In such a case, the market outcome is not efficient and may lead to over-consumption of the product.[1] An often-cited example of such an externality is environmental pollution.
The Left often tries to justify new taxes based on their being Pigovian taxes. The classic example is a carbon tax -- it is claimed there is a social cost to carbon-based fuel combustion (e.g. CO2 production and resulting global warming) that is not taken into account by market prices. By adding the tax, these other costs can be taken into account, likely raising the price of these fuels and thus both reducing their use and providing a higher price umbrella for alternatives.
For years, I accepted these arguments at face value. I might argue with them (for example, I think that the Left has tended to spot 10 of the last 2 true negative externalities), but I accepted that they really believed in the logic of the Pigovian tax. I am now becoming convinced that I was wrong, that the Left's support of Pigovian taxes is frequently a front, a way of putting a more palatable face on what is really a naked grab for more taxpayer money by public officials. To support this emerging hypothesis, I cite two examples.
This last November, a carbon tax was placed on the ballot in Washington State. In many ways, it partially mirrored my own proposal (here) by making the tax revenue neutral, ie the new carbon tax was offset by a reduction in other regressive taxes, particularly other consumption taxes. If the Left and environmental groups truly embraced the Pigovian logic of a carbon tax, they should have jumped at supporting this initiative. I discuss what happened in depth here but Vox has a good summary:
The measure, called Initiative 732, isn’t just any carbon tax, either. It’s a big one. It would be the first carbon tax in the US, the biggest in North America, and one of the most ambitious in the world.
And yet the left opposes it. The Democratic Party, community-of-color groups, organized labor, big liberal donors, and even most big environmental groups have come out against it.
Why on Earth would the left oppose the first and biggest carbon tax in the country? How has the climate community in Washington ended up in what one participant calls a "train wreck"? (Others have described it in more, er, colorful terms.)....
the alliance’s core objection to I-732 is that it is revenue-neutral — it surrenders all that precious revenue, which is so hard to come by in Washington. That, more than anything else, explains why alliance groups are not supporting it.
Opponents say they wanted to use the revenue for climate-related investments, but even if true there are two things wrong with this. First, it shows ignorance of the economic theory of the Pigovian tax -- the whole point is that by raising the price of carbon-based fuels, markets will find the most efficient way to reduce this fuel use. The whole point is that it is way more efficient to reduce CO2 production through this simple pricing mechanism than it is through government cronyist winner-picking "investments". The second problem is that such promises of funds dedication never last. Supposedly the tobacco settlement was all supposed to go to health care and tobacco-related education, but there is not a single state where even a double digit percentage went to these things (the American Lung Association estimates just 2% of the funds go to the original purpose). In New York, the entire tobacco settlement stream was securitized and used to plug a single year's general budget hole. You can be assured the same thing would happen with carbon tax revenue.
Last year, Philadelphia passed a large soda tax. The justification for such a tax is that such drinks cause obesity and other health issues. Either for people's own good or to reduce the future burden on government health care programs, the whole point of such a tax is to reduce soda consumption. Or so it was justified.
But now, once the tax took effect, the city government that passed the tax seems to be shocked and surprised that soda consumption is way down. You would think that they would be declaring victory, ... that is, if the point was ever to reduce soda consumption and not just to raise some extra revenue. Via Reason:
For now, Kenney and other city officials seem unfazed—dismissive, even—of the problems caused by the new tax. A city spokesman told Philly.com that no one knows whether low sales figures and predicted job losses are anything more than "fear-mongering to prevent this from happening in other cities."
"I didn't think it was possible for the soda industry to be any greedier," Kenney said in an emailed statement to Philly.com reporter Julia Terruso. "They are so committed to stopping this tax from spreading to other cities, that they are not only passing the tax they should be paying onto their customer, they are actually willing to threaten working men and women's jobs rather than marginally reduce their seven figure bonuses."
It's not the first time Kenney has tried to ignore basic economics when it comes to the soda tax. A few weeks ago, he blamed grocery stores and restaurants for "price gouging" when they increased prices for sugary drinks to make consumers pay for the cost of the tax (the tax is technically applied on the transaction between distributors and retailers, but, like all other taxes, it gets passed along).
Its clear that this tax justified as a pigovian tax is really no such thing. City officials seem to be honestly surprised that consumption is down as the result of a Pigovian tax whose purpose is to... reduce consumption. And if they really did not expect the tax to get passed on to consumers, then how does it work? In fact, city officials are actually worried that reductions in soda consumption is going to cause the tax to yield less money than they expected, creating a hole in their budgets.
Going forward, I plan to apply an order of magnitude more skepticism to any future calls for Pigovian taxes. I think the first thing I will ask of each new suggestion is "do you still support this tax if I were to make it revenue neutral, say by offsetting it with reductions in another regressive taxes?"
The Philly sugary drink tax thing that surprises me is that someone thought the retailers would have eaten the tax and not passed it on to the end consumer.
The tobacco settlement was even worse than what you're portraying. By making state governments dependent on the income stream from what was effectively a tax, they made efforts to actually reduce tobacco usage counter-productive, and guaranteed that the market share of the companies involved in the settlement would be protected, under the guise of "if you're not part of the settlement, you don't get a license to sell tobacco products in this state".
Regardless of what tax you are talking about, raising revenue is at best 50% of the equation. The other half of the equation is all about social engineering - i.e. to make the herd behave.
Thirty years ago when I was working in Nuclear Power development, a carbon tax was proposed in the EU. The Greens lobbied hard to get nuclear and hydro power production from being used to set baseline carbon reduction prices. The worry was that the French would get too big a credit for not emitting CO2 so they would get bigger tax payments/credits. The externality issue was just a ploy for political ends to promote solar/wind power.
A City that I work in sometimes passed a 40% tax on parking revenue. The idea was to drive up the price of parking so that people would take public transportation or carpool. For a while no one did either so the City got a windfall. Now that some companies have left the City and some people are carpooling the revenue from this tax is down causing a budget shortfall. One of the proposals is to assess companies (including mine) that have their own parking 40% per space, of the cost of the daily parking average as a tax.
Why? The people pushing a $15/hour minimum wage clearly from their rhetoric expect low margin labor intensive business to eat the added cost and not pass it on.
The left and even some on the right believe that all problems are best solved by a combination of higher taxes and lower personal freedom. I am a skeptic on AGW but I am willing to agree to what would probably be the most effective reduction in CO2 and other pollutants and that is to ban all air travel including private planes. Simply end it. No one needs to fly to Europe or vice versa. And air travel is probably the single largest polluter. I will miss my trips to Hawaii but I will make the sacrifice for the good of mother earth. But you know why that will never happen even though it would be the single most effective reduction in C02 every proposed? Because there is no revenue. This is and always has been about the revenue and seizing power and that is the end game. No one really cares about the CO2 except for a few useful idiots.
85.1% of the residents of Philadelphia, at last count. No, I have no idea why American inner cities are some of the worst examples of failed institutions in the world.
Another angle to that played out in Minnesota, where faux Republican Tim Pawlenty implemented a special tax on cigarette companies not party to the settlement, because so many people were starting to switch to cheaper (often Indian made) brands.
I'm afraid you're giving the people pushing a $15/hour minimum wage too much credit. I don't think they are thinking past the idea of "giving" workers more (of other people's) money.
Coyote - you missed the biggest "tell" on the philly soda tax. If it was really to reduce sugar consumption, the tax should only apply to sweetened drinks. But they also applied it to diet sodas as well. I believe they were the first major area to do so, as most previous laws taxed only sugar-added drinks.
Maybe, but I've heard a few of the activists pushing it explicitly claim that low end service business can absorb it just taking less profit. A Business where half of all their costs is labor and which only has a profit margin under 5% (the national average across all industries. Grocery retail profit margin averages 0.5%) cant absorb a 100% increase in labor costs without going bankrupt.
Actually, airlines are pretty good at keeping airplanes nearly full. Fuel efficiency (passenger miles/gasoline gallon equivalent) is a pretty good proxy for CO2 emission, so this chart shows that airlines score really well. Amazingly, transit buses do poorly, they must be running empty or nearly so a lot.
Not shown are passenger ships, which are likely to be very efficient, except the big ones mostly aren't for transporting people from point to point, but as a floating playground.
The government needs to have tax revenues and I have always favored taxing consumption activities over productive activities. Historically the U.S. government was almost completely financed by tariffs and "sin" taxes. While that is clearly impossible, I always favor moving taxation to that side. If it were tax revenue neutral I would distinctly favor:
Use the carbon and revenue tariffs to reduce payroll tax rates and the sales tax to replace the inefficient corporate income tax.
The "negative" impacts from these taxes would be less consumption and more savings and investment. Wow, punish us now.
Had Pigou taxes, and particularly a 'carbon' (they mean carbon dioxide) tax been introduced circa 1800, we would all still be working dawn to dusk on the land.
A Pigou tax is supposed to encourage change to an alternative by making the alternative less expensive. So a factory belching out noxious smoke should find it cheaper to install filters and scrubbers in its chimneys, or alternative production methods than paying the Pigou tax. And that is only if - a big if - the Pigou tax has been pitched at the correct level.
However where no alternative exists it is just a punitive tax and futile since the market it seeks to make more efficient is inelastic, so people will simply spend more on the taxed good and spend less elsewhere and of course demand higher wages = inflation.
There is no viable alternative to fossil fuels for electricity generation except nuclear power. Nuke power plants are more expensive to build and decommission. A Pigou tax encouraging a change from fossil fuels to nuclear would make sense, but forcing a change to electricity generation based on 'renewables' which cannot provide a viable alternative is destructive.
If the intention is 'to save' future generations, reducing their putative ancestors to pre-industrial life, with famine, disease, low life expectancy and high infant mortality is hardly the way to do it.
The fact that there has been no effort to change to nuclear these past 20 years or so of hysteria, an entirely affordable, workable alternative (France produces 80% of its electricity from 59 nuke plants) is proof the whole Man-made Climate Change thing is a scam which no politician takes seriously but which provides a means of exerting more control-freakery over citizens.
Surprising since such a tax is supposed to change consumer habits and therefore must be incident on the consumer not the producer to achieve that.
And by 'simply' ending air travel what would the cost from lost economic activity - such as no airfreight; no tourism; no business meetings; perishable foods no longer available long distance, for example?
The 'simple' solution is to switch off the electricity and then we can all go back to subsistence living on the land like our ancestors and the other 6 billion people on the Planet.
One of the fallacies of government is that if there is a problem the government must do something. Doing something makes the politician look good. There are some problems that are either unsolvable or that no one knows how to solve. Who can solve the drug problem? Who can solve people cheating on their spouses? Trying to solve such problems gums up the works and may also create worse problems.
As far as just being grabby, of course politicians are grabby and mostly fail to see how being too grabby kills the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Strewth mate, you really believed these new taxes weren't meant simply to be an additional fund raising mechanism for lefties? Bonus points on the left for furthering the nanny state too of course. You simply can't be too cynical about these things.
Taxers always ignore thinking about the inventiveness of others, and that they themselves have overlooked that.
I agree, but I hesitate to use the word "stupid." In the case of Jim Kenney and the politicians, it's straightforward evil dishonesty. In the cases of their supporters, it's because they were taught to do this. Most of us don't look at North Koreans who worship Kim Jong Un (or whoever it is this week) and call them stupid - they were simply taught this and weren't exposed to competing viewpoints. I think this is similar with much of the left in America - the eduction systems and media make an extremely hard and often uncontested push for progressive values and thinking. Conservatives have largely been browbeaten into not pushing back, and generally have so many hypocrisy issues that when they do push back they're easily deflected (progressives also have as many if not more hypocrisy issues, but as the ones with more power, credentialism, and an overall aura of authority their hypocrisies are easier to sweep under the rug. Yes, it's unfair, but that's life). This is one of the reasons I think that ultimately small-l libertarianism has a better chance of pushing back: the focus on individualism and willingness to engage in sectarian infighting holds libertarians down politically, but it lets them keep a large piece of the moral high ground that's far less susceptible to assault in these sorts of debates.
Hopefully you didn't miss the point. Shutting down the airlines would indeed cut C02 emissions considerably. Taxing airlines or air travel won't. The point is this isn't about cutting down on C02 emissions and never was. The who AGW scam is about seizing money and power. But for what it's worth I would be Ok with shutting down the airlines.
One commercial passenger jet from NY to LA uses more fuel than it would take to drive all of the passengers there foru to a SUV.
You do understand this is an early warning to you to get the hell out of there before it becomes the next Venezuela.
The chart I linked to above was based on actual data reported by airlines and transit organizations. Poking around, I see that a Boeing 777 variants can achieve as low as 2.7 liters/passenger-100km, which works out to about 87 miles/gallon/passenger of jet fuel (diesel, more or less). A full minivan is actually pretty efficient, though passenger cars average slightly above one occupant.
Ah, the groceries and restaurants are "price gouging" when they decide they don't want to eat the tax cost inposed by the politicians. Maybe the politicians will lead by example and declare they are willing to reduce their own salaries by a percentage amount commensurate with the new tax, eh? Just to show the greedy owners of groceries and restaurants how it's done. Obviously, it's no biggie. They should jump at the chance to polish their virtue-signaling creds. Besides that, it's for the chldren, and they don't hate children, do they?
Pigou taxes don't make sense to me, especially as actually justified and applied by governments. Some of the following overlaps what Coyote has written.
Say I manufacture things. Government employees calling themselves economists decide that I am harming my fellow citizens at the rate of $80 per ton of the CO2 I produce. So, I pay that tax, increase my prices 10% and sell 10% less each year than I could have at the lower price. Say I produce 10,000 tons of CO2 and pay $800,000 in CO2 tax yearly.
This Pigou tax directly accomplishes one thing. At least those customers who remain are paying enough to acquire the goods they enjoy and also pay for the harm they are causing along the way. Academically, these goods are valuable enough to the purchasers for them to pay for the external damage caused. That is a good first requirement. I am not able to sell to the 10% of my former customers who do not value my product enough to pay for its externalities.
I am supposedly causing harm to people who are not my customers. One can think of it as my customers paying $800K yearly to the government through my company for permission to harm others, because my customers benefit sufficiently from buying my product.
The big issue is what happens next. The government should be using the tax revenue to directly offset that harm to others, say by lowering the taxes they pay. If not, then I am merely paying the government for permission to harm others. They are still harmed. Effectively, I am licensed to harm one group, or everyone, as long as I sufficiently benefit my customers. The government happily runs what amounts to a protection racket, protecting me from those harmed as long as I pay enough to the government. The level of the CO2 tax is irrelevant, but is conveniently tied to the noble computation of harm from CO2 emissions.
One might propose that the CO2 tax will be used to lighten the tax burden on others. But, we observe that this isn't how taxes are used, and wouldn't compensate for the individual harms brought to others, say the harm to people who now pay no tax. And, what about the harm to foreigners?
In reality, the government collects this tax and spends it on bureaucracy and other value-losing, socially negative projects, as usual.
So, if one believes that CO2 causes extra death, drought, hunger, displacement from rising oceans, bees dying, expanding deserts, and such, then a Pigou tax is not transfered to the proper people. (I don't believe that CO2 is a problem at all, by the way.)
How can one justify Pigou taxes that in practice merely fund politicians rather than compensate the people supposedly harmed?
In summary, the harm supposedly caused by productive activity is only an excuse to levy addtional taxes, and is never used to offset the harm done, in practice.
The problem with the whole fuel consumption per passenger thing is it's only purpose it to cloud the issue. A 707 uses about 30 gallons per minute. It burns about 30 gallons per minute if it caries 100 passengers or 1 passenger. I once flew in a 747 from New Orleans to Seattle and there were 4 passengers in the plane. unusual I'm sure but the actual fuel mileage of the 747 didn't change. I owned a minivan once and it burned less than 1 gallon per 25 minutes at highway speed. All of this begs the question; is the intent of the carbon tax to decrease carbon emissions or to create a tax windfall for governments? If you really want to cut CO2 cut out all frivolous burning of fuel. I suggest ending air travel and you countered with ending ship cruises. Let's do both. Neither one will increase taxes and both would substantially cut C02. My point is not that we would do it but that we have no desire to actually cut C02 the whole purpose of the AGW scam is to raise taxes AND to allow more power to the elite through regulations.
I wouldn't hesitate at all to apply the label of "stupid" to Kenney and his minions. Kenney's statements are not only demagogic, but mind-numbingly ignorant. As Warren points out, he clearly has no idea how tax incidence works if he thinks this tax will be entirely absorbed by wholesalers and/or retailers. And to reiterate the other key point, if by some miracle the tax burden did end up being distributed in that fashion, the Pigovian justification for the tax would no longer exist.
It's possible to believe his statements about the tax's effect thus far are merely cynical politicking, but the fact that this tax passed in the first place, presumably under the justification that it would improve public health, suggests that those in charge earnestly believed it would work to that effect. If they didn't, and they just wanted to raise revenue in a manner that is disguised from the consumer, they could have just imposed a sales tax on retailers or wholesalers and done the same thing -- claim that those businesses are "greedy" when they inevitably pass on part (or all) of the tax to consumers in the form of higher prices.
It's not too much of a stretch to suggest that the voters there are of low intelligence either. Philadelphia is a large central city with an army of low-income and poorly-educated residents. That and the city's one-party orientation leaves it vulnerable to all manner of chicanery and demagoguery with no real checks on power. They get the government they deserve.
Ah yes, the "health impact fee". Poor Tim, if he was only half as clever as he thought himself to be.
But even assuming it is correct, it misses the point of why people fly in the first place. It would take several days to drive form NY to LA. Flying only takes a matter of hours. All resources are scarce, not just the environment. And that means that the relevant tradeoffs need to be carefully examined.
That was a separate tax that applied to all. I'm referring to the tax that just applied to cigarette companies NOT party to the tobacco settlement, who didn't have to massively raise their prices to collect. The state refers to it as a "fee on non-settlement brands." It's $5 per carton.
It's close. Four passengers to a car makes it competitive and depends on details of the cars and the jet.
This is also why politicians and bureaucrats have been working hard to clamp down on vaping. These sociopaths are literally willing to kill people (by discouraging them from switching to a vastly safer and cheaper alternative) merely to protect tobacco revenue streams. And they think tobacco company exec are evil.
Have We Already Been Seeing Inflation, Just Concentrated in Financial Assets Rather than Consumer Products?
Coyote Blog is copyright 2004-2009 by Warren Meyer. Third parties are free to quote freely from this site as long as a link is provided back to the original article.
Update required: To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin.
Each summer CPR Classical broadcasts hours of live and recorded highlights from Colorado's many classical festivals. This year we carried 21 performances -- including 7 live broadcasts -- from the Aspen Music Festival and School, Bravo! Vail, the Colorado Music Festival, Central City Opera and more.
There’s more to SummerFest than just music. We also love to share the stories behind these great works, festivals and performers.
Check out some of our favorite stories from the summer, as well as recent CPR Performance Studio sessions featuring musicians from several summer festivals.
This year marked the 30th anniversary of the Bravo! Vail music festival. Organizers celebrated with a new project. They commissioned five new pieces that premiered throughout the summer.
“It’s incredibly important to hear from composers of our time who are living, who are creating, who are reacting to the world around them,” McDermott told us.
We talked to homegrown mezzo-soprano Michelle DeYoung -- who performed at multiple Colorado festivals this summer -- about growing up in Colorado, winning the Metropolitan Opera competition, and highlights from her career.
Mezzo-soprano Michelle DeYoung sings Gustav Mahler's "I Am of the World" accompanied by conductor Andres Cladera on piano. Recorded May 16, 2017, in the CPR Performance Studio.
DeYoung captivated audiences this summer as a featured soloist for Beethoven’s Symphony No. 9 at the Colorado Music Festival and a world premiere performance of Timothy Collins’ Othello-inspired “Desdemona” at the Aspen Music Festival and School.
Conductor Alan Gilbert wrapped up his tenure leading the New York Philharmonic this summer. CPR Classical brought listeners a live broadcast of Gilbert's final concert conducting the New York Philharmonic at Bravo! Vail.
He spoke with David Rutherford about Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, his memories of the New York Philharmonic and what the future holds for him.
"It's been wonderful. It's been a privilege to be a part of it for these years," Gilbert said of leading the New York Philharmonic. "I know that the orchestra will go on and endure far into the future." Hear the interview:
CPR Classical brought listeners on-site interviews and performances from Aspen, Vail and Boulder to set the stage for SummerFest events.
Here's Digital Editor Brad Turner with a snapshot of three students at the Aspen Music Festival and School busking downtown as a flute trio.
Musicians from several music festivals stopped by the CPR Performance Studio for lively performances.
Hear Emily and Erik Peterson, co-directors of the Crested Butte Music Festival, with an excerpt from a Mozart duo for violin and viola:
And check out music from a Beethoven trio for clarinet, cello and piano, played by musicians from the new Flatirons Chamber Music Festival in Boulder:
CPR Classical brought listeners two performances from Central City Opera this season. The cast of two productions stopped by the CPR Performance Studio to tell the story of the operas.
Violinist Joshua Bell is music director of the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields chamber orchestra.
Joshua Bell came to Bravo! Vail this summer to perform with the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields. Bell and cellist, Steven Isserlis, were featured soloists for a concert titled: “For the Love of Brahms.”
Bell and Isserlis recently released a disc of the same name featuring overlooked music by Johannes Brahms. We talked to Bell about why he wanted to record some lesser-known Brahms gems.
“It’s something I really wanted to get out there," Bell said of recording an early version of Piano Trio No. 1 in B Major. "It’s fascinating because it’s so different from the B Major trio which most people are used to hearing."
Colorado Public Radio reserves the right to use the comments we receive, in whole or in part, and to use the commenter's name and location, in any medium. By commenting below, you agree to these terms. For additional information, please consult our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use as well as our Community Standards.
If you're an Evergreen Member and have recently received a new credit or debit card, call Member Services to update your card information at 1-800-722-4449.
The Health Secretary has also announced other measures designed to improve the safety of maternity care in the NHS. These include: a 250,000 fund to pilot new ideas for improving maternity care maternity ratings for every clinical commissioning group across the NHS a national quality improvement programme involving all maternity units The Health Secretary has set a target of halving stillbirths and neonatal deaths by 2030. At present, for every 1,000 births in England, more than seven babies are either born dead or die soon afterwards, giving it one of the worst records of any developed c
This is a placeholder page for Charly Raza, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Charly Raza.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Charly Raza. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Charly Raza. We created this page automatically in hopes Charly Raza would find it. If you are not Charly Raza, but are an alumni of Big Piney High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Big Piney High School	of Big Piney, Wyoming
Take advantage of our years of experience – we can help you to work smarter, understand your business better, plus identify and evaluate potential improvements
Let us get hands on with your project. We can be part of your project team, fulfilling specific functions and sharing best practice as we go
Need a new website? Looking to develop your own system? We can manage the whole process for you from analysis through to implementation
“Given his extensive background in the travel industry, Ian’s knowledge greatly assisted us in identifying new ways of managing existing processes.”
“After a very short session on each occasion, Ian understood our requirements and provided exactly what was needed.”
“Analysis of existing processes and optimization of these with a new software approach brought a new and faster workflow into the customers daily business.”
We also apply our project expertise and approach in many other industries and sectors. For example we have worked with a number of startups in finance and the sharing economy.
Special coating on the lens surface prevents hazing and fading, ensuring proper illumination and operational safety
All Autolightsbulbs.com products are guaranteed by manufacturers to be free of defective materials or workmanship for a period of (3) three years from the date of purchase. Any products found to be defective during this warranty period will be repaired or replaced at the discretion of their manufacturers without charge. Proof of Purchase with original purchase date is required.
EXCLUSIONS: This warranty does not extend to damages or failures resulted from misuse, neglect, accident, alteration, abuse, incorrect wiring, improper installation or maintenance.
2010 Is the year we celebrate our 25th Anniversary and we have decided to enjoy the whole year with many different excursions to where ever our little hearts desire. We plan on very little timetables or schedules to keep to.
We made it home last night. Surrey, Burnably, and Coquitlam area to Vancouver Island, then back to the Surrey (and area) again leaves for a very busy schedule. We have a meeting at Nik's housing on Feb 1st, ( he wants our of housing into his own apartment with a room mate). So we have just under 2 weeks to get some things done. A couple of book work things for Larry and of course Tonka and I both have hair appointments, lol. Get some quilting done and organized so that I can bring a bit of the hand quilting along.
When I was at sister Patty's I had some fun trying to teach that young nephew of mine (Jordan) a bit of cooking and baking, he does very well, I was telling him he is the new chef Ramsey in training. Last time I was there he was also helping me cook so who knows......
We had a good little visit with all of our nieces & nephews (and 2 of the great nieces) who lived there. Well except for one nephew, don't know where he was. I will keep you posted once we start on our new little vacay........
Wolverines are found in North America and northern Eurasia, in the boreal zone of the northern hemisphere. They require large expanses of relatively undisturbed, boreal habitat. Wolverines are found in Scandinavia and Russia to 50 degrees North latitude. In North America they are found in Alaska and northern Canada, but can also be found in mountainous regions along the Pacific Coast as far south as the Sierras of California. Historically, wolverines were found in more southerly areas of Europe and North America, but these populations were extirpated mainly due to hunting, clearing of forests, and other human activities. Their distribution once extended as far south as Colorado, Indiana, and Pennsylvania in North America. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; Abramov and Wozencraft, 2008; "Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; "Wolverine", 2009; Abramov and Wozencraft, 2008; Burt, 1948; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Wolverines are found in alpine forests, tundra, open grasslands, and boreal shrub transition zones at or above timberline. Generally they live in areas with low human development and need large, undisturbed ranges in order to survive. During the winter, females construct nests to store food and hide young. They construct rough beds of grass or leaves in caves or rock crevices, in burrows made by other animals, or under a fallen tree. They occasionally construct their nests under the snow. Wolverines are found exclusively in areas with cold climates, which may be related to their reliance on scavenging and caching large animal prey. Cold weather helps preserve the meat for later use. ("Encyclopedia Britannica", 2009; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995; Roel, et al., 2006; Ruggiero, et al., 2007)
Wolverines are one of the largest members of the family Mustelidae and are unmistakable in appearance. They are terrestrial mammals with body lengths of 65 to 105 cm, tail lengths of 13 to 26 cm, and shoulder heights of 36 to 45 cm. Wolverines weigh from 9 to 30 kg, females are generally smaller than males by about 10% in linear measurements and 30% in weight. They have short, powerful limbs and 5 toes on each paw. They use a semi-plantigrade form of locomotion, with their weight primarily on their metatarsals. This distributes weight better and can be useful when traveling and hunting in snow. On hard ground, ungulates can outrun wolverines. In snow, wolverines are less likely to sink in and can often catch much larger animals that become immobilized in deep snow. Wolverine fur is usually brown or brownish-black, with a yellow or gold stripe extending from the crown of the head laterally across each shoulder and to the rump, where the stripes join at the tail. Wolverines have a stocky appearance, with a robust body, short, powerful limbs, a large head, and small, rounded ears. They have sharp claws that are semi-retractable and a very powerful bite, with which they crush bone. They are rarely seen by humans because of their low population densities and the remote terrain in which they live. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "Encyclopedia Britannica", 2009; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; Burt, 1948; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
There are two subspecies of wolverines: North American wolverines (G. gulo luscus) and European wolverines (G. gulo gulo). Differences seem to be mainly genetic and probably as a result of the isolation of these two continental populations. Another possible subspecies on Vancouver Island, Canada: G. gulo vancouverensis. This population has skull morphology differences with those found on the mainland, but their status has yet to be decided. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; Burt, 1948; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Wolverines are generally solitary animals. Males and females come together only briefly for mating, from May to August. Males have large home ranges, encompassing the home ranges of several females. Males may mate with each female in their home range and sometimes those in overlapping ranges. Males and females remain together for several days. Females may also mate with members of different home ranges, but litters are usually fathered by one male. Males fiercely defend their territory by marking it with scent from their anal gland. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; Burt, 1948; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Female wolverines mate every other year. Mating occurs from May to August, with most females being in heat from June to August. Males remain near females during the breeding season, but females initiate copulation. Like many other mustelids, ovulation is believed to be induced by copulation and the embryo is not implanted immediately, but rather waits in diapause for about 6 months. After implantation, gestation takes only another 30 to 50 days. With delayed implantation, pregnancy can last from 120 to 272 days depending on when the embryo is fertilized and when it implants. Females build snow-dens in which they give birth and nurse. The litter is usually born between January and April and averages 3 kits, weighing 85 g each. Weaning is complete at 3 months and the young begin foraging on their own at 5 to 7 months, when they become independent. Adult size is attained at around 1 year and sexual maturity at 2 to 3 years old. Wolverines require snow cover that persists through spring so that food can be cached until the kits are large enough to being foraging on their own. ("AnAge: The Animal Aging and Longevity Database", 2005; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; "Wolverine", 2009; Abramov and Wozencraft, 2008; Lofroth, et al., 2007; Nowak, 1999; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Females give birth to a litter of around 3 kits in a snow den. After females give birth they hide with their young. The mother defends her territory and intruders are not tolerated. This territorial behavior continues until the young are ready to hunt on their own. Young remain with their mother until the fall of the year they were born, when they disperse. Females mate again in the following year, giving birth to young in the second year after the previous litter. Females may help to train their young in hunting techniques before they disperse. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "AnAge: The Animal Aging and Longevity Database", 2005; "Encyclopedia Britannica", 2009; "Wolverine", 2009; Copeland, 1996; Lofroth, et al., 2007; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
In the wild, wolverines generally live for 5 to 7 years but some can live up to 13 years. Females in captivity have bred up to 10 years old and live up to 17 years. The main causes of death are starvation, being killed by competitors (such as wolves), and trapping. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "AnAge: The Animal Aging and Longevity Database", 2005; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; Abramov and Wozencraft, 2008; Nowak, 1999; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
In general, wolverines are solitary, only coming together to mate. They are territorial and do not tolerate individuals of the same sex. Territories are marked with secretions from anal scent glands and urine. Wolverines also spray their food caches with scent gland secretions to discourage other animals from raiding them. They are nocturnal but can be active during the day. In areas where there are extended times of light or darkness, wolverines may alternate three- to four-hour periods of activity and sleep. Wolverines do not appear to be bothered by snow and are active year-round, even in the most severe weather. Wolverines are known for their ferocity and have been known to attack black bears and wolves over food. Wolverines are mainly terrestrial and move with a loping gallop. They can climb trees with great speed and are excellent swimmers. Wolverines gallop with great endurance, sometimes moving 10 to 15 km without rest, although their speed probably does not exceed 15 km per hour. They may cover up to 45 km in one day in their activities. Play has been observed between mates and between siblings as well as between kits and their mothers. Wolverines are also known to play with objects. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "AnAge: The Animal Aging and Longevity Database", 2005; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; "Wolverine", 2009; Burt, 1948; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Wolverines have large home ranges and may defend smaller territories. Males have home ranges of 600 to 1000 square kilometers. Female home ranges are 50 to 350 square kilometers. Although, home range size varies seasonally and home ranges can cover as much as 2,000 sq km in winter. Males and females defend their range and mark it with scent from their anal glands. Population densities of wolverines are low because of their requirements for very large home ranges. ("United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; "Wolverine", 2009; Abramov and Wozencraft, 2008; Burt, 1948; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Like most mustelids, wolverines have anal scent glands which are used to mark territories and food caches. Due to their scavenging lifestyle, they have an advanced sense of smell. Wolverines also have good hearing, but likely have poor vision. Wolverines are rarely vocal, except for occasional grunts and growls when irritated. ("Encyclopedia Britannica", 2009; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; Lofroth, et al., 2007; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
The wolverine diet can include anything from small eggs to large ungulates. They are capable of bringing down prey that is five times bigger than themselves, but generally only under conditions that leave large ungulate prey stranded in deep snow. They have large claws with pads on the feet that allow them to chase down prey in deep snow. Large ungulate prey species include reindeer, roe deer, wild sheep, elk or red deer, maral and moose. Wolverines can be very swift when on the attack, reaching speeds of over 48 km an hour. Large prey are killed by biting the back or front of the neck, severing neck tendons or crushing the trachea. Wolverines are opportunistic and their diet vary with season and location. They are also specialized for scavenging and will readily take over carcasses that have been killed by other large predators. Wolverines are extremely strong and aggressive for their size, they have been reported to drive bears, cougars, and even packs of wolves from their kills in order to take the carcass. They have also been reported scavenging whale, walrus, and seal carcasses. Female wolverines may hunt more small to medium-sized animals such as rabbits and hares, ground squirrels, marmots, and lemmings, when they are rearing young. The amount of food available to females may be key in determining population size; more food leads to greater reproductive success. The scientific name Gulo gulo comes from the latin word for glutton. Like other mustelids, they can be somewhat driven to kill when given the opportunity, resulting in them killing more prey than they can eat or cache. Wolverines have been known to kill large numbers of captive reindeer in deep snow, simply because the reindeer cannot escape. ("The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; "Wolverine", 2009; "Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "Encyclopedia Britannica", 2009; "The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; "Wolverine", 2009; Burt, 1948; Lofroth, et al., 2007; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Wolverines have few, if any, natural predators. They are fierce and aggressive, able to defend themselves against animals several times their size, such as wolves and mountain lions. However, wolves, mountain lions, black bears, brown bears, and golden eagles can be threats to young or inexperienced wolverines. Wolves are the dominant predator of wolverines, but generally only under circumstances where the wolverine cannot escape by climbing a tree. Wolverines use scents from their anal gland and urine to scent-mark food caches, discouraging other predators. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; Lofroth, et al., 2007; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995)
Wolverine are sometimes hunted for their fur because it is prized for its frost resistant properties. Native peoples used them to line parkas. However, their skins are no longer used widely in commerce. Wolverines are also important members of the ecosystems in which they live, they are important as top predators and scavengers. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; "United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; Burt, 1948)
Wolverines live in remote areas where human populations are sparse. Many wolverines are shot due to their habit of preying upon animals that are trapped for fur. They have been extensively hunted in Scandinavia because of its alleged predation on domestic reindeer. It has been considered a nuisance throughout its range because it will eat animals already caught in fur traps and will break into cabins and food caches, eating and spraying the contents with its strong scent. Wolverines can even break into canned goods with their sharp canines. Wolverines are supposedly very difficult to trap; when a wolverine finds a trap, it may spring it by turning it upside down or by dropping a stick into it. Wolverines have also been known to carry traps away and bury them deep in the snow. ("The Wolverine Foundation", 2006; Abramov and Wozencraft, 2008; Pasitschniak-Arts and Lariviere, 1995; Roel, et al., 2006)
Wolverines generally occur at relatively low population densities and have vanished from most of their former range in the United States. In Scandinavia, estimates vary from one individual per 200 to 500 sq km. Encroaching human populations alter the abundance and habits of large ungulates, eliminate large predator populations, or kill wolverines directly. Numbers have declined due to fur trapping and hunting by those believing the wolverine to be a nuisance. In Russia, wolverines are a game species and extensive overhunting has led to population decline. In the United States, wolverines can only be harvested in Montana and Alaska. Wolverines have been nearly eliminated in the United States and have disappeared over most of southeastern and south-central Canada. In Europe, they can only be found now in parts of Scandinavia and northern Russia. Wolverines are listen by the IUCN as Least Concern, though the European populations are at higher risk. Conservation efforts include education, protecting habitat, and eliminating unregulated hunting. In Sweden farmers and herders are compensated for identifying dens and reporting them. Other Scandinavian countries have adopted measures to limit the amount of wolverines in reindeer herding areas through selected hunting. ("United States Fish and Wildlife Service", 2008; Abramov and Wozencraft, 2008; Roel, et al., 2006)
Despite the fact that wolverines have been claimed as an emblematic animal by the state of Michigan ("The Wolverine State"), evidence suggests that wolverines did not historically occur there. The "Wolverine State" appelation most likely came from the fact that Detroit was a major fur trading post for wolverine trappers. Wolverines are also known as glutton, skunk bear, Indian devil, and carcajou. ("Alaska Fish and Wildlife Service", 2007; Burt, 1948)
living in the Nearctic biogeographic province, the northern part of the New World. This includes Greenland, the Canadian Arctic islands, and all of the North American as far south as the highlands of central Mexico.
young are born in a relatively underdeveloped state; they are unable to feed or care for themselves or locomote independently for a period of time after birth/hatching. In birds, naked and helpless after hatching.
in mammals, a condition in which a fertilized egg reaches the uterus but delays its implantation in the uterine lining, sometimes for several months.
animals that use metabolically generated heat to regulate body temperature independently of ambient temperature. Endothermy is a synapomorphy of the Mammalia, although it may have arisen in a (now extinct) synapsid ancestor; the fossil record does not distinguish these possibilities. Convergent in birds.
forest biomes are dominated by trees, otherwise forest biomes can vary widely in amount of precipitation and seasonality.
a distribution that more or less circles the Arctic, so occurring in both the Nearctic and Palearctic biogeographic regions.
This terrestrial biome includes summits of high mountains, either without vegetation or covered by low, tundra-like vegetation.
the regions of the earth that surround the north and south poles, from the north pole to 60 degrees north and from the south pole to 60 degrees south.
communicates by producing scents from special gland(s) and placing them on a surface whether others can smell or taste them
Coniferous or boreal forest, located in a band across northern North America, Europe, and Asia. This terrestrial biome also occurs at high elevations. Long, cold winters and short, wet summers. Few species of trees are present; these are primarily conifers that grow in dense stands with little undergrowth. Some deciduous trees also may be present.
that region of the Earth between 23.5 degrees North and 60 degrees North (between the Tropic of Cancer and the Arctic Circle) and between 23.5 degrees South and 60 degrees South (between the Tropic of Capricorn and the Antarctic Circle).
A terrestrial biome with low, shrubby or mat-like vegetation found at extremely high latitudes or elevations, near the limit of plant growth. Soils usually subject to permafrost. Plant diversity is typically low and the growing season is short.
reproduction in which fertilization and development take place within the female body and the developing embryo derives nourishment from the female.
2006. "The Wolverine Foundation" (On-line). Accessed April 11, 2009 at http://www.wolverinefoundation.org/specacct.htm.
2008. "United States Fish and Wildlife Service" (On-line). Accessed April 10, 2009 at http://ecos.fws.gov/speciesProfile/SpeciesReport.do?spcode=A0FA.
Monachus monachus, also known as the Mediterranean Monk Seal, is found around the Mediterranean Sea region and the Northwest African Coast. There are populations that are located in Mauritania/Western Sahara, Greece, and Turkey. Small numbers have also been seen in Morocco, Algeria, Libya, the Portuguese Desertas Islands, Croatia, and Cyprus.
Mediterranean monk seals are usually found along coastal waters, especially on the coastlines of islands. They are sometimes found in caves with submarine entrances when the female is giving birth and just to get away from other disturbances, such as boats.
Adult Mediterranean monk seals can be any color from dark brown or black to light grey. They are usually light gray along the belly. Pups have a black woolly coat and a white or yellow patch on the belly. They molt at about 4-6 weeks and their black woolly coat is replaced by a silvery gray coat that can darken over time.
Adult males are on average about 2.4m in length and females are slightly shorter. Males weigh about 315 kg and females weigh about 300 kg.
Mediterranean monk seals mate during the months of September-November. Mating usually takes place in the water. They reproduce very slowly starting at the age of 4. The time between births is 13 months, and the gestation period is 11 months. Pups are born about 80-100 cm long and weigh 17-24 kg.
When females give birth, they go on the beach or in caves. A female will usually remain on the beach or in the cave nursing and protecting the pup for up to six weeks. During this time, the female must live off of stored fat because she never leaves the pup, not even to feed herself. The pup may remain with its mother for as long as 3 years even after weaning.
The Mediterranean monk seal spends most of its time in a limited range; they don't migrate long distances. There can be up to 20 individuals in a colony of Mediterranean monk seals. On land, the seal is a solitary species.
In the water, they are very good divers and swimmers. They swim so well that they can outmaneuver a shark.
When communicating with each other they make very high pitched sounds. This is done mainly while in the water to let each other know if something is wrong or if danger is approaching.
Mediterranean monk seals are diurnal. They feed in shallow coastal waters on a large variety of fish. This includes eels, sardines, tuna, lobsters, flatfish, and mullets. They also feed on cephalopods such as octopuses.
In the past the Mediterranean monk seal was killed for its skin and body parts, which were said to provide protection against a variety of medical problems. The seal has also been killed for food.
The only way that Mediterranean monk seals affect humans negatively is that compete with fishermen. These seals are mainly harmless otherwise.
Fewer than 500 individuals of Mediterranean monk seals remain in the world today. They have been killed by fisherman who see them as competition, and many have been lost due to being caught in fishermans' nets. Pollution and boat traffic are also a problem for this species. Pollution comes mainly from human waste. This waste gets into the water in which the seals live and into the food that they eat. The problem with boat traffic is from a lot of boats being in the same area that the seals occupy, resulting at worst in collisions between seals and boats
This seal is one of the world's rarest mammals, and it is on the list of the 20 most endangered species.
Another issue with the seal is that it is very sensitive to disturbances. Pregnant females are especially sensitive and will often abort when disturbed.
the body of water between Africa, Europe, the southern ocean (above 60 degrees south latitude), and the western hemisphere. It is the second largest ocean in the world after the Pacific Ocean.
Kasnoff, C. 1999. "In The Wild" (On-line). Accessed December 10, 1999 at http://www.bagheera.com/inthewild/vanishing.htm.
Injuries are common in disasters, but there are simple things you can do to comfort those who are hurt and prevent further harm. It’s always a good idea to learn first aid, CPR and the Heimlich maneuver.
Cover wound with a clean cloth and press firmly. Add cloths on top of first cloth as needed. Elevate bleeding arm or leg unless a fracture is suspected.
Flush burned area with cool water (unless an electrical burn). Do not use ice or ointments except on minor burns. Do not break blisters or remove clothes stuck to skin. Cover injured area with a dry, clean dressing. Call 911 if burn is serious or covers more than one body part, involves head, neck, hands, feet or genitals, or is caused by chemical, explosion or electricity.
Indicated by pale, clammy skin; weakness; fast breathing; rapid, weak pulse; confusion. Lay victim on his/her back with feet raised, and keep victim warm. Always call 911 if a person is seriously injured.
Alleys of Guanajuato 02 The homes are all painted with bold colors. Potted plants are a ubiquitous ornamentation. While taking this image, two young children approached me and started a friendly conversation. My Spanish was so bad, I believe they felt sorry for me and returned to their game, disappointed.
Kidnapping, rape suspect still at large Woman attacked by man she gave a ride - tribunedigital-baltimoresun
County police have released a composite sketch of a man they believe kidnapped and raped a 49-year-old woman Tuesday morning.
Detectives said the woman came out of her Annapolis apartment, on South Cherry Grove Road near West Street, and saw a man standing near her car.
After the man began talking to her, she gave him a ride to another apartment complex. Police said the man then forced her drive to Research Drive, near Bestgate Road, where he raped her.
After driving the woman to the intersection of Calvert and Clay streets, the man ran away. The victim drove herself to the hospital.
The suspect was described as a black male in his early 20s, between 5 feet 8 and 5 feet 10 inches tall. He had a medium build, short-cropped black hair and was last seen wearing a baseball cap with a "Rams" insignia on the front.
Anyone with information about the crime or the suspect is urged to call the county police Criminal Investigation Division at 222-3468 or dial 911. Detective Sylvia Perry is in charge of the case.
In honor of the holidays coming up, here's a verbal smorgasbord of tips, recipes, cookbooks and other items to help you prepare for entertaining or a family meal, or simply to share some Thanksgiving cheer.
All those dishes, all those ingredients, all that time! To help all busy cooks, the Georgia Department of Agriculture has put together a collection of holiday recipes that each take six ingredients or less, which cuts down on both preparation time.
The recipes are for stuffed turkey breast, country ham souffle, apple- and pecan-filled squash and colorful spinach salad.
For free copies of the recipes, send a stamped, self-addressed envelope to "Celebration Recipes," Georgia Department of Agriculture, 328 Agriculture Square, Atlanta, Ga. 30334.
Slice acorn squash in quarters. Remove seeds. Scoop a teaspoon of squash pulp out of each quarter to make extra space for apple mixture. Place in microwave-safe dish and add three tablespoons water.
Combine brown sugar, butter or margarine and chopped apple, and mix well. Spoon into squash shells. Cover, leaving a vent for steam to escape, and microwave at 50 percent power for 5 minutes. Turn dish 1/4 turn and microwave at full power for 7 minutes. Squash should be tender and moist. Sprinkle with pecans.
Note: To toast pecans, toss in a skillet over medium-high heat until toasted. This will happen quickly, so be careful not to let them burn.
Some holiday parties pack a real "punch" -- with calorie-laden lTC eggnog or "spirited" concoctions that can leave guests bleary-eyed in the morning. An alternative to alcoholic drinks might be a delicious fruit punch, such as red raspberry mulled cider, from the J. M. Smucker Co. Here's the recipe:
The cider may be prepared in advance and reheated in a microwave oven in individual cups. Or, it can be kept warm in a decorative saucepan set over a chafing dish.
If you're new to the business of roasting a turkey, you may be baffled about what utensils to buy. Metro Marketing of Gardena, Calif., makes the answer easy with its new seven-piece roasting set. The set includes an oversized, non-stick roasting pan, a V-shaped rack, an oven thermometer, a bulb-type baster, a basting brush, turkey skewers and string.
The rack is designed to position the turkey for even roasting, and allows placing vegetables in the bottom of the pan to braise in the turkey's juices.
Suggested retail price for the kit is $19.99; it's available from Metro Marketing; call (800) 367-0845.
Tired of the same old dishes at Thanksgiving, the baked sweet potatoes with marshmallows, the overdone Brussels sprouts? Alternatives abound in the "Chuck Williams Thanksgiving and Christmas," a companion to the Williams-Sonoma Kitchen Library series from Time-Life Books. Author and store founder Chuck Williams offers six different menus for holiday dinners: traditional Thanksgiving; "light" Thanksgiving; cozy Thanksgiving; festive Christmas; casual Christmas; and Christmas for friends.
An ordinance designed to control the shooting of bows and arrows within Hampstead's town limits may not fly.
Critics of the proposed ordinance say it would not tighten the restriction on bow and arrow use. Instead, they say, it would loosen regulation of the use of guns and other weapons within the town.
The proposed change to the town code will be the subject of a public hearing at a special meeting of the Town Council at 7 p.m. Monday in the Hampstead town hall.
The proposed ordinance says a person may not discharge any firearm, bow and arrow, crossbow or explosive mechanism designed to shoot a projectile, within town limits. It was written after residents complained to the council in June that an archer on Sugar Maple Street was practicing his skills from his back porch, creating a safety problem.
* The use of weapons would be allowed where necessary to protect life or property or to kill a dangerous animal.
One controversial part of the proposed ordinance would allow discharges of weapons "in a private basement or cellar target range, private property or residence" so long as such activities do not endanger other people or property.
Councilman Wayne Thomas said the ordinance, as written, would allow a Hampstead resident to fire guns in a private basement if he or she thought there was an adequate backstop.
Councilman Dwight Womer, who presented the ordinance to the council, said the problematic passage could be fixed by specifying the weapons as "any bow and arrows."
Mr. Womer said he did not design the ordinance to restrain archers, but to tell them, "If you're going to do it, here's what you need to do."
He said he had sampled bow-and-arrow ordinances from around the state and found some of them very restrictive.
Mr. Womer said some questions -- such as whose responsibility it would be to decide whether a backstop is sufficient -- probably will be addressed at the public hearing.
Town police will enforce the ordinance if it passes, he said, but they will need guidelines to apply to specific cases.
Mr. Thomas said that even if the controversial section is changed, most Hampstead yards are too small to allow the safe discharge of bows and arrows. Many back yards of local townhouses are only 30 feet deep, he said.
"I can throw an arrow 30 feet," he said. "I don't need to shoot it. We've just got too many people living too close together."
Hampstead Mayor Clint Becker said, "I think there's more work ** that needs to be done on the bow-and-arrow ordinance."
He said the matter ultimately will be decided by the Town Council, but he thinks there are few places where a bow and arrow can be safely fired within the town's limits.
While the state unemployment rate nudged down in January, local unemployment rates rose slightly throughout the tri-city region with retail, professional services and education shedding the most jobs.
The unemployment rates in Burbank and Glendale increased by 0.4%, coming in at 9.8% and 10.5%, respectively, according to data released Friday by the California Employment Development Department.
Unemployment rates in San Marino and South Pasadena both edged up by 0.2% to 5.5% and 6%, respectively.
In La Cañada Flintridge, the jobless rate was 4.7%, a 0.2% increase, while the rate in the La Crescenta-Montrose area increased by 0.3% to 6%.
Members of the Hagerstown City Council changed their minds a couple of times on the procedure for replacing Kristin Aleshire. How should they do it if a vacancy occurs again?
The next highest vote-getter should be placed in the vacant seat. We the people elected them, (not) the sitting body.
Elect two alternates when you have elections. That way, if someone's sick, resigns, gets tossed out for ethical violations, or whatever comes up, you already have "replacements" in place. Works for jury duty - 12 sitting and two alternates. Just do the same with local administrations.
Let Bob Maginnis decide. He wields power and his compassionate piece on homelessness at Christmas shows he knows just how to resolve all the tough issues by digging into his handy little manila files he keeps for reference.
The first person to guess how many downtown establishments that advertise in this newspaper AND sell alcohol, fills the vacancy.
I think they should narrow it down to three candidates and hold a special election for those three candidates.
What is the nicest thing anyone did to make you really feel the Christmas spirit? Responses will be posted on the Web site and on this page on Tuesday, Dec. 26.
The holiday shopping season is here. People all over the country are buying gifts, making travels plans and preparing for the new year. How can we stay alert and watch for the Lord amid the busyness of the holidays? It’s not only a busy time of year, it’s also, and more appropriately, a joyous time, and it’s helpful to consider what that means. In this Christmas season, we celebrate and share the hope, love, benevolence, and saving practicality that Christ Jesus brought to mankind.
Jan. 24, 1962 - July 10, 2005 Within a Christian home full of love and joy, Kathy Ster's soul has been lifted to the heavens, leaving behind a loving and caring family. Kathy, 43, passed away peacefully in her home in Leawood, Kan., surrounded by her loving family on the morning of Sunday, July 10. Services were held in Leawood on Wednesday. Kathy Ann Larsen was born Jan. 24, 1962 in Glendale. She was a product of Dunsmore Elementary School, Clark Junior High and Crescenta Valley High School.
The past couple of weeks, I've been giving myself a doggone headache trying to intellectualize the phenomenology of "Christmas," and "Believing." It ain't easy; especially when you have to think. Quoting one of my Brownie Scouts from troop 889, "What the heck!" Enough is enough; I'm going back to the basics. You know, Vince Lombardi - the fundamentals. So, when the world becomes a bit too esoteric, I fondly remember Mrs. Venola, (Mrs. V). She just knew about things. I lived in her guest house in La Crescenta, but little did I know she was the Christmas Angel that we seek.
Continued from last week's column: The judge peered above his spectacles, fixating on the mustard stain on my sweatshirt. He wanted an explanation. “Your honor, extra mustard on a Berge's sandwich,” I said. Would justice prevail over my disheveled appearance? Adolph Huxley predicted a “Brave New World” in which freedoms would atrophy in lieu of the sensibilities of the Politically Correct. Had it arrived? “Charlie Kamar,” the judge began, “you are accused of wishing your customers a Merry Christmas.
Parcel tax was on the agenda at the La Cañada Unified School District meeting on Tuesday. Charles Heath, vice president and senior consultant for Tramutola, shared a PowerPoint presentation on what his company would do to help the district present a parcel tax to the public. A parcel tax is a qualified special tax that requires a two-thirds approval in a scheduled election. The board has brought the subject up on several occasions, especially with the education budget crunch all districts are now facing.
Tuesday’s La Cañada Unified School District board meeting was not as long as usual but covered the same ground as many of their meetings have in the past, with the discussion of a parcel tax. For several meetings the board has discussed, reviewed and debated the relevance of presenting La Cañada voters with a parcel tax on a future ballot. All have agreed that it is needed for the benefit of the future of educating the city’s students but how to approach the subject with the voters has always been a sensitive and much-debated issue.
In a 5-4 decision, the justices reject the idea that Americans have a right to refuse to give their names to officers.
WASHINGTON — Police officers who have reason to stop a suspicious person may also require the individual to identify himself, the U.S. Supreme Court said Monday, calling such a requirement a "common-sense inquiry" that is basic to good police work.
In a 5-4 decision, the justices rejected the idea that Americans have a constitutional right to remain silent.
The decision upholds the laws in Nevada and 20 other states that make it a crime to refuse to identify yourself when asked to do so by the police. California has no such law.
The case of a Nevada ranch hand who refused to give his name provoked talk of national ID cards and totalitarian states that require persons to identify themselves on the authorities' demand. But in Monday's opinion, the Supreme Court said it was endorsing a much narrower proposition.
The requirement to identify oneself applies only when a police officer has a "reasonable suspicion" that an individual is involved in wrongdoing, the court said, and does not extend to a person sitting innocently on a park bench or a pedestrian walking down a street.
The arrest of ranch hand Larry Hiibel was triggered by a call to the Sheriff's Department in Humboldt County, Nev. The caller reported seeing a man assault a woman in a red and silver GMC truck on Grass Valley Road. A deputy dispatched to investigate came upon a red and silver pickup truck parked on that road. A woman was sitting inside the truck; a man was standing outside.
The deputy approached the man and said he was investigating a report of a fight. He observed that the man appeared to be intoxicated and asked for identification.
The deputy asked 11 times for the man to identify himself; each time, the man refused. He put his hands behind his back and offered to be put under arrest.
Finally, the deputy arrested the man, who was charged with violating a Nevada law that makes it a crime to "willfully resist, delay or obstruct a public officer" in discharging his duties.
Another portion of the state law says an officer "may detain any person" who an officer reasonably believes has committed or is about to commit a crime. Moreover, "any person so detained shall identify himself," the law says.
Hiibel was convicted and fined $250. The Nevada Supreme Court upheld his conviction in a 4-3 decision, with the judges citing the war on terrorism as a reason for their decision. "We are at war against enemies who operate with concealed identifies, and the dangers we face as a nation are unparalleled," the Nevada court said.
That claim may have prompted the Supreme Court to take up Hiibel's appeal last fall, but the ruling Monday in Hiibel vs. Nevada was narrow and focused.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, writing the majority opinion, said that since 1968, the court has said that police may "stop and frisk" a suspicious person.
"Our decisions make clear that questions concerning a suspect's identity are a routine and accepted part of many [such police] stops," Kennedy said. Learning a suspect's name allows an officer to check to see if he is wanted for another offense. In domestic disputes, a name is the first step for the police in figuring out who they are dealing with, he added.
Usually, a name itself is not an incriminating statement, he said. If so, a defendant could invoke his right to remain silent under the 5th Amendment if he had a reasonable belief that his name alone would be incriminating, Kennedy said.
"We need not resolve those questions here," he concluded, because Hiibel did not claim that revealing his name would be incriminating. Kennedy was joined in the majority by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas. The dissenters offered two reasons why they disagreed with the majority.
Justice John Paul Stevens said that forcing Hiibel to speak violated the 5th Amendment's right against self-incrimination. "As the target of the investigation, [Hiibel], in my view, acted well within his rights when he opted to stand mute," Stevens said.
Justice Stephen G. Breyer said that forcing a suspect to talk violated the 4th Amendment and its protection against "unreasonable seizures." While police may stop and frisk a suspect to check for weapons, he said, the court had not required the detained person to say anything. Unless put under arrest, those people remain free to walk away, he said.
"There is no good reason now to reject this generation-old statement of the law," Breyer said in a dissent joined by Justices David H. Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
Microsoft had a rough go with the first generation of its Surface tablets, but the company hasn't let those early struggles deter its mission to compete in the tablet market.
The first set of Surface tablets -- the RT and the Pro -- was slow to sell, so much so that Microsoft was forced to take a $900-million charge over the summer due to unsold inventory. Later, the company also cut the price of both products.
The Surface was supposed to be Microsoft's answer to the Apple iPad, but despite clever ads that showed off some of the Surface's superior features, Apple still has a dominant grip on the tablet market.
But Panos Panay, corporate vice president of Microsoft and the creator of the Surface tablet, said the company was staying the course. He said he believes customers who want to use their tablets to get real work done will see the benefits of the Surface.
"If the team stays focused and the people believe in what they're building, I think you're going to see that in the products," Panay told The Times during an interview at the Microsoft Store at the Westfield Century City mall in Los Angeles. "It comes down to this: if you're making great products, people will buy them."
Panay said it was important for Microsoft to stick to its brand and focus on users who "want to be able to get more done."
"If that's not your primary goal and it's about watching movies or playing games and only that, that's a great thing. And people can select the best device for that," Panay said. "But if your goal is to get more done, and we stuck with that, the promise of this product brings that truth to life."
Microsoft will release the second generation of the tablets -- the Surface 2 and the Surface 2 Pro -- on Oct. 22, and they are already available for preorder online. As with all tech gadgets, the new Microsoft tablets are faster, thinner and lighter, but Microsoft has also improved the products in other areas.
The upcoming gadgets feature higher-resolution screens than before, while their glare has been reduced to some of the lowest levels in the industry, according to Microsoft. Additionally, the Surface's kickstand now has a second viewing angle that makes it easier to set on the lap and for use by tall people. And there is now a silver color option as well.
But perhaps more importantly, Microsoft has beefed up the battery life on both versions of its tablet, fixing the chief complaint about the first generation of the Surface. The Surface 2 has 25% more battery life than its predecessor and now lasts 10 hours -- the same as an iPad -- while the Surface 2 Pro received a 75% increase in battery life. Microsoft did not say how long the battery lasts on the Surface 2 Pro.
"Both products had a significant focus in making sure if people were going to be productive, we needed more battery life in both products," Panay said.
Secondly, Microsoft is selling the Surface 2 for $449, which is $50 less than what its predecessor debuted for last year. This time around, Microsoft is also including its suite of Office programs with the purchase of the Surface 2.
And finally, Microsoft is also giving users who buy a Surface 2 or Surface 2 Pro 200 gigabytes of cloud storage through SkyDrive for two years. Those customers will also get free Skype calling to landlines in 60 countries and access to Skype Wi-Fi spots around the world for one year.
The first generation of the Surface was about showcasing the touch-focused Windows 8 operating system, Panay said. The second generation is about bringing every part of Microsoft together on one device and supporting professional users.
"It's all of those software properties coming together and making sure the hardware is thinking about each one of those pieces so they can all come to life together," Panay said.
The Surface creator also said his team has more momentum than ever, thanks in large part to a boost in sales spurred by the Surface's late-summer price cut.
Panay said he and his team were excited about what is still to come for the Surface, and that's because of the potential in the tablet's click-in touch covers.
Previously, the touch covers, which are flat and double as a Surface screen cover, had 80 sensors to detect users' typing. The new touch covers have more than a thousand sensors and can now detect typing more accurately. They can also be used to perform gestures, and more importantly, Microsoft is working for ways to have all sorts of touch covers, not just those that are laid out like a keyboard.
Microsoft's first stab at this came at the unveiling of the new tablets. There, the company also showcased a touch cover that looks like a DJ controller. With that cover, the Surface can be used to create music.
"That's what's cool about it," said Stevie Bathiche, research manager in Microsoft's Applied Sciences Group, who accompanied Panay. "It becomes a platform for the future."
But before Microsoft begins selling the DJ touch cover or other types of covers, the company is first focusing on the release of the Surface 2 later this month.
To that end, we applaud the efforts of Gaylord city officials whom are exploring the interest and feasibility of the introduction of the "pocket park" concept - leaving an occasional city lot undeveloped for reasons of nothing more than having space for children in their neighborhood to play, for development of sitting space to read a book or share a picnic lunch, or cultivate a neighborhood garden.
This is an outstanding, and refreshingly proactive way by which city officials can help preserve and create green space in an increasingly urban atmosphere of sprawl and commercial and residential development that continues to mark the evolution of our community.
The city of Gaylord already boasts Doumas, Freel and Hale parks that strive to maintain a neighborhood feel at various central locations throughout the city. The pocket-park concept is a little different. It could result in the city's acquisition of a small lot between existing homes or lots, that due to their location or physical attributes, haven't attracted much investor interest and remain undeveloped.
The concept is hardly original, but like most good ideas if it works elsewhere pocket parks can play a strong role in Gaylord to strengthen neighborhoods and the community as a whole by recognizing the value of creating oasis-like areas where people can gather to talk, play and simply relax.
Great cities and great communities expend a lot of energy and time to ensure there's places for people to safely walk, in-line skating, ride a bicycle or simply provide the open space for persons to throw a football or Frisbee around.
In northern Michigan this has been successfully achieved in cities like Petoskey, Traverse City, Mackinaw City and Cheboygan, so much so that the presence of the relatively small but diverse pocket parks have become an identifiable feature enjoyed by both local residents and visitors alike.
City manager Joe Duff is very familiar with the miniparks, having served as city manager in Mackinaw City where they are common. Development of the parks could occur on purchased or donated lots, or potentially as a second land use on land the city already owns.
Duff, city clerk Rebecca Curtis, and eight to 10 others from the city planning commission and the community have been invited to attend meetings to update the city's five-year recreation master plan. The pocket-park idea is part of a draft plan to be subject of a public hearing at the planning commission in the next 60 days.
Once completed, the recreation master plan becomes Gaylord's planning document and basis for grant application for the next five years.
The completed version is kept on file by the Michigan Dept. of Natural Resources that likes to see that a community has a recreational plan should monies be available for a grant.
The new plan will also incorporate a countywide network of nonmotorized pathways, a proposed skatepark on South Wisconsin Avenue and proposals for a farmers' market downtown.
How to use new social media tools for old-school job search By DIANE STAFFORD | The Kansas City Star
Schurz awards are presented at Notre Dame By MARGARET FOSMOE - Like Margaret on Facebook | South Bend Tribune
Being the world’s largest Dodge Challenger car club with hundreds and hundreds of club members, it should come as no surprise that West Coast Challengers is often the first to discover a flaw or a problem in the Dodge Challenger. Most are seemingly innocuous, and some problems have been pointed out to Chrysler executives and […]
It is not too often that I sit on the couch and watch a national television show, however, I was watching on Sunday. I was vexed by a scene that I watched and the thoughts that came into play after watching this commercial. The thought was, it has become normal for people to watch the pharmaceutical companies market their drugs, on national television. It has become normal for people to allow these ads to glisten hope and desire for something good that may come from taking such drugs. I do realize there are certainly drugs that are life altering and absolutely life enhancing, but not ones that offer you hope of having less intestinal gas, or an erection that lasts but shouldn’t last more than 4 hours, or will let you eat all the horrible food you want and keep your perfect body mechanisms from registering the heartburn and gastrointestinal issues that warn you there is a problem, a drug that promises to make life feel better, while you continue to have rage and anger build up inside. As if that is not alarming enough, as I sat and watched 3, in a half an hour period, I was literally laughing at the side effects that these drugs cause and the fact that they actually tell you. The upsell at the beginning of the commercial was so masterfully played, that these horrible side effects didn’t seem so bad. At least I am left to assume that, since the pharmaceutical companies pay millions of dollars for each advertisement. Most of the drugs that I am speaking of, that are advertised on tv are ridiculously cunning and absolutely undertaking of the perfection of the human body and the natural healing process. Why as a culture, as humans, do we allow for such thinking and such scrupulous undermining of our intelligence and innate healing process? We have lost touch with nature, with evolution, and with the indwelling voice that I believe would tell you otherwise, if connected.
The population, presently, seems to be searching for the quick fix and if presented, it will be scooped up and gobbled, without a second thought. We look to a pill to make us happy, to make us thin, to make us gain, to make us have better sex, to make us able to eat greasy fried food with out pain in organs that are screaming for you to stop, to sleep, to take that edge off, to help us off a drug of addiction and then list goes on and on. I have personally observed people lose their minds from drug combinations, lose their lives from continuing to eat sugar and processed foods when they are on blood sugar meds to continue, lose their lives when they are searching for opiates on the street that their doctor gave them for years but now withholds, from drugs that gave them erections for hours, and they craved to experience more than their beloved wives, and so forth. To me, I think this is a clear indication of the mass loss of conscious living that has seemed to wash over so many of our lovely people. I want to stay on point here, but its a great time to bring up, quickly, the drugs that are in our foods, and the people that eat them are craving to eat it. It is not nutrition, it is marketing for drugs that make people feel momentary satisfaction, only to be left wanting more. The drugs in conventional livestock farming. Drugs are everywhere, more so than ever in our world. We look to find the quick fix.
The politics of this epidemic is all about money. The money that comes from keeping people on the medications, from the sickness that continues to line the hospitals and then even more pharmaceuticals get handed out, treating the illness, and the wheelhouse of disease that is so accepted in our culture today. They do not care about you when they are telling you that they can help you not feel gas, but you have intestinal bleeding, and may have liver failure. They do not care about you when they find that a chemical creates a sugar like substance, but trials and tests show cancer tumors and genetic distortions to babies from mothers injected with such chemicals. They do not care about you when they tell you that you can not afford your meds anymore when insurance clams down on the prescription writing. They do not care about you when you kidneys go into dialysis from a med that you used for 5 years to let you eat the foods that were killing your kidneys in the first place. They care about how and why the next person will choose to take their products. The pharmaceutical companies actually write and assist in medical school text books. This is both alarming and unethical, yet it still happens. The doctor is not always the bad guy. They may believe they are doing the right thing, as they were taught and do not get me wrong here, as stated above, there are good things that drugs do. I believe that, too. But they are not meant to be the healing hub of our species. It has become a big business and you’re the customer. They do not care about you. Im sorry if you think differently. They care about profit. They are more invested in your sickness and dependency than your independence and wellness.
The consciousness of our culture is on the edge of complete hypnosis. The commercial only emphasized this awareness to me. Being who I am, living the life I do, working with people I do, and discussing with peers in my field, has created more passion inside me to help shatter the illusion of the lies and the hypnosis happening. It is my belief that we must get back to ourselves and learn to listen to our body and learn to eat and care for ourselves, intuitively. Food is medicine. Rest is medicine. Nature is medicine. Water is medicine. Love is medicine. Meditation is medicine. No one is talking about that on national TV. I am 41 years old, I run every day, I meditate, I eat whole foods, I sleep well, I spend time outdoors, I drink water, and I feel so intuitively connected to my body, to my mind and to my being as a whole. I do not worry when I feel a pain, I honor it and work to find out the source of what is happening. I do not overdo life, I rest and make conscious choices about what and who I will invest my energy on. I am compassionate and empathetic to those that are lost in the culture we live in, running so fast there may be no time to even think for a moment about how you actually feel. You may be so sick that you have lost connection to the indwelling voice that screams to slow down and take care of yourself. You may really believe that you are doing all you can do too, and that is where I say, the hypnosis is working. I can not think of a time that I have been alive that it has been more clear that people no longer think for themselves, know how to help themselves organically, and often just look for someone to tell them what to do. I could go on and on about the relevance of this and living an authentically happy and vital life, but I am really trying to stay focused on the drug industry and what they are doing to our culture. We need to raise our awareness that we must fix ourselves from inside. There is no other way! The drugs are not the way!!! I can tell you that I can offer you advice on ways to heal your life, and that I will charge you X amount of dollars to teach about choices and lifestyle, and you will say “no, I am going to go to the doctor because my insurance will pay for it”. This is precisely the point that I am making, that we must wake up and see that we are not being cared for by the medical profession the way we used to. Consciousness has to change. We have to want more from our life than band aids and quick fixes. We have to see the marketing that is constantly telling us we should be better, we should look better, we should feel better and if we do this or that, we will. We will feel better when we learn to love ourselves and take care of ourselves, inside and out. We must choose to invest in ourselves, our bodies, and our minds. We must. You buy the best vehicle because you want to be safe, but you don’t invest in premium quality foods and experiences to keep your body safe of disease and premature aging. You need sleep but you stay up watching tv. You need hydration, but you won’t drink water because you don’t like the taste. Our consciousness must be reawakened and is my sincere desire to help that happen.
Life is moving fast. Be good to you. Honor yourself and your body. Know you deserve to feel good, body, mind and spirit. Know that prescriptions are not the answer, long term. Know that you can change. Know that you are in control of your life through every single choice, every single action and know that life can and should feel good! Love yourself. Love yourself enough to choose to see the reality of what is happening to our culture. We are being prescribed a truth that is sick, and the greater truth is you do not have to subscribe, or fill the prescription given. You have control of your life, whether you recognize it or not! Conscious and critical thinking is invaluable, please hold on to yours. Dig your self out. Love yourself and your people enough to show up, whole.
Posted in Body, Mind, Spirit, UncategorizedTagged choices, consciousness, healing, health, pharmaceuticals, spirituality, truth, vitality, wellness
SANTIAGO, Chile (Agencia Prensa Armenia)—The Chamber of Deputies (parliament) of Chile issued a historic resolution passed unanimously that condemns the “armed attack of Azerbaijan against the Nagorno Karabakh Republic” on Wednesday.
The resolution, introduced by Deputies Gustavo Hasbun Zelume, Issa Kort Garriga, Denise Pascal Allende, Aldo Cornejo Gonzalez and Jorge Sabag Villalobos, sets a crucial precedent, since it is the first in South America that condemns the attacks of Azerbaijan and also call Nagorno-Karabakh a Republic.
The Chilean Chamber of Deputies “reaffirms its commitment to peace and urges the Republic of Azerbaijan for the immediate cessation of all acts of war against the Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh and the strict observance of the truce signed by both countries in 1994″ and “requests the Government of Chile to urge the parties to circumscribe the conflict settlement within the framework of the negotiations held in the Minsk Group, and thus avoiding a regional explosion with unpredictable consequences.”
“What Azerbaijan is doing undoubtedly marks a break not only of bilateral and international relations, but a permanent violation to the world peace and has to be condemned by the world, the citizenship and especially the countries like ours, that feel some degree of brotherhood with Armenia,” said Deputy Gustavo Hasbun Zelume, President of the Armenian-Chilean Group of Friendship and the one who presented the project, in an interview with Prensa Armenia agency. “This will allow Chile to take a more active role in defending the sovereignty of individual countries.”
The deputy admitted that they received pressures from Naciye Gökçen Kaya, Ambassador of Turkey in Chile, so that this resolution could not be approved, like the one approved last year, in which the Chamber of Deputies of Chile sympathized “with the Armenian nation condemning the genocide of its people that began in 1915.”
“The Chamber of Deputies is autonomous and will not allow pressures from any country to come and say how we as parliamentarians have to act in defense of justice, peace, human rights and in defense of people being oppressed,” added Hasbun Zelume.
“We welcome the courageous position of Chilean Deputies, who unanimously broke with the prevailing hypocrisy of not naming the aggressor in the conflict. We hope that this statement, in line with the Secretary General of the Organization of American States (OEA), Luis Almagro, on last 3 April, will mark a path for the countries of the region,” said Alfonso Tabakian, Director of the Armenian National Committe of South America.
The grounds for the decision say that “on the night of 1 to 2 of last April, ground forces and air of the Republic of Azerbaijan conducted a large-scale attack on the border with the Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh, with heavy artillery and last generation missiles” and that aggression represented “the most flagrant violation of the Ceasefire Agreement signed by both countries in May 1994 and a breach of UN rules on Pacific Settlement of Disputes.”
“Faced with this new escalation of violence that has already claimed numerous civilian and military casualties victims, Chile condemns the aggression, calls for the cessation of military operations and the continuation of the peace negotiations within the framework of the Minsk Group, whose co-presidents are the United States, Russia and France, sponsored by the Organization of Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).”
1. That on the night of 1 to 2 of last April, ground forces and air of the Republic of Azerbaijan conducted a large-scale attack on the border with the Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh, with heavy artillery and last generation missiles.
2. That this aggression represents the most flagrant violation of the Ceasefire Agreement signed by both countries in May 1994 and a breach of UN rules on Pacific Settlement of Disputes.
3. Faced with this new escalation of violence that has already claimed numerous civilian and military casualties victims, Chile condemns the aggression, calls for the cessation of military operations and the continuation of the peace negotiations within the framework of the Minsk Group, whose co-presidents are the United States, Russia and France, sponsored by the Organization of Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
4. That the international community and the Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh argue that the conflict, which has more than two decades, can only be solved by peaceful means and respecting the rules of international law and the right of self-determination of its people.
1. Reaffirms its commitment to peace and urges the Republic of Azerbaijan for the immediate cessation of all acts of war against the Republic of Nagorno-Karabakh and the strict observance of the truce signed by both countries in 1994
2. Requests the Government of Chile to urge the parties to circumscribe the conflict settlement within the framework of the negotiations held in the Minsk Group, and thus avoiding a regional explosion with unpredictable consequences.
Gracias, Chile. Turks killed over 1 million of us in during World War I. It was planned and deliberate genocide. Stalin handed our land to Azerbaijan, the Turks’ brothers, whose civilization is so young, it has not even its own permanent alphabet – 3 in the past century. Azeri children are taught to hate Armenians from kindergarten as part of their school day. As NKR people what they went through before declaring their right to self-determination. Ask the people now in their thirties about the death threats they received from Azeris while only in the second grade. Ask them about threats of murder, beheading, and drinking of their blood. Azeris murder 20 year olds boys, 100+ year old great grandparents, decapitate people – and their reward is National Hero status, medals, money and apartments. Azerbaijan is not civilized and undeserving of its own republic, let alone sovereignty over a region whose people have been there for over 1700 years.
Fallout 4 has a robust modding community dedicated to all sorts of mods, including the infamous nude mods. But even nudity modders are more complicated than most people give them credit for. Here's a non-judgmental explanation of the nudity mods in Skyrim and Fallout, and the community behind them. This video has been age-restricted to meet YouTube's standards for nudity and explicit content. Read more here: http://kotaku.com/inside-the-nsfw-world-of-skyrim-and-fallout-nudity-mods-1751678433 For more videos, news, previews and reviews, go to http://kotaku.com
Apparently Youtube doesn't appreciate our love for Serana and thinks it's inappropriate for dumb kids. So I remade the video without the sex part. Serana still sexy. They called it nudity (naked mod, you can still see 1-sec of flash in this video before I cut it off); and turn me off for 2 weeks. And of course they removed it when i had almost 100k views on it. Guess they dont want me getting too much viewers.
The video before this I thought was very poor in quality and decided to remake it with more effort and research. This video will cover the basics of the problems which some of you are having. Hopefully I covered what most are frustrated with and hopefully it will be resolved. If not then, I'll be willing to provide more support nonetheless. Here are the links to the following to help get you started. SexLab Framework v1.62 (Last updated on June 3rd, 2016) https://www.loverslab.com/files/file/150-skyrim-sexlab-sex-animation-framework-v162-updated-jun-3rd-2016/ Nibbles' Animations 4.71 (30-12-2017) https://www.loverslab.com/files/file/2585-nibbles-animations/ SexLab Animation Loader 1.5: https://www.loverslab.com/files/file/2488-sexlab-animation-loader/
Official statement from the one of the SKSE developers : http://forums.bethsoft.com/topic/1568922-wipz-skyrim-script-extender-skse/page-4#entry25167720 I have some bad news for people who think Skyrim: Special Edition will be able to use all the Skyrim mods on release. The biggest obstacle to getting Skyrim mods over to the Special Edition is actually that many of the really popular mods require SKSE. I asked the SKSE team how long they thought it would take and basically they are not sure but at a bare minimum they expect it to take a few weeks, and probably more like several weeks. To further complicate things they have no idea how much of the old script support can be reused and wont know until they get their hands on the game. This could mean further delays on some or all skse dependant mods.
Download: http://www.mediafire.com/?4sojoqaaa7kpuq0 Extract meshes and textures -folders to Skyrim Data folder located in /ProgramFiles(x86)/Steam/SteamApps/common/Skyrim/Data Works with and without Steam
The things you like are bad and you're a bad person for liking them, I guess. --- Support me on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/YourPalRags Follow me on Twitter! https://twitter.com/YourPalRags --- Source - https://www.themarysue.com/skyrim-mod-misognyny/ https://www.nowtolove.com.au/health/sex/why-women-read-erotic-fiction-17262
This entry was posted on Dienstag, März 20th, 2012 at 21:59	and is filed under Tweets. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Ryan is a very nice fighter who, in addition to his fast attacks and good defenses, applies here and there also dirty tricks and thereby surprised his opponent. "Watch your balls" is probably the best description for what one expects if you underestimate Ryan. There were many very interesting fight-round. Who is in Singapore, should definitely fight a fight with Ryan.
MMASporty is definitely a strong and skilled fighter. His many years of experience is evident in his professional techniques and fight executions, and I submitted many rounds to him. He is also a friendly and tall gentlemen. Highly recommended!
Ryan is a very nice guy. He gave me a tough time while wrestling him. Fit body, strong & fast. He has made few moves that caught me in surprise. If not because of the sweat that I can escape, I'd have submitted to him few times!
It was a nice match. Don't miss the chance to meet him when you visit Singapore. This guy is worthy to meet.
Alan is a very tough and experienced opponent. He knows many moves to make his opponents submit, and is strong and nimble. After the match, he also spent some time to help me improve my techniques. A friendly and great chap! Highly recommended.
Had a tough match with Ryan, tall and strong, always got caught in his scissors and chokes. Recommend a match with him if youre up for a good fight!
Madj is a nice and friendly chap who gets quite intense during fights. He has the potential to improve his techniques over time and can take a lot of abuse. Good fight.
Enjoyed my sweaty fight with thor. He's fun, strong, friendly and knows the moves to immobilize opponents.
Had a very nice match with Ryan,he is a very nice guy strong and wont submit easily we both did a few times also very nice bodycontact strong intense looking forward to meet again for a new match
Wrestlerome is a nice and friendly guy who knows quite a few good moves. Had a fun and enjoyable match with wrestlerome. Recommended.
Strong opponent! Friendly and reliable. We had a sweaty battle with lots of ball punishment. He has a real tough set. Our match ended in a first to cum match in which I lost. Recommended.
a great match by ryan , really strong and can take a beating in the balls . totally outmatched by him . would recommend if you want a challenge and will definitely find a rematch to settle it with him
Mrhunkto is a worthy opponent to spar with. He puts in his best efforts and has potential to improve his technique over time. Friendly guy on and off the mat. Recommended.
Nice and friendly guy but beware of his vicious ball squeezes. Had good fun wrestling and making him submit.
He is strong and long-limbed, which makes him difficult to control. Better to take him down to the ground where he can be quite noisy. :) Very flexible and resistant.
WBJ is very strong and has a big weight advantage over me. He knows many submission holds and is effective in execution. He is a nice and friendly guy as well. Recommended.
Ryan is a big Asian boy, and not just in height. He was fun to wrestle, although he is fairly tough, he got owned well and truly 😏 Ball busting is something he loves doing, but his big boys got well and truly busted 😜
One of the toughest guy I have wrestled with and his holds are very hard to break free. Very nice guy on and off the mat. Highly recommended :)
Strong fighter with good technique. Very friendly and looking forward to our next match in the future.
Once he gets a hold on you, very determined to finish you off. With more experience, definitely would be a tough guy to take on. Already has a mean rear naked choke :)
Very strong in terms of strength and technique. Composed and methodical in finishing of opponents. Tough and experienced wrestler.
Ryan is smooth, well muscled and kinky. if not for the time constraint, I am sure we would have more fun. look forward to meeting with him again.
Men Seeking Women: Love and Sex On-line is an exciting and original collection of new short fiction by men about men seeking women, and women seeking men in the digital age.The Internet revolution has...
This work has been selected by scholars as being culturally important, and is part of the knowledge base of civilization as we know it. This work was reproduced from the original artifact, and remains...
Meticulously researched and historically accurate, this depiction of the tragic story from the Indian Mutiny resonates in the struggles against religious fanaticism of our own time. Intense and inspir...
From hitch-hiking across the 49th parallel to plane trips to Montreal, road trips to Halifax, drinking in parkades and jamming in friends' lofts, "Unwanted Hopeless Romantic Morons" captures the trial...
Doc Kane is sixteen years into a twenty-year murder sentence. Days away from a parole hearing, he means to get out and start a new life as a Square John-a law-abiding citizen. Within the predatory con...
In this volume the author maintains that sociology must learn to combine the insights of both Durkheim and Marx and that it can only do so on the presuppositional ground that Weber set forth. Alexande...
WASHINGTON, November 18, 2008 - Four out of five metropolitan areas recorded lower home prices in the third quarter from a year earlier, while existing-home sales fell in 32 states from the second quarter, according to the latest quarterly survey by the National Association of Realtors®. More...
The title of this article is the same as one in today's Wall Street Journal (password required). The WSJ article raises questions about people's optimistic outlook on gaining wealth from their homes as being simply wishful thinking. Lawrence Yun, Chief Economist, National Association of Realtors, attempts in this corresponding article to lay out the same information - but in a different light. More... Read more
WASHINGTON, December 02, 2008 - For the second year in a row, Realtors® report that exterior remodeling projects return the most money as a percentage of cost, as detailed in the 2008 Remodeling Cost vs. Value Report. More... Read more
WASHINGTON, November 24, 2008 - Existing-home sales declined on the heels of a strong gain in September as uncertainty and economic concerns increased in October, according to the National Association of Realtors®. More... Read more
A strong financial history can be the key to securing a mortgage loan when buying a new home. Even if you can purchase a home with little or no money down, you still need a strong credit history to pay the balance. More...
Are you ready to make the move from renter to owner but aren't sure you’re prepared for the maintenance and responsibilities that come with owning a home? Consider purchasing a condominium. In the past, people chose condominiums as a viable option to homeownership because of their affordability. While that may not hold true in every market today, there is another factor you might want to consider: lifestyle choice. More...
The home or condominium that you're thinking of buying may be governed by a homeowners association (HOA). What benefits do they provide you? More... Read more
ForbesTraveler.com reports Elves in Hawaiian shirts, Reindeer rodeo, Whale sashimi from the Arctic Circle to the Aloha State. It's the time of year to celebrate the multicultural mania inspired by the president-elect to bring you global Christmas traditions. ForbesTraveler.com brings it right to you in holiday party time from around the world in a slide show.
We're using cookies on this site. Cookies store information that is necessary for this site to work well. More about cookies
Societe Generale is one of the leading financial services groups in Europe. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model, the Group combines financial solidity and a strategy of sustainable growth.
Working as a legal counsel in the team, managing the legal security of the bank and providing legal support to the business development of the bank.
Assisting the Head of Legal and the China Legal Team in managing the legal risks and providing legal support in China, including but not limited to:
Preparing and reviewing of legal documentation concerning (i) all types of financing business; and (ii) global transaction and payment services matters (such as cash management, cash pooling and supply chain financing activities);
Handling legal works relating to outsourcing, offshoring and material service or supply arrangements;
Legally qualified in the PRC with approximately 5 years' experience in major banks as legal counsel or in reputable law firms (corporate or banking teams).
Good communication and interpersonal skills, integrity, ability to work independently and strong team spirit.
© 2015 - 2018 ACCA Careers. Address: ACCA, The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6AU, United Kingdom. Powered by Madgex Job Board Technology
OptiCut is a panels and profiles cutting optimization software, based on a powerful multimode, multiformat, and multimaterial algorithm.
OptiCut features grain direction, trim cuts, plated edges and pre-cuts, stoks and reusable falls, panels turnaround, and parametric labels.
This is the story of the mission efforts of J.C. & Joyce Shewmaker in Africa. They worked in Zambia and Zimbabwe for a total of 38 years.
Credit and Debit cards may be used for payment by selecting PayPal on pages that offer that selection. After simple registration with PayPal on the screen appearing after selecting PayPal, you can use Visa, Master Card, Discover or American Express. PayPal safely and securely processes credit card information.
If you prefer, when presented with payment options of using PayPal or paying by check, you may bypass using PayPal opitions and pay by check after you receive your merchandise. To pay by check, proceed to "Checkout" or "Place Your Order."
Visit Big Valley Automotive Inv online at www.bigvalleyautos.com to see more pictures of this vehicle or call us at 575-356-8581 today to schedule your test drive.
I hereby consent to receive text messages from or on behalf of dealer at the mobile phone number I provided above. I understand that I am opting in to receive text messages from dealer or their employees. I include consent to receive phone calls at the mobile phone number I provided. I understand that message and data rates may apply.
Power Profile: Mental Powers. The unleashed powers of the mind have fascinated hu- manity since storytelling began. Heroes and villains read the thoughts and. GitHub is where people build software. More than 27 million people use GitHub to discover, fork, and contribute to over 80 million projects. 14 Dec Read Download Power Profiles: A Mutants Masterminds Sourcebook (Steve Kenson) PDF Free Ebook Online Donwload Here.
However, individual rower data indicate wide variation in individual power profiles that did not always mimic the overall boat profile. Conclusions: This study . 14 May Full-Text Paper (PDF): Daily wind power profiles determination using clustering algorithms. 9 Mar The information on power consumption and load profiles of Keywords: home appliances; load profile; power consumption; demand. USB Power Delivery specification introduces USB Type-C receptacle, plug to a primary provider of power with a data interface USB PD → Power Profiles. In the last decade, new commercial devices have been proposed to assess the power profile of multi- focal contact lenses (MCLs). These devices are based.
Power Profile: Armor Powers. Some acquire amazing powers by accident or virtue of birth, but others make their powers or acquire them by wearing them, in the. Country Nuclear Power Profiles. UNITED KINGDOM · USA · VIETNAM. right side. Other Country Profiles (PDF version available): , , , , this work is to describe the power profile of a recent set of gas permeable Key words: contact lenses, lens fitting, power profile, RGP multifocal lenses, variable. scientific study of Pinot's power profile for six years and gives a unique insight into how a promising junior has progressed to being a Tour contender.
Hey, adverts can be pretty annoying, right? I know how it is; I don't like it when I'm browsing a site and I accidentally trigger an awful flash ad where a big, freakish iPhone starts singing at me. That's why here I'll only ever serve up nice banners that behave properly. This website is a personally-funded hobby, and without donation/advert revenue I won't be able to keep it going. Please, if you enjoy the site, consider adding it to your AdBlock whitelist—it really does make a difference.
Archives Select Month January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) August 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (3) January 2013 (1) September 2012 (1) June 2012 (2) October 2011 (42) September 2011 (43) August 2011 (8)
With Labor Day coming up this weekend, you might be scrounging for some great recipes to impress your barbeque guests. Have no fear! At CoppinsGifts.com, we have a few easy salads and other dishes to help you send off summer the right way, as well as a beautiful “You are Special” red plate to serve them on!
Start by grilling the 10 ears of corn until they look slightly charred. When finished, take the corn off of the cob and place into a large mixing bowl. Next, add chopped onions, tomatoes, and herbs. Then add your lime juice and Olive Oil, gently mixing all the ingredients together. Add your salt and pepper to taste. You can serve this delicious salad warm or chilled, which makes it perfect for your end of the year outdoor barbeque!
Put your sliced tomatoes in a pie dish, or some sort of baking pan. Add your olive oil by putting your tomatoes in half-way, letting them soak up all the oil for 30 minutes. Dry off excess oil off with a paper towel. Press into your breadcrumbs and enjoy as a nice, light, vegetarian snack!
Put all ingredients into a large pan and reduce them down until they are soft. Serve over ice cream or cheesecake for a delicious dessert that will have everyone wanting more!
Your child’s birthday is a momentous day, which usually involves some cake, a friend or two, and some form of entertainment. When your kids are really young, it may be hard to throw a party they can also enjoy. Coppin’s Gifts has the memorable collection of Precious Moments birthday train figurines that are ideal for a reoccurring gift for your child. We’ve also put together some great birthday party tips to keep in mind so you and your child can make memories to last a lifetime.
Keep it short: Make sure to plan a short birthday party for your child. Once all the young kids get tired, the
birthday party will turn into one, big cranky-fest. Make sure you plan the party for the afternoon (post-nap) so the little ones have energy to enjoy the party!
Lots of balloons: Kids adore balloons. It’s a fact of life. Make sure you pick foil or Mylar balloons so that the small kids do not choke on them. Helium balloons are always a great souvenir to take home with them, too!
Take it easy: Don’t stress. If something goes wrong, make sure not to freak out. We know it can be a really stressful day planning a party, but try not to get too worked up over such a fun, exciting, and celebratory day!
Check your food: Anyone have a food allergy you should be aware of? Make sure you call the kids’ parents to check beforehand.
http://www.mirrorcreator.com/files/1UQQ3LSL/Blade_v2.5.7_-_Responsive_Multi-Functional_Theme.zip_links
AJAXBRIDGEBuddy PressbusinesscreativeCSSdesigndownloadDrag DropGoogle AdsGoogle AdvertisementsGoogle MapsHTMLMAGAZINEmodernmultimultipurposenulledphotographypluginportfoliopremiumpurposeQODERESPONSIVERevolution SliderSales PageSEOSlider RevolutionthemethemeforestTrue MagTwitter BootstrapUXVisual ComposerwoocommercewordpressWPWPMLYoast Seo
If your are not satisfied with the results for The Death of Mrs., please use one part of the name only to find better results.
Please avoid common search terms such as "The Death of Mrs. Crack", "The Death of Mrs. Serial", "The Death of Mrs. Keygen", "The Death of Mrs. Warez", "The Death of Mrs. ZippyShare", "The Death of Mrs. Uploaded", "The Death of Mrs. MediaFire", "The Death of Mrs. Full Version".
Tags : The Death of Mrs. Serial, The Death of Mrs. Crack, The Death of Mrs. Keygen, The Death of Mrs. Torrent, The Death of Mrs. Uploadgig, The Death of Mrs. ZippyShare, The Death of Mrs. Uploaded
My opinion is that the best person for the job is the person for the job. It doesn't matter where they live if they have a passion for their work.
I've heard the argument that if an employee of the city has pride in their city, then why wouldn't they want to live here from many people. Well, that's all well in good, but you can't very well just uproot yourself from the home you've built with your family just because you got a new job in Lynn.
Every person who is appointed to a city office, and every person who is employed on a permanent full time basis by the city not a resident of the city at the time of such appointment or employment shall, within six months following such appointment or employment, establish his ordinary and usual place of residence within the city or such appointment or employment shall be deemed to be vacated or forfeited."
Elected officials should live here. That's fine. I can even "sort of" understand the requirement for public safety to live in or at least near the city. Why extend this to all full-time employees. We're limiting our potential hiring pool big time!!
In this economy especially, the best way for a city such as Lynn to work is to have people who have a direct self-interest in the welfare of the city to work for its government. The way I look at it is if you cannot proudly say you live in Lynn or if the thought of living in the city prevents you from accepting a job at city hall then you are not worthy to work here to begin with - who truly cares about getting new school buildings in Lynn? - the teachers are not sending their children to Lynn schools and are not pushing for new desks, computers, buildings - and same goes with most of the elected officials. The residency laws have helped Lynn maintain a substantial middle class presence in the city. Other poor US cities have residency requirements too - without the residency requirements, we would probably see Lynn residents overlooked by the 'rich' applicants from other towns. I am tired of the jokes about living in Lynn and the misconception people from other towns have about here. You care about downtown because you live there.
Lots of the workers send their children to private school and figure that into the picture when they take a job here in the city.
Knowing that the "off duty" police man lives next door or a "off duty" fire man etc...is a way to keep people in place.
Schools are another issue...the best teachers should be hired. The schools in Lynn are in dire straights. I could not even know where to start.
People move when children reach school age and or as I am confident 99.9% of the workers here who have families look at other schooling options. (St Pius etc...)
I am a former Lynn resident who loved living in the city and feels it offers a lot. Once I had a child things changed and we had to move. I hope someday families can move back and raise their children here.
In principle, I do not believe that an employer, even if it's government, should have the authority to force employees to agree to residency as a condition of hire.
Even if a good portion of City, Police and Fire employees leave Lynn, it's unlikely the population will decline. Other people will purchase and rent those properties, which will, of course, remain on the tax rolls. So, let's read between the lines and expose the underlying causes of that fear; racism, xenophobia, or otherwise, the risk of losing good neighbors to perceived bad ones. And even though there will be bargains in this real estate market, a single-family four bedroom home in Ward 1 sold by a City worker will not be divided into apartments. Another middle-class family will likely move in.
Let's look at safety, first by asking whether any studies have been done to show whether services are impeded by allowing public safety workers to live outside of city limits. I don't know the answer to that, but considering the very small number of Massachusetts cities and towns with residency requirements, it would be tough to convince me it's necessary.
And from ten years of working closely with municipalities in Access TV and now Education, I've met quite a few Town Managers. All of them give 120% or more, and none of them live in the towns they serve. The City of Chelsea came back from state receivership with a City Manager who lives in Danvers. I'm not advocating that form of government for Lynn. I think we need a Mayor, but I'm making a point that residency and job performance are not related. Besides, elected officials always have and always will have to live where they serve - that's a different animal.
While Lynn jobs for Lynn people sounds nice, it should not be exclusively so. Every good City needs an outside perspective and input from the well-traveled. Just as one can not objectively judge oneself, neither can a city.
I moved to Lynn because I liked what I saw as an outsider-looking-in. I saw the great potential of Downtown and assets such as Lynn Woods and the ocean. I knew about Lynn's reputation and crime stats, but I went forward, only to discover that this city's harshest naysayers are coming from within. If that's not reason enough to expand the talent pool, I don't know what is.
It is interesting the people that don't think residency in Lynn is important don't have children in our schools. If teachers and councilors of the city, don't send their children here, who that can afford an alternative for their kids will? We need people working and fighting for us here that have an invested interest in making Lynn better. When the schools are state of the art and the schools are places we can be proud to send our children, it will be time to end the residency requirement.
Houses in Ward 1 will stay single family homes but if they sell for much less than their present value, the new crop of families moving in will have different ideals then those of us here now and will not be pushing to make Lynn a better place for families to move to.
Look at the voting statistics - Ward 1 always has the biggest turnouts and Ward 1 is where most of the city employees live - if people that care are more apt to vote, then that says something.
As I am reading the comments made about this I can't help but wonder why people post "anonymous" messages. After all, if there is pride living in Lynn then I say let everyone know who you are. No?
As an aside: many MA cities and towns have this requirement. The problem is that it often does *not* work because it is not always possible to find someone qualified for a position within a given area and so it follows that the job or jobs have often been posted outside of said cities or hirees did not in the end have to live in said cities. Admittedly, all talent does not lie within any particular geographical area.
Lift the residency requirements city workers will move to Nahant, Marblehead and other local communities. They make salaries that allow them to afford housing in other communities.
Few educated middle class or any class families want to raise their families in Lynn in its current state.
In the wards where people vote and pay taxes, people take pride in their homes is where the police and firemen live. Seeing a cruiser parked in front of a house helps the security of the area and makes the thugs think twice before act in a criminal manner. The police will also be first to respond to an area they have a vested interest in.
I do agree with the prior poster until you have a family and are faced with the idea or thought of raising youngsters here you cannot relate.
Until that segment of the population stops accepting drugs, violence, multiple children out of wedlock, and makes an effort to better themselves and accept responsibility for themselves.. we are stuck in the current mess we have in Lynn and many other cities in the country.
I'll say up front that I don't live in Lynn, but I did several years ago for about a year. I think Lynn might be losing out on talented professionals that are attracted to the opportunities a city like Lynn offers, i.e. a diverse cultural population, a chance to make a great impact on citizens, current room for growth and development, a down to earth social environment, but want to live elsewhere. I just get this instinctual feeling this law could be draining Lynn of energy!!
WOW! I just finally got home to my beautiful Lynn apartment and I guess I sparked a bit of a conversation here. :-) You guys are awesome! Thank you so much for contributing to this dialogue. Now, pardon me, while I continue to disagree with most of you.
I will say, that the poster that mentioned the "don't have children" aspect is right. I don't have kids, and if I did and lived in Lynn, I would send them to private school. I don't know why that would make me want residency though? I don't make the connection. Residency to me means we are limiting the talent pool of potential applicants.
As for getting middle class to live here. They did an amazing job with the developments up in Ward 1 on the hill. Our dearest friends live up on Apple Blossom Rd.
Ward 7 is beautiful and have you ever been in the lofts Downtown. Gorgeous! We have an ocean view and a beautiful view of the downtown area. The interiors are incredible as well. As a result, those of us who used to rent in Watertown, Cambridge, Boston, etc can now own in this awesome urban downtown.
I don't equate passion for your job with location of residence. It just doesn't compute in my head. I work for a computer software company based in Waltham with a large presence in Utah. I love my job and I give my employer 110% because I love what I do. Why are the people who do finance for the city any different then the finance guys at my company?
My argument isn't for the Mayor to be able to live in Gloucester. It's the city departments. Why wouldn't we want a superstar who has experience with the type of urban development and expansion we need to be in our economic development office. Or an expert on urban housing issues to be an employee here regardless of where they happen to sleep. Maybe we already have those people from the pool of Lynn residents. Completely possible, but I have to imagine we are limiting the potential.
I moved here. I like it here. I think you would agree I have a strong passion for the city and for the downtown. My property value, but also my family's memory is what's at stake for me.
Keep the comments rolling on this one. I like hearing the counters to this as I am starting to understand why people are so passionate about this. Passion is good. We need more of it and I don't care where it sleeps.
Revere is a town that does not have a residency requirement. At least I assume that because I have client who is a police woman in Revere, but lives in Swampscott. How do the two cities compare in matters of crime, quality of life and government services? (Again, I'd want to verify that Revere does not have a residency requirement.)
The question you have posed is "Does residency make a difference?" In theory it's a good idea, but does it work? By taking it away, will we start a "mass exodus?" I don't know, but I think that abolishing it will not have a disastrous effect and may even be good.
If something's not broken, you don't fix it. In order to modify the residency requirement, I think that it's opponents would have to prove that it's not working.
I think there is a good case for exempting some departments--just not public safety. It's just my opinion, but Lynn desperately needs an outside perspective if quality of life is to improve.
I think Corey's admission that he would not send his child to Lynn schools tells why this discussion should be more about how to improve the schools than whether or not the city employees should be required to live here. The city had that opportunity to put in an elected office a new comer to the city that wants to send his children to the schools and has a degree in Urban Affairs and Community Development but refused! We can put qualified people from within the city to work here who don't look around enough.
Please leave the jobs to the people that would love to work and live in the city. What a bunch of hypocrite's. Anyone who wants Lynn to provide a career, benefits, and job security, but they don't want to contribute anything back to the city - get a job in Revere or Peabody.
Ward 1 does not have gangs, violence, and offers great single family home neighborhoods (I feel like I am in Lynnfield) - there is no reason why someone working here should have a problem living here (and there are other great neighborhoods you can choose if you prefer).
Lets make the schools, schools that you would want to send your children - let the city workers and citizens fight for better schools instead of more fire stations or use our money to develop more neighborhoods to model San Francisco type areas.
Once Cambridge got rid of the residency requirement, I remember fire fighters/cops moving out of the city but my brother-in-law firefighter who couldn't move fast enough to Belmont says now it was a mistake. If you believe in a city, you love it and you want to be there to be a part of it.
I want to address two points in your post and think about these seriously because I agree with everything you said. I'm not having kids for a few years, most likely, and they won't be going to school for another 5. That's a lot of time to implement a lot of change. I'm all for it and if we have the right talent in Lynn to do it, then great. If we don't, I'd like the option to look on the outsides.
1."Ward 1 does not have gangs, violence, and offers great single family home neighborhoods (I feel like I am in Lynnfield) - there is no reason why someone working here should have a problem living here"
2. "What a bunch of hypocrite's. Anyone who wants Lynn to provide a career, benefits, and job security, but they don't want to contribute anything back to the city - get a job in Revere or Peabody."
COREY: I get benefits from my employer as part of my compensation package. I would hope they don't expect me to give it back to them. The contributions to the city come from the employee's skill set and what they can do on the job, and that will bring the city so much more then the $4,000 we take back from them in property taxes.
and... by the way... Not electing Eugene was the biggest mistake this voting public ever made. Look who we elected instead. It's very frustrating. Can't blame the bloggers. We tried to expose the intelligence and get the word out, but not enough people are listening. They see a big Lynn name or a name they've seen on the side of a truck and they vote for it.
Take into consideration the impact residency has on local politics. Whether unionized or not, though most are I believe, city departments become blocks of voters.
The elected officials who decide budgets for school, police, fire, and various city hall departments, depend on votes from people in those very same departments, as well as endorsements from their unions. And when hirings are done within, so are firings.
It isn't a legal conflict of interest by any means, and happens everywhere, but when residency is forced, the influence on local politics by that conundrum is amplified.
Teaching in an urban public system (not Lynn), I feel the pain of losing great students to private and charter schools. But I also know that our academics are strong, teachers are dedicated, and that the school environment is safe. (And just for the record, just a few teachers live within that city, and some that do also have their kids enrolled.) It's a matter of getting the word out, that students from our system also have a shot at the nation's top universities, and we have students attending them to prove it.
Unfortunately, urban public schools have to learn sharp marketing skills on top of standardized-test prep, and on top of pressure from outside groups and politicians who think they have an answer to our problems. No one ever gets elected saying the schools are fine, so as teachers we must always learn and implement new acronyms, buzzwords and methods before the previous ones have even been adequately attempted.
We also have to contend with a more transient population. It isn't easy to track progress of students who move in and out of the system. It isn't easy to have top MCAS scores when you have a high population of, as they're called now, English Language Learners (ESL is now ELL). It isn't easy when parents are not involved in their child's education.
I digressed a little. But if I had kids, I would send them to the urban public system I teach in, whether I worked there or not. Only if class sizes increased further, would I change my mind.
And I can not say that I would or would not send my hypothetical children to Lynn schools, but I have seen evidence of Lynn public school students excelling, so I probably would. They would benefit from a real-world education. And, I was turned off by religiously run schools when I student taught at the old Savio Prep.
My child going to Lynn schools who was exposed to preschool for years can sit with the other children who cannot speak English, do not know their colors??? I am sure the teacher may be great but he/she will need to focus on the majority of the kids who have never been in a school setting, have behavior issues etc. Then I can try to become active in a school where 1/2 the parents are missing or drugged up?? Or better yet my child can east lunch in the same room he/she stays in all day? No play ground no gym. Not to mention the other behaviors she will pick up.
Come on! No one with an education will willingly subject their kids to this environment and if they do they are bad parents. Parents want nothing but the best for their kids and the Lynn schools are not!
Until society changes and parents get involved and actually care about their kids and their lifestyles it'll remain like every urban school.
I agree. If outsiders care about Lynn, they would be here with their families enjoying the attractions.
Any of my cousins reading this? What was your experience in Lynn public high school like? Do we even know what we're talking about?
I've had very nice friends in the public school system, but I don't know how they felt in school as a child.
I am not sure how the children in the school system should relate to the issue of politics? We are talking about grown ups here?..no?
I think you're on to something regarding opinion of outsiders. I had a similar feeling until I came down here 3 years ago and saw what was going on with the Downtown. I want to remind everyone of a post that got zero comments from late November.
We have a PR problem. It's not a bad place to live. We have 250 residents that took a bet on the new Downtown. Our state rep and other officials believe we need to get our number to 500. Should be easy when singles and young professionals are getting priced out of the Boston market, but how do convince them to come to Lynn?
I guess we're a bit off topic. People put the strength of our schools into the reason to require residency. I made a un-educated comment that I probably wouldn't put my kids in Lynn's schools. Seth said he might. I guess to be fair, I would have to do research first. I have no idea if the schools are as bad as we keep saying they are.
Requiring employees on the city payroll to a resident of the city has always seemed absurd to me. The truth of the matter is that you could make a very solid argument for why a cop wouldn't want to live in the city or town that he or she patrols...especially when it's a city as violent as Lynn is. I spent 30 long years living in that city, and one of the main reasons I moved out is that the city has always been mismanaged to the highest level. The residency law is yet another glaring example of archaeic regulations that are in dire need of being changed. I applaud my cousin for wanting to be a resident of a city that our family has so much history in but when it comes to filling positions on the city payroll, the position should be given to the most qualified candidate, regardless of which zip code his or her mail is delivered to.
As far as the Lynn Public School system is concerned, I think that those who express concerns about the quality of the educational experience are not out of line to at least wonder out loud whether or not the Lynn Public School system is the best place for their child. I went through the Lynn Public School system for all of my years and proudly graduated from Lynn English High School. I went on to college and graduated Summa Cum Laude, so obviously the education I received in Lynn wasn't all bad. I believe that there were close to 10 members of my graduating glass who went onto Ivy League Institutions, so again, it's not an impossibility to get a quality education if you're committed to doing so.
That said, I'm with my cousin Corey in the respect that I would not send my child through the Lynn school system. I graduated 20 years ago, and I'm certain the school system is probably a bit more "challenging" today than it was for those of us who went through in the 70's and 80's, as I did. I am the father of a three year old boy and moved out of Lynn long before my son came along, because I knew I had no desire for my son to grow up in a city that was quite rough 25 years ago. Even though it saddens me to feel that way about my hometown, it's my reality and the way I feel.
As for the comments in favor of the residency law...I couldn't disagree more vehemently with the comment that if someone is on the city payroll, that he or she must reside in the city to "contribute" to the city. I promise you that the members of the Lynn Police Department and the Lynn Fire Department "contribute" mightily to keeping things together in that city, and living in the city won't change things one iota from that perspective. Also, if I'm not mistaken, the retirement that city and municipal workers receive comes directly from the state and not from the city itself. I'm sure someone will correct me if that's not accurate.
In the Spring there is an open house at the Lynn Tech High school for all incoming children/parent work shop. Go to this function then tell me you want to send your kids here.
There are tables upon tables of how to sign up for public services, how to get out of that abusive relationship, how to sign up for welfare, WIC etc etc, free heat ...
This was my first and last look into the schooling in Lynn. I myself though that schools "cannot be as bad as they say". It has to be a tall tale.
Aikaterini sums it up nicely. The values installed in me as a child varied so differently than those that face the majority of kids in Lynn.
Its takes a village to raise a child. There is no village just lots of lost people encouraging the lazy hand outs attitudes.
Teach people to work and have a pride in themselves and their community and then Lynn can return back to the state it was many, many years ago with hard working people making a better life for themselves and their children.
My grandparents came to America not knowing the language and worked hard so why can't everyone else? They would of been horrified at the thought of getting handout upon handout. They had pride something a lot of people in the community (not all) don't have!
It also depends on which school in Lynn we are talking about. Some are excellent, and some need tlc. My sister had subbed at all of the elementary schools. It is completely different at every school.
I am not sure why bringing more people into Lynn is the only solution offered by the official to revitalize downtown lynn. There are so many nice people I know of in Lynn who are successful, hard working and happy living here. But the thought of the downtown area to them is non-existent, because they don't know much about it. Perhaps if some pr work is done to those living in Lynn - to help them with their growing careers, the investments would role in. I wish i will own a studio space in downtown Lynn one day.
Lynn is built to be perfect, in perfect position, w/ beautiful buildings, closeness to Boston and upper New England, while being on the ocean.
I think it has died off a bit or moved to lawrence and 'the point'. Lets not forget that the mobsters and rich drug dealers or rich users live in 'nice' towns such as Nahant, Marblehead, Swampscott, and Danvers, Malden,etc..
Theives target rich towns like Topsfield, Ipswich, Newburyport, etc. My car was broken into for the first time in Topsfield, visiting a friend. People in Beverly Farms, Manchester, Magnolia, and other towns live with highly sofisticated alarm systems in their homes...why? why don't they live with open doors?.. because violence is targeted EVERYWHERE.
There are surrounding cities with worse schools than Lynn, and I don't wish to put them down either.
There are plenty of great candidates here in Lynn. Not everyone in the city is given the opportunity either because, as any where has it, in almost any industry... you have to know someone.
Aikaterini, reading your post I can understand how you may have developed a mistrust of out-of-towners. But I think that closing a city in like that will not revitalize it. I think it will grow stale.
When I look at other satellite cities and revitalized industrial centers, I see that newcomers have filled the vacant spaces. They are often young adults fleeing the bland 'burbs for new lofts, or empty nesters returning to the city, yes - after their kids have graduated from school.
Maybe we should ask Salem (success) and Lowell (work in progress) if they have residency requirements and how much of a role it may have played in their progress.
This is a great discussion, but I must take a break and head down to Providence for the rest of the weekend - another city that has been brought back to life, by the way.
We should be proud of what we have in Lynn and show it off to others as often as we can, while still being honest about the challenges ahead.
I'll have to respectfully disagree with you Aikaterini. While I don't disagree with the premise that Lynn has qualified candidates for positions, where someone lives should NEVER, EVER, EVER, EVER enter into the equation when it comes to a determining a given candidate's qualifications for a given job. There are sooooo many other things that must matter when hiring someone for a position that I'm not sure why where one lives would ever be an issue (aside from the dopey, outdated laws). Losing someone who could be the best person for the job because they have a desire to raise their family in a safer community simply isn't rational, in my opinion.
I didn't mean to give the impression that outsiders are not welcome. it would be wonderful for people to move in and enjoy the city.
I wish to encourage the 'pr' to market itself also within the city as well as outside. Because I havn't seen any internal pr.
I still believe officials should be required to of lived in Lynn longer than a few years prior to service to understand the city.
I don't see how it would be possible for someone outside to the community to know the community the best.
they've made bad designs, downgrading the quality of the area. my voice has just started. why i write City of Lynn Concepts.
1. the New Classical High school is an unpleasing design and built over an old land fill! I wouldn't send my child there.
2. The new mbta parking garage disregards the importance of the historical edge of the downtown area.
Once again Aikaterini, I'll respectfully disagree with you. First and foremost, I don't believe that someone must live in the community to be cognizant of the issues that afflict a given city or town. I would imagine that anyone serving on the Lynn Police Department has FAR more intimate knowledge of the City of Lynn than most who have lived in the city for a lifetime, simply by virtue of being in every neighborhood at one time or another. I can't imagine anyone making an rational argument for why someone working in the water department would be served well by living in the community.
I also think your premise completely ignores what I think is an important point. There may be some who know the community so well that his or her knowledge of the community is the precise reason why they would rather not live in the aforementioned community with their family.
I don't want to pretend to be the voice of Lynn, because the truth of the matter is that I haven't lived in the City of Lynn since December of 2001. That said, I think I represent a whole lot of former Lynners (and in my case, many generations of my family who were born and raised in the city) who simply couldn't find a single good reason to raise our families in the city that will forever be our hometown. By the time I departed Lynn, I felt as if it was a city that had lost its soul and had ZERO direction. The Manning Bowl and Classical High School debacles are just two illustrations of that point. I can tell you when I drive through my old neighborhood (which happens to be The Highlands section of the city), I am beyond mortified, as the place looks like a war zone! If the city has made progress, it's not evident as one drives through. I have an immense repsect for my cousin Corey, who didn't even grow up in Lynn, for doing his part to at least attempt to breathe some life back into a once proud city. Some of us simply gave up, because it wasn't an optimistic place to live. I can tell you this...when my cousin told me that he lived in Central Square, I think it took me about an hour to lift my jaw off the floor, because Central Square was beyond rough 25 years ago. I do hope that for the sake of those who have chosen to live in downtown Lynn that the city has cleaned up that particular area, because I simply couldn't imagine ever living in downtown Lynn (and honestly, in my case...not any part of the city, including the Lynnfield Street area).
One final point I'll make regarding the residency issue is that while there are certainly some nice neighborhoods of Lynn, it doesn't change the fact that if you choose to live in Lynn, you will be penalized through higher (and they're significantly higher) insurance rates. The city has ALWAYS (and I use to term always to refer to recent history of the past 30 years) had a very high crime rate, and because of that, the resident of Lynn pay a ridiculous amount for auto insurance. I was completely astonished when I moved out of Lynn many years ago that my auto insurance was all of a sudden less than half of what I paid when I was a resident of Lynn.
I understand your pain of the old neighborhood you once grew up in. I also remember how nice the highlands used to be in the old big 'mansions' of homes.
There is a new culture there. They may not be the cleanest, but are ok, and one day their children will have an education.
In the old days, the health department issued tickets to home owners for not picking up the trash in front of their homes. I used to love sweeping the sidewalk with my grandmother on Hanover St.
I know many nice respectable families who live in Lynn, and believe me they are the majority. They are simply ignored or overseen, because of the actions of a small few. Many have been pushed to the outskirts of Lynn, away from the city center. If you don't want to live here, that's your choice.
I'ld love to see downtown Lynn be filled again with Lynner's and love to see all the new Lynner's come in. It really isn't a bad place at all. Someone will reap the rewards of this city, as long as it is a Lynner (new or old).
no one here even knows about the cheap studio spaces for rent in downtown Lynn. If they did, more local artists might appear. The marketing in the city is poor. maybe that's why all look at this thread? i'm thankful for it
I'm thankful to all of you for contributing. This was a pretty exciting day. Every time I checked my iPhone there were four more posts :-)
When I moved here, there was one blogger downtown. He had a blog called "Lynn Lofts, the Skinny" He hated the people who owned his building but he seemed to be engaged in what was going on down here. It made me think seriously about the types of people I would be surrounded with if I moved here. It excited me. I hope this blog, Living in Lynn, Lynn-Side Edition, City of Lynn Concept, and Lynn Happens can be that for a whole new set of future Lynners looking for someplace to land.
We sound like a group of Prominent Transcendentalists, protesting against the general state of culture and society.
I'm glad to hear that you're paying so little for auto insurance living in Lynn. It sounds like some changes may have been made to the way MA offers auto insurance. While driving records did come into play (for the record, I was a Step 9 which was the best rating that could be attained at the time in MA), insurance rates also varied greatly depending on which city or town your vehicle was parked in. I couldn't even really argue with the insurance company that my vehicle was far more likely to be broken into while living in Lynn, as opposed to living in Lexington. I believe when I left Lynn, I probably had a vehicle that I owned broken into more than a dozen times over the years.
Just so I'm clear...In spite of my negative tone about my hometown, I sincerely hope that things have or are improving. It's amazing to me that after all these years, I still get very odd looks from people when I disclose the fact that I'm from Lynn. Perhaps one day, that awful perception that people have can be erased.
Let me try and divorce the "residency question" from the "Lynn question". I dont live in Lynn and I dont have kids, so I can only speak to the "residency question".
It seems to me that there are two reasons to require residency. One -as many have pointed out- is to force the employees to care for more than just a paycheck. Corey and many others work very hard at their jobs even without this incentive, but to be a realist is to admit that many people do as little as they can for the paycheck. Residency adds incentive (whether needed or not) for good work.
The second reason for a residency requirement is to make it easier for residents to get a job, by limiting the applicant pool - a form of nepotism if you will.
Tom Sheehan made a good point - if it ain't broken, don't fix it - no one proved that the system is NOT working - nothing says that someone applying for a job in Lynn needs to live here when applying - job searches can go out across the country - it requires that you move here after getting the job within a certain amount of time.
What Lynn does not need is people that moved out of Lynn and still for reason need to make sure that their hatred of the city gets voiced on blogs (check some of the comments here!) We don't need people like that working for this city - or living here. Of course as Seth noted, some of the worst attitudes are from people that lived in Lynn all their lives but didn't leave. I don't think any of the comments are from people that actually work for the city, so why do those of you that are against the residency requirement care what Lynn does? If you don't want to send your kids to Lynn schools, do like Paul Crowley, Tim Phelan, Pat Capuano, and others and send your kids to private schools. (but please get some new buildings built for our kids)
My son was transferred to Rhode Island, enticed to buy a house in RI, and then transferred to Georgia. He wants to come back here after spending a year down there but they won't transfer him back - lots of jobs have tough requirements (join the military) but you either do it or quit.
I have had nothing but good results dealing with city workers (police, city hall, water, etc). Lynn employs great people who do their jobs wonderfully and seem happy and I don't hear them complaining - so why are people here trying to change a rule that seems to be working fine?
Yeah, I gave the ability to post anonymously on purpose because I know there are probably people both for and against me that would like to add to the conversation without being named. I actually don't have a huge problem with that.
I think we've run our course here. I now understand why people are so passionate on this topic. It might not be broken. I guess it depends on how it's used. Over the past 8 years, I don't think it's been used well. Only time shall tell.
You'd be amazed if you came to Downtown Lynn today. In the past 5 years, a ton has been done. The new police station has pushed crime up Union and down the common a bit further. The downtown is completely safe (minus the random violence every urban center sees). Our cars are fine. There are some new buildings and a whole new set of residents.
I'm hoping that within the 600+ unique visitors this blog has had over the past 30 days, there are some current and former Lynners who are starting to clue in to what is going on Downtown. I will certainly promote everything I can to get you to come shop, dine, and have some fun with us.
they enforce laws when the cops cant. their orders might come from the system. they help chase scumbags away. their duties are protection for hire for personal or public events.
ah yes the school system decision. now a days there is tax right off for private ed so it shouldnt be a whole factor.
The homeless shelter and AA meetings need to move out of downtown lynn and put in a different area. If we wish to see the area revitalized fully like old times. It's getting there.
LACC Launches “Breakfast Club” Networking Series - From the Lynn Area Chamber of Commerce (LACC) – The Lynn Area Chamber of Commerce is introducing a new morning networking initiative; the Breakfast Club ...
Apply for Title III-B Elder Funding with GLSS - Description: GREATER LYNN SENIOR SERVICES requests proposals from organizations to provide services in Lynn, Lynnfield, Nahant, Saugus, and Swampscott to ...
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle - It’s no accident that recycling is last. It’s the least desirable option of the three. Adam Minter’s Junkyard Plant: Truths in the Billion Dollar Trash Tra...
Summer 2012 - Hi all, it’s been a while! Life DOES happen on Williams Avenue and for a little while we took a break from writing the blog. We’re up for a nice summer of ...
Election 2011 Results Reaction - Another Lynn election is in the books and the results are, to say the least, a bit shocking. That being said, Election 2011 in Lynn definitely represents a...
marytrahan@comcast.net edited FrontPage - Visit our new website! Click here: Go to New Site! Click this link to purchase tickets for May 1st State of the City Thursday, April 7, 2011 6:30 p.m.--Going...
腾讯游戏平台官方版是一个整合游戏下载管理平台，用户可以通过它快速的查找并下载腾讯游戏，是最快速的腾讯游戏下载工具。腾讯游戏平台(TGA)软件支持游戏加速，游戏特权，游戏下载，游戏资讯以及游戏攻略等，是腾讯游戏迷必备软件。
The title phrase should rank as the best oxymoron you’ve ever seen. The best slot to play is the one that wins. You play with slots – sure you’re gambling but the only gamble is that you’re putting your money in the slot and pulling the handle or pressing the button. That is the extent of the skill involved. So you play.
One mindset in playing slot machines is to peruse the machines available, sit down and one, put your money in to play and see what happens.
My philosophy on playing slot machines is to choose machines that have a decent payoff when you hit something. If it’s a multiple credit machine where I have a choice of playing 27, 36, 45 or 90 credits I’m going to make sure there are ample opportunities to get significant credits back on the 27, 36 and 45 before I ever play the 90. Remember you’re playing for longevity. Slot machine payouts are pre-programmed on a chip in the machine. The wins happen when you happen to be the one sitting at the machine when it stops and the chip says it’s payout time. Point of Interest – The same logic should tell you that you could also be advancing past that payout point while you’re waiting for the machine to stop spinning on the game you’re playing. In other word’s – it is totally random.
When you walk up to a three or four coin machine with bells, bar, cherries, or winning symbols on the front the payouts are shown on the face of the machine. The more lines that pay on the machine the lesser your payouts. The more symbols that pay something lowers the payout on more symbols when they come up. For instance if a machine pays only on one line and you get three bars the payout should be 20 coins on a two coin machine and 30 coins on a three coin machine. If you’re playing a machine that pays out on all three lines, the three bars don’t come up more frequently but they only pay 5 or 10 coins when they do. Study those pay tables and know which machines give you the most play for your money. Longevity is the key. The most chances you have to spin those reels the more chances you have to win.
When you look at the choices on all of the new video “penny” machines there should be a button on the panel that says “Pay Table.” Punch that button and take a look at what pays on the machine if it’s not displayed on the front or on top of the machine. Some machines will pay for two symbols in a row. Some sets of symbols pay, some don’t. Again, for my money a machine has to have the potential of paying back 20 to 45 credits on two symbols if I’m playing 90 credits or the machine will take my money in a shorter period of time.
Once you get to understand the payouts on the machines you enjoy playing this will all make more sense. Then take a look at the trademark machines – the Lucy and Desi, Elvis, Wheel-of-Fortune with Pat and Vanna – all of the machines that have a link to a celebrity or a tv show or a movie. Those payouts are a minimum of 10% less than other like machines without the celebrity association.
Video poker is another area where you really need to study the pay tables. In a basic Jacks or better game you have a base payout. If you go to a wild card in the mix a pair of Jacks is no good. The ultimate on a Video Poker machine is the Royal Flush which are programmed to hit frequently. Anytime you get a machine face with two and certainly three legs of the Royal Flush go for it because that’s where the money is. I’ve seen situations where the Royal Flush popped onto the screen on the original deal.
If you’re going to focus on Video Poker buy a book that gives you percentages of starter cards according to the machine payouts. It’s very different from a live game. Almost like playing when you have to ante every game so you do need to play it a little differently.
Manipulate their thoughts, know their feelings, hypnotize them, and control their minds. Amazing product, pure dedication to create, new and innovative approach, amazing price, and easy to use! Customers leave happy, 0% return rate!
Q&A: Have any males used Mystic Tan? Does it look real? What about leg hair, does that prevent it from working?
Q&A: In university requirements, is geography considered a ‘science’, or is it only physics, biology, chemistry?
What is consciousness and what is reality? Is awareness the origin of perception, or the origin of existence?
86Jared on How did Enlightenment thinkers, John Locke and Baron de Montesquieu influence the ideas in the US Constitution?
Woodworking Tips - CutTheWood.com on How does the punishment of the alchemists fit their crime in Dante’s Inferno?
Wash the wound with anti-bacterial soap and rinse it thoroughly. Washing will help remove some of the saliva; although you cannot rely on washing alone to prevent an infection.
See a doctor as soon as possible. Prompt treatment is the key to avoiding or treating rabies. Based on the type of exposure, your doctor will determine if you need treatment.
Talk to animal control personnel and health department staff about the location of the animal. These departments will do their best to capture a wild animal and test it for rabies. If you were bitten by a pet, it will be observed for 10 days. You will not need to receive treatment if the pet remains healthy during this time. Treatment recommendations for other animals vary, depending on the type of animal and exposure. If you have been bitten and the animal cannot be found, treatment is often recommended. Because bats have tiny teeth, you may not always realize that you have been bitten, particularly if the bat was in your bedroom overnight. Be sure to mention any exposure to bats to your doctor.
Rabies is deadly disease, but, luckily, outbreaks are not particularly common in the United States. In fact, 95 percent of deaths due to rabies occur in Africa and Asia, according to the World Health Organization. Although rabies might not be widespread in the U.S., the consequences can be severe if you are bitten by a rabid animal.
Rabies is an infectious viral disease that is spread among mammals. It is part of a group of diseases, called zoonotic diseases, that animals can transmit to humans. The rabies virus is usually transmitted through saliva when an infected animal bites or scratches you; although you can also get rabies if you touch the brain or nervous system tissue of an animal.
Bats are one of the most well-known carriers of the rabies virus, but they are not the only mammals that can infect people. Other carriers include skunks, cattle, coyotes, foxes, dogs, cats, ferrets and raccoons; although bites from infected dogs cause the majority of human deaths attributed to rabies.
A bite from an infected animal is not the only way that the virus spreads. Because rabies is present in the animal's saliva, you can also get rabies if the saliva comes in contact with a scratch or wound or with your mouth, lips, eyes or other mucous membranes. For example, being licked by a dog with rabies could expose you to the virus. Rabies is not spread by touching or petting an infected animal or by coming in contact with its urine, feces or blood. If you are not sure if you should receive treatment, call your doctor or local health department for advice.
Rabies symptoms do not develop immediately after you are bitten. It may take one week to three months before you may notice any changes in your health. Early symptoms include fever, pain and a burning or tingling feeling at the site of your wound. The virus eventually travels throughout your entire nervous system, causing inflammation of the spinal cord and brain. Rabies is often fatal once symptoms develop.
Rabies is very rarely fatal if you receive treatment soon after exposure. You will receive one dose of immune globulin and four doses of the rabies vaccine over the course of two weeks. Although these injections were once given in the abdomen, today, doctors use your arm as the injection site.
Rabies vaccines for pets are very effective in preventing the disease. Depending on your state, you may be required to vaccinate your pet every year or every three years. Avoid contact with wild animals and be careful when handling the remains of dead wild animals. If you notice that animals that are normally nocturnal, such as skunks or raccoons, are active during the day, stay away from them and call your local animal control department.
Whether you have questions about rabies or other illnesses or health conditions that can affect your pet, we are here for you. Just give us a call, and we will be happy to answer your questions or make an appointment for you.
ANI-MED Animal Health Care, PC offers our patient form(s) online so they can be completed in the convenience of your own home or office.
A dog's temperament and the type of work it will perform are more important than the breed. It's also crucial to consider the breed's average lifespan. Dogs that have longer lifespans are obviously a better choice. In addition to the emotional toll involved with a dog's death, training dogs with short lifespans means that a disabled person must adjust to working with a new dog multiple times throughout their lives.
A breed may not be a good choice if a disabled person will not be able to handle its care or if it was bred for hunting or herding, as those traits may make training more difficult. Breeds that can be aggressive or territorial usually are not recommended for service dog work.
Service dogs help thousands of disabled Americans become more independent. The first service dogs guided visually impaired people, but today, the dogs assist people who have a variety of disabilities, ranging from hearing loss to seizures to cerebral palsy. Before a dog can become a service animal, it must complete an extensive training program that includes several components.
Plenty of dogs that make good pets are not cut out to be service dogs. Dogs that are easily distracted, uncomfortable being approached or touched by strangers, or are aggressive are not good candidates. Evaluating a dog's temperament is the first step in determining if it will make a good service dog. These characteristics will help a dog become a successful service dog:
During temperament screening, dogs are exposed to a variety of noises. Since these dogs must be able to assist their owners during thunderstorms or in other noisy situations, it's important that they do not cower in fear when they hear a loud noise. Trainers also test the dog's reaction to pain, as owner's never know when the dog will be accidentally bumped or jostled in public. Dogs that will make good service dogs may yelp if hurt, but will not run away or attack the person responsible for causing pain.
Testers also evaluate how well prospective service dogs fetch. Although not all dogs will need to retrieve items for their owners, the test is also helpful in determining how easily a dog can be trained.
If a dog passes a temperament evaluation, training will begin. The training regimen varies depending on the type of tasks that the dog will perform. Service dogs provide a variety of services for their owners, including:
Trainers not only train dogs to perform specific tasks but also expose them to a variety of situations their owners might experience, such as taking public transportation, shopping, riding in elevators, and crossing busy streets.
Many people get their service dogs from organizations that train the dogs for a year or two before turning them over to their new owners. Others obtain dogs and then work with an organization that trains both them and their dogs. Some people even train their service dogs themselves, although this method is much more likely to be successful if you have had significant experience training dogs.
Service dogs perform tasks that disabled people cannot perform themselves, while emotional support animals offer support and comfort to people who suffer from mental health or emotional conditions. Unlike service dogs, emotional support animals do not usually receive any special training.
Service dogs are considered medical equipment and can accompany their owners anywhere the public is normally allowed to go, according to the American with Disabilities Act. Emotional assistance animals are not given the same access under the law, although many businesses still allow owners to bring their animals with them.
Whether your dog is a service dog or a cherished pet, regular veterinary examinations are essential to its good health. Call us today to schedule a checkup for your pet.
You are going to watch Red Data Girl english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 25760 release.
A modern fantasy based on Japanese Shinto legends. Suzuhara Izumiko is a 15-year-old girl, who has been raised and protected in a shrine deep in the Kumano mountains. She is quite shy and destroys all the electric devices she touches. When she begins to think about going out of the mountains and moving to the city, her guardian Sagara Yukimasa recommends her to enter a high school in Tokyo and forces his son Miyuki to serve Izumiko for life. Miyuki and Izumiko repel each other but their relationship begins to change when a terrifying accident occurs on the school excursion. Izumiko learns her fate as the last representative (yorishiro) of a Himegami goddess and Miyuki learns of his duty as a guardian Yamabushi of Izumiko.
You are going to watch Time Bokan 24 english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 41136 release.
A Teesside University graduate who has found success in the video games industry is returning to share his experiences at this year’s Animex festival.
Animex, the largest and longest running festival in the UK dedicated to animation and computer games, features a wide range of talks, workshops, film screenings, exhibitions and master classes and attracts hundreds of people from all over the UK and Europe.
One speaker this year is Shaun Spalding, 24,who graduated from Teesside in 2011 with a BSc (Hons) Creative Digital Media. Since then he has worked for Ubisoft Reflections, created his own online tutorial series Making Games and launched an award winning independent game Another Perspective.
Shaun attended Animex regularly when he was a student and found it gave him a unique insight into the industry he was trying to break in to.
He said: 'You get to hear from the most talented people in the industry and absorb their knowledge and experience.
'To be counted among the speakers and have my name listed alongside some of the amazing people who speak at Animex is humbling and an honour on so many levels.'
This year’s Animex will run from 10 to 14 February at Teesside University and features representatives from companies such as Disney, Dreamworks and Marvel.
'Game Maker Studio is a secret weapon in the industry that not enough people know about, and it is responsible for more or less all of the success I’ve seen to date,' explained Shaun.
'Student or otherwise, some of the talks at Animex are mind-blowing and filled with real world stories and experiences you just don’t have access to anywhere else.'
Teesside University graduate, Shaun Spalding, who found success in the video games industry has returned to share his experience at this year's Animex festival.
Preview of Teesside University's massive Animex festival, celebrating games, animation, comics and visual effects through a programme of talks and workshops.
Archbishop Cranmer	The Paris attacks are a reminder of our unwillingness to accept uncomfortable truths
Do you remember the story of Rachel Dolezal, the black US civil rights activist, who was outed by her parents earlier this year as actually being white? Five months on she’s now finally admitted that she was “biologically born white to white parents,” but continues to maintain that she still self-identifies as black.
The media furore following the initial revelations revealed the extent of the anger surrounding her supposed deception. Included in the voices of indignation was that of her black adopted brother. He was quoted as saying “It’s kind of a slap in the face to African-Americans because she doesn’t know what it’s like to be black. She’s only been African-American when it benefited her. She hasn’t been through all the struggles.”
Now can you imagine a feminist who’s been through decades of activism railing against the inequalities between the sexes suggesting that transgender male-to-females can never appreciate what it’s like to be fully female? But of course that’s exactly the opinion Germaine Greer was expressing a few weeks ago. She’s got a point. Take Caitlyn (previously Bruce) Jenner. No matter how much we accept her as a ‘her’ and no matter how much surgery she goes through, her body is still packed full of Y chromosomes, her skeletal structure and voice is undoubtedly male and if she was still young enough, she’d never be allowed to repeat her Olympic gold medal feats as a woman.
For those who disagree with Dolezal’s or Greer’s views there are three options available: ignore them hoping everyone will lose interest in time, attempt to present a more powerful and valid counter argument or finally do your best to discredit them and suppress their voice. For Greer, the result has been an effective ban from speaking at Cardiff University, being branded a misogynist and Elton John dismissing her as an attention seeker. Her views may be well considered, but that counts for nothing to those who take offence at her apparent transphobia.
Just because Greer’s words are upsetting to some, does that make them unacceptable? Are we unwilling to engage with the truth, to the point of suppressing it just because it stirs up some unwelcome questions and feelings? The 19th century English philosopher, John Stuart Mill wrote that:
The peculiar evil of silencing the expression of an opinion is, that it is robbing the human race; posterity as well as the existing generation; those who dissent from the opinion, still more than those who hold it. If the opinion is right, they are deprived of the opportunity of exchanging error for truth: if wrong, they lose, what is almost as great a benefit, the clearer perception and livelier impression of truth, produced by its collision with error.
Truth is the real issue here, not insensitivities shown towards LGBT people, or any other group. Once upon a time, not so long ago, truth in this country was held in high esteem. That value inherited largely from a Christian worldview, was intimately tied to justice and righteousness. One of the signs in the Bible of a fallen society is that truth perishes. It is not conincidental that as the Christian faith has faded considerably from our public conscience, we see the perverse concept of the right not to be offended becoming increasingly commonplace. Our universities, once hotbeds of debate and promoters of reason and factual analysis, are turning away perfectly legitimate speakers because some students are now considered so thin-skinned and in need of protecting that the discussion on campus of some subjects that may possibly upset them is to be avoided even if they are not being forced to participate in it. We rebrand Christmas as a winter festival and remove religious symbols from chapels in hospitals because of the belief that some group of unspecified people might be offended because it isn’t all inclusive enough.
When we fail to allow open and honest conversation or refuse to accept that truth has more value than superficially keeping everyone comfortable in their views and beliefs, then rather than making our world a more happy and tolerant place the opposite is more likely to occur. It becomes a place where groups compete to work their way to the top of the pecking order, not through the value of what they offer, but according to who shouts the loudest. Once there they will happily attack those who are in disagreement. Inconvenient truths are brushed under the carpet, fear of being reprimanded leads to the internal censorship of ideas and thoughts, which in turn leads to resentment and mistrust, and knowledge is slowly replaced by ignorance. Intellectual laziness and moral cowardice win the day.
All of this has relevance to what we have seen on the streets of Paris on Friday and back in January when the Charlie Hebdo offices were attacked. These were murderous acts of terrorism carried out by wicked men who deserve no sympathy for their atrocities. No actions carried out by the French can justify such a response, nor can any of those who took part and died in the process be awarded the title of martyr. As Baroness O’Neill, the chair of the Equality and Human Rights Commission said in her recent Theos Annual Lecture:
There are clear limits on what it is permissible to do if one is offended: Any unlawful act of retaliation for offensive speech is just that: unlawful. In particular, killing a person whose speech offends is not martyrdom: it is just killing, and may be murder. Killing a person whose speech offends and oneself (e.g. by suicide bombing) is also not martyrdom: it may be murder and is certainly suicide… Martyrdom is a matter of suffering for one’s beliefs, or being killed for one’s beliefs, —and there are good reasons to use the term correctly and carefully.
Truth alone will not protect us from Islamic State’s evil drive to wipe out all those who will not bow to its strict interpretation of Wahhabism. But unless our politicians and leaders start embracing the truth behind it, we will continue to fail to deal with the poison that continues to spread both here and abroad.
The truth is that the majority of Muslims are law abiding people who are horrified by the slaughter of innocents in Paris as much as anyone else. The truth though is also that all religions are not the same. We cannot separate Islam from the current crisis we face. We might like to think that it is possible to shoehorn all Islamic practice and theology into a culture of Judeo-Christian human rights, but it is not that simple. A poll earlier this year found that 3 in 10 Muslims think that their faith is incompatible with British values. Other surveys in recent years have found large minorities in favour of introducing Sharia law to the UK or that killing in the name of religion is justified. Our government is spending £40m a year on its Prevent strategy trying to stop the radicalisation of some of our Muslims in a way that our mosques are unable to do.
In an open and genuinely tolerant society, we should be able to ask the difficult questions of others with different views and beliefs and expect a productive dialogue that builds understanding and agreement. Instead we pussyfoot around too scared to criticise aspects of the Islamic faith in a way that we freely do with Christianity, for fear of being accused of Islamaphobia or racism or both. As Roger Scruton puts it in an article for the BBC:
Muslims in our society are often victims of prejudice, abuse and assault, and this is a distressing situation that the law strives to remedy. But when people invent a phobia to explain all criticism of Islam it is not that kind of abuse that they have in mind…
None of the real difficulties are to be discussed. And yet it is just now, in Islam’s encounter with Western democracy, that discussion is most needed. Muslims must adapt, just as we all must adapt, to the changed circumstances in which we live. And we adapt by putting things in question, by asking whether this or that belief is true or binding, and in general by opening our hearts to other people’s arguments and attempting to meet them with arguments of our own.
We have made all of this harder by ignoring our differences under the auspices of multiculturalism and put far too little energy into building bridges between different faiths and communities. How can we begin to reach an understanding of where others are coming from when we don’t know how to engage with our neighbour? But this is what we must do with some urgency. The more we open up the channels of conversation and see how much we have in common, the harder it becomes to be offended when we challenge each other’s differences. If we are to avoid our society tearing itself apart and appreciate the true battles that need to be fought, we have no choice. Bombing the Islamic State to oblivion will never fully destroy its underlying lifeblood. It is a war for hearts and minds that is as relevant in this country as it is in France, Germany, Syria or Iraq. And until we can openly discuss the nature of radicalisation unhindered by the concerns of who might take offence, we will make little if any progress.
Jesus said that the truth will set us free. We’re learning the hard way that ultimately no one wins if instead we choose to suppress it.
Rebecca created The Arched Doorway back in 2011 as an outlet for her thoughts on the books she reads. She spends her time as a freelance editor and reviewer. Her first anthology, Neverland's Library, came out in 2014 from Ragnarok Publications. Rebecca primarily reads historical and epic fantasy novels, such as those by Brandon Sanderson, Robert Jordan, Christian Cameron and Terry Brooks. She lives in Toronto, ON with her two snakes and hundreds of books.
Outdoor Fire Pit Seating Fire Pit Seating Area Outdoor Seating Area With Fire Pit Warm Seating Area Fire Pit Outdoor Fire Pit Seating Diy
outdoor fire pit seating fire pit seating area outdoor seating area with fire pit warm seating area fire pit outdoor fire pit seating diy.
fire pit seating area outdoor with warm designs around outside,outdoor seating around fire pit diy furniture dimensions ideas,outdoor fire pit seating designs plans ideas wonderful around,outdoor fire pit seating dimensions backyard area ideas diy hot designs for your yard,outdoor seating around fire pit bedroom engaging 9 areas new with ideas diy,outdoor fire pit seating plans patio set magical ideas area designs around,outdoor fire pit seating designs ideas magical area backyard,outdoor fire pit seating ideas for pits around cheap gas table in ground,fire pit seating area fireplace design ideas outdoor around diy plans,outdoor fire pit seating plans backyard area ideas.
A lovely bouquet to soothe and comfort, a variety of white and peach blossoms sends your hope and strength. Beautifully.
Packing is coming along nicely. It's a good thing I saved all those Fresh Direct boxes! I need some bigger boxes for the kitchen though. Vera is constantly concerned I'm shipping whatever I'm packing at the moment, and it will be gone for good. There's been much reassurance.
House hunting hasn't been going as well. No one has been returning my emails and when I do get a live person on the phone, they want me to see the place in person and then pick up an application or whatever. I was thinking of going down to MD to view houses, but the more I think about dragging the girls down, the more I think Scott should go down for the weekend instead. (Hint, hint) Maybe he'll take Abby. Anyways, there's a few places I hope will work out.
Halloween was low key. Abby was Katara and Vera was a girl airbender avatar from Avatar, The Last Airbender the animated series. Super easy costumes and the girls had fun making them this morning and playing in them all night. Abby had the brillant idea of using a blue silk to use as water to 'bend'. Katara always has a small bag of water with her, so Abby put the blue silk in a purse. Vera used a rainbow colored silk as air the 'bend' and kept it in a purse too. Because Abby was terrified of all the scarier masks, the girls didn't do much trick or treating.
We're really moving to DC. For real. It's happening. I'd like to get us out of here by the end of November since Scott has to start work November 30th.
Today went smoothly. Abby got up all on her own and ate breakfast and read comic books until she heard Vera wake up. I have no idea how long she was up before me. The younger ones and I slept until 8:45!
Maybe I'm nuts, but I've noticed something. The girls have been eating pretty much what I eat during the week, which is gluten, dairy, legume free. Abby hasn't changed. Vera on the other hand, seems to be less intense. So last friday we ate at the bagel place down the block. Abby and I had salads, but Vera wanted a grilled cheese sandwich. That afternoon she honestly looked like I had drugged her. She cried and complained and refused to walk. Finally, she past out for a nap in the stroller. That evening it was tantrum after tantrum. Vera also peed her pants that evening. Saturday, she had dumplings for dinner. Sunday morning she wet the bed and was grumpy and her temper was short. I'm going to keep my eye on her. Could gluten have been the cause of her colic?
Vera asked if her birthday was near. When I said it's getting closer, she told me she wanted a bottle of honey for her birthday. :)
Abby had her spelling pretest today. She spelled 'hot' 'hat'. Pit was pto. Hook was the only one that resembled the actual word, hck. There's only six words. The others she didn't really try, but she kept spelling the words like this: first letter, last letter, then middle letter.
Scott is going down to DC next week to see the property and meet the staff. I'm just a bit nervous to be on my own for multiple nights, preparing dinner is always hard.
Anyways, I hope once we get past next week we can start phase one of moving- deciding how exactly we're going to move and where.
So Penny went a nice stretch of time without any blood, and this week it's back again. Her dr confirmed her poo still has blood with a test. I have to call the gastro dr tomorrow to make her an appointment. I'm sure it's food related. The next food to take out is legumes (soy, beans, and peanuts). Try for a good solid three weeks and see where we are. I had a ton of beans and peanut butter this week. Once I get her to baseline, I'll try adding foods back in. I don't think I'll go back to eating gluten anytime soon. I feel good/clear since I've stopped eating it. I do want to get this figured out before we move.
Supposedly Scott's moving date is November 1st. Now we have to start discussing logistics of the move. It's tough and tight. Anyone have any tips for a super cheap move? I'm assuming the girls and I will stay the month of November to pack and move to MD in December. We'll need a car. We need to find a town/place to live. And everytime I look at the rents in MD, I just get depressed. They are no less than Brooklyn. What the hell?! I really really really do not want to move from one tiny apartment into another tiny apartment. That thought makes me want to cry. I need to search for a nice quiet place where we can have at least a small townhouse with a yard.
So, I did a dairy trial. I had some ice cream. And Penny had blood in her poo. We'll be dairy and gluten free for good. I'm not too sure where to go from here. I guess when Penny's around three years or so, we'll do a trial and see what happens. Weird thing is I'm not craving sweets anymore. Whenever I cut dairy out in the past, I would crave baked sweet things. Since I've been gluten free, I've had no cravings and I've been feeling better in general. Stronger. Clearer. My biggest issue right now, is what to make for lunches...
It feels like Abby's making some progress on the reading issue. There's been small moments where Abby has surprised me by reading something, like a sign or label. We both enjoy those moments. Abby had her eyes examined and they are perfect. No problems. She was terrified of the machines, and kept refusing to sit in the exam chair and crying. I tried compassion, bribes, talking reason. Nothing was calming her down. Finally, I said, Look at me. You WILL sit and do what needs to be done to have your eyes checked. You need to stop crying and finish this. That seemed to shake her out of the anxiety she was feeling. Man! I was not about to call it quits. This was our second attempt already! And this anxiety she feels whenever she feels she has to perform is a new thing. I'm not that good at dealing with it, but I try.
Oh! And since Penny has been gluten free, her pees/poos have decreased in frequency. She's back to just one or two poos a day. She was pooing nearly everytime she peed!
All the school books arrived! Vera is very excited to start her handwriting book. She's been pointing out A's and V's where ever she sees them. A for Abby. V for Vera.
For my rabbit people, I started a tumblr blog about Marge and Halston's bonding. Here. Halston is a real mush ball. :)
I took Abby to the Kumon center near us. She did about three pages of the placement test before she started crying. She said she couldn't read the instructions and she was too embarassed to ask for help. The teacher told Abby at the beginning to please ask if she needed help, so help was there. What Abby did do of the test kind of surprised me. She knew a lot more than she's been letting on. I wish she finished it. It was second grade level. The teacher there wants to start her in Kumon Jr to help boost her self confidence and I agree. I hope we can enroll her, but we have to get a sure answer about this moving situation before I can commit us to it. I think it will really help get her to grade level.
Penny's turning into an older baby every day. Time really does move faster with each kid. The weeks zip past. I force myself to stop and tell myself I have to remember this! The feelings, the sights, the smells. This is my life passing! My girls are growing up right before me! Blink and they are another day older.
Vera's going through another little rough patch. Lots of whining, screaming, bed wetting and accidents. Three and a half is such a hard age. I hope we can all make it through intact.
Here we will discuss about Grid Graph Paper New Grid Paper Template. Have you ever thought to update the invitation card and invitation template under category by using references Grid Graph Paper New Grid Paper Template?. Do you want to start something new, that no other people have? Try the Grid Graph Paper New Grid Paper Template and follow every detail in the picture. Grid Graph Paper New Grid Paper Template has been posted and uploaded by Abccambodia.com who has been selected with varying stages of design that can fit to your dreams. So you need not worry to find references to your party to invitation friends, family and college.Grid Paper Template image Above Labelled as: template discussion, and grid topic, in conjunction with paper discussion, in conjunction with so don't forget to check the main article Grid Paper Template to read the whole story.
Exhibit O-101-DP Author: Recording Industry Association of America Subject: Copyright Royalty Board: Docket 2006-3 Created Date: 1/30/2007 12:05:20 PM.Operating Engineers Local 101 jurisdiction includes fifty-six counties in Western Missouri and the entire state of Kansas. Local 101 Kansas City Missouri.Ground Time-in-Transit Maps provide full color U.S. maps illustrating the number of transit days for delivery via UPS ground services within the 50 states.
§ 1. Slavery is so vile and miserable an estate of man, and so directly opposite to the generous temper and courage of our nation; that it is hardly to be.Visit Visionworks at our 1901 NW Expressway, #101 for an eye exam and to shop for glasses, sunglasses and contact lenses.
Today I chose a complicated scene way out of my comfort zone - trees, roads, buildings, etc. (photograph above) and reduced it to a two-hour oil sketch en plein air.
It was a wee bit stressful but I did it. Sometimes it's good to step outside of the comfort zone and to tackle a subject that one wouldn't normally paint.
I liked the repetition of the windows and pickets - two, two, four, four....and the pavement of course.
As exercise it's worth it. I don't think it's the greatest painting since sliced cheese, yet it taught me a lot.
Midway through my painting did I see a badge on Diane's jacket that she is a recipient of a new heart, an operation she had in 2004. The badge invited questions. What a great idea.
Anyway, I was in the company of at least a dozen portrait painters at Goward House today and I chose to do a profile.
These red chillies have a curl at the top of their stems, so in composing my arrangement I twirled them around until I saw that they made a heart shape. Voila.
The image is clickable should you want to see a bigger picture. As usual your COMMENT is invited (see below).
Drawing with a finger on a tablet is becoming the must-do art thingee these days. Here's my iPad2 rendering with an ArtRage app.﻿
Technology apart, I'm still moving within the bracket (whether in oils, acrylics, w/c or pencil), still striving to nail a personal style, a recognizable signature....
You can click on the image to see a larger picture - it's Nicolle at today's session of the Goward House Portrait Painters -- I chose Conte pencil 'cos these sessions are a wonderful way of experimenting with different media without offending the sitter. I mentioned the deal in an earlier post - you sit and then you get to take home the portrait that you like best.
We never see ourselves in profile, but others do - if the likeness is reasonable our friends and family may just recognise us.
Anyway, our sitter at the Goward House Portrait Painters Group was Maria, our second Maria. (Scroll down to see my first Maria).
I like contre jour 'against the light' lighting even though I was running the risk of her not recognizing herself by me choosing her side view.
The purpose of the group is to stretch and practise - and I found the benefits of these exercises visit upon all my other media - drawing, still life, wildlife (!) and landscapes. Accuracy and interpretation is what I aim for.
The painting time was just over an hour. Click on it to see a larger view. Add a COMMENT which is great feedback, good or not good...
As the seasons turn, the garden waits for us to sit a while. Busy bees need a breeze out in the open - if only for a couple minutes or so. I liked the contrast between the turning leaves and the new Spring grass. Maybe I'll take time to go and sit and ponder over the positive points of life...
A flourish of color at the Cookhouse Theatre on Maui - I think I responded to the old-style building with its corrugated roof and top vent for the Hawaiian heat. Great stuff.
Click on't for a bigger view and your COMMENT (link immediately below) will guide this emerging artist, thanks!
It's TINY - only 6 x 8 inches and it took me 39 minutes to sketch in in oils. Why so quick? Well, there was a chilly little wind a-blowin' at Willows Beach in Victoria BC this morning.
Danish-born Canadian David sat for the group of Goward House Portrait Painters today and charmed us all with his gracious persona...
I bought this bottle from a thrift store for three dollars (empty) because I like the way that light filters through the glass. All I had to do was to add the two brass goblets to complete the composition.
The funky Blue Ford is the third in my series of old cars. I believe it is a 1934 model but you Fordies can put me right....
I learnt to spread my colours so that there are little spots placed here and there, adding I think to the harmony.
As you know by now, you can click on the image to see a bigger picture - also drop me a comment should you have a thought about this piece...see the COMMENT option below.
How to Make a Sliding Knot (single knot) - jewelry making tutorial http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-make-a-sliding-knot-closure/ Learn how to make a single sliding knot as an adjustable closure for handmade knotted bracelets using leather or cord with this free jewelry making video tutorial. Sliding knots are great for friendship bracelets, shambhalla bracelets, macrame bracelets and necklaces! ************************* MATERIALS USED: • CORD: .8mm waxed cord, 3 ply (walnut brown) https://www.etsy.com/listing/118363259/3-yards-walnut-brown-waxed-irish-linen • TINY SILVER BEADS: 2mm sterling silver with 1.2mm hole https://www.etsy.com/listing/118349488/50-sterling-silver-2mm-seamless-round • MORE COLORS OF CORD: http://amzn.to/1pKZ7ZX* more info about supplies + technique: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-make-a-sliding-knot-closure/ ************************************ Check out my online jewelry making workshops at ★ http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com ★ ************************************ ABOUT Jewelry Tutorial HQ: ************************************ Hi, I'm Jess, a professional jewelry designer and instructor specializing in wire jewelry and wire wrapping techniques. I teach jewelry making online with free video tutorials and I share tips and tricks about tools and various jewelry making techniques. ************************************ SUBSCRIBE for more jewelry making tutorials and techniques: http://goo.gl/N2BbP ************************************ MUSIC CREDIT: "Silence Await" by cdk http://ccmixter.org/files/cdk/17432 licensed under CC Attribution (3.0) http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.”
Complete Wire Wrapping for Beginners Course NOW LIVE! Enroll or find out more here: http://bit.ly/1MDfiCa Supply list + more tips for this project: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-make-perfectly-matching-earwires-video/ Learn to make your own earwires with a neat trick that lets you make a pair together so they match perfectly! In this video I'll introduce you to a special pair of pliers that makes the job easier, but also teach you how to use an everyday household object if you're not quite ready to invest in a specialty jewelry making tool for the job. You'll also learn two techniques for smoothing the ends of your lovely handmade earwires! ************************************ TOOLS + MATERIALS: Wubber's large bail making pliers: http://amzn.to/1aLEO8o Wire Rounder Tool: http://amzn.to/1qR2tJn* If you like the pretty briolettes shown at the end, you can purchase them in my etsy store here: https://www.etsy.com/listing/114942893/fire-opal-cubic-zirconia-faceted-drop ************************************ RELATED VIDEOS: How to wire wrap a briolette: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-wire-wrap-a-briolette-jewelry-making/ How to make diamond shaped earwires: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-make-diamond-shaped-earwires-video-tutorial/ ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************ MUSIC CREDIT: "Statia" by Gurdonark (feat. J. Lang) http://ccmixter.org/files/gurdonark/19368 is licensed under a Creative Commons license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.”
DIY T - Shirt Yarn T-shirt yarn, also known as "tarn", is a great eco-friendly product that is perfect for lots of DIY craft projects including rag rugs, scarves, or fun woven bracelets. T-shirt yarn has a nice slightly stretchy quality, and is very easy and inexpensive to make yourself. In this video, I show you how to make t - shirt yarn in a long continuous strip so you can minimize the lumps and knots that come from having to connect to strips together in your projects. http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-make-continuous-t-shirt-yarn/ ::IMPORTANT TIP:: It's best to use a t-shirt that has NO SIDE SEAMS as they are likely to come apart when you stretch out the yarn. ::CORRECTION:: I got about 27 FEET (not yards as I said accidentally) from the brown shirt and about 80 FEET from the XL men's shirt. ********************************************** TOOLS + SUPPLIES: • Rotary cutter: http://amzn.to/2cq1b6n* • Fabric scissors: http://amzn.to/2cTPlG6* ********************************************** RELATED VIDEOS: DIY T-shirt yarn bracelet: http://youtu.be/REaX0oYEIGo T-shirt yarn chain bracelet: http://youtu.be/P0CnobsPGz0 DIY Bracelets (playlist): http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9zJvpy0RzdW7AMdQb4yvpiz Upcycled Jewelry Tutorials (playlist): http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9zTDLNTS524lGZi2IjBStS9 ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************ Enjoy tons more free jewelry tutorials here: https://jewelrytutorialhq.com ********************************************** Music Credit: "Statia" by Gurdonark (feat. J. Lang)http://ccmixter.org/files/gurdonark/19368is licensed under a Creative Commons license: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.”
Jewelry Making Quick Tip - Cord Knotting Double and Triple Knots In this quick tip video I show you how to easily make double and triple knots. This trick is featured in my Knotted Cord Bracelet tutorial video, and I got lots of comments about how useful that was, so I thought I'd share it in its own video. If you're new to cord knotting, you might think all you have to do to make a double knot is to tie one knot right over another one, but it doesn't exactly work that way. If you try it, what you'll get is just two of the same size knots right next to each other, which won't help you if you're trying to make a larger knot to prevent a bead from slipping over. Watch this quick video to see how easy cord knotting double and triple knots is! GOODIES: The cord used in this video is .8mm waxed Irish linen cord: http://etsy.me/VFl2G2 in brown OR http://amzn.to/1q1bb8d* for other colors and sizes ************************************ RELATED VIDEOS: Cord Knotting Tips + Tricks (playlist): ➤http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9ynO7E6QbMu9tax6zpGmiKr Sliding Knot Tutorial: ➤http://youtu.be/t6Qy5WdSq74 Cord Knotting Tip - How to knot against a bead: ➤http://youtu.be/I1fmn_hKQBk Cord Knotting Tip - How to prevent Fraying: ➤http://youtu.be/HaOCrEknb2M Cord Knotting Tip - How to finish waxed cord ends without glue: ➤http://youtu.be/t4TKCoAwGq0 Knotted Cord Bracelet Tutorial: ➤https://youtu.be/tBblN_xufLE DIY Bracelets (playlist): ➤http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9zJvpy0RzdW7AMdQb4yvpiz ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************ *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
How to use a Crimping Tool - Jewelry Making Tutorial In this tutorial I'll show you how to use a crimp tool and crimp covers to finish your beaded jewelry in a professional looking way. For SUPPLY LIST + more info visit: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-use-a-crimping-tool-to-finish-beaded-jewelry-video FIND THIS CRIMPING TOOL HERE: http://amzn.to/13308Bj* NOTES: It's important to know that different size crimp tubes will need different size crimping tools for this process to work correctly - if you're using the wrong sizes it won't work! The Standard Beadalon Crimping Tool is the one I use and it is good for most mid-range sized crimp beads and crimp tubes (Beadalon #1 and #2 Crimp Beads or #2 Crimp Tubes). The Micro Crimping Tool works with the smallest crimp beads (Beadalon #1 Crimp Tubes and size #0 Crimp Beads), and the Mighty Crimper works with the largest crimp beads and tubes (Beadalon #3 Crimp Beads or #3, #4 Crimp Tubes). All size crimping tools can be found here: http://amzn.to/13308Bj* Stringing wire: https://amzn.to/2LkFji3* Crimp tubes here: http://amzn.to/15wYyof* Crimp covers: http://amzn.to/15x1KQt* ************************************ Enjoy tons more free jewelry tutorials here: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************ *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.”
Easy Pillow Box Tutorial - DIY Gift Boxes https://jewelrytutorialhq.com If you're wondering how to make pillow boxes, it's easy! I'll show you step-by-step how I make my own adorable gift boxes for jewelry with only a few basic supplies...It saves my business hundreds of dollars a year, and it's fun, too! It took me about 5 minutes to make one box (the video is sped up in places). Enjoy! For a full MATERIALS LIST and your FREE TEMPLATE visit: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/make-your-own-pillow-boxes-handmade-packaging-tutorial ************************************ TOOLS + SUPPLIES • Cardstock: http://amzn.to/1exOcye* • Embossing Tool: http://amzn.to/1exOqoM* • Double stick Tape: http://amzn.to/1daH1YI* ************************************ Join my FREE online Wire Wrapping Workshop here: ➤ http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/free-wire-wrapping-workshop See all my online jewelry classes here: ➤ http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com ************************************ ABOUT Jewelry Tutorial HQ: ************************************ Hi, I'm Jess, a professional jewelry designer and instructor specializing in wire jewelry and wire wrapping techniques. I teach jewelry making online with free video tutorials and I share tips and tricks about tools and various jewelry making techniques. ************************************ SUBSCRIBE for more jewelry making tutorials and techniques: http://goo.gl/N2BbP *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.”
DIY Beaded Wire Hoop Earrings Jewelry Making Tutorial ★Complete Wire Wrapping for Beginners Course NOW LIVE! Enroll or find out more here: http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com ★ This video shows you how to make these fun swingy double beaded hoop earrings with wire. I'm using size 6/0 czech glass seed beads, but I give you the measurements instead of counting beads so that you can use a different size beads and still get the same results. I also show you a little trick I use to get the same size loops every time :) Enjoy! For a complete list of tools & materials for this project visit: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/diy-beaded-hoop-earrings-tutorialbead-giveaway NOTES: These gorgeous beads were provided by Beachartz, one of JTHQ's lovely sponsors! The giveaway has ended but the beads are still available for purchase: The beads I use in this video are Turquoise and Bone from http://beachartz.etsy.com ************************************ DIY EARWIRES: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/how-to-make-perfectly-matching-earwires-video/ or BUY: http://amzn.to/1g2Bvcz* ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************ *DISCLOSURE: I received beads in exchange for a sponsor mention in this video. All opinions are my own. Additionally, some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support! JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Jewelry Making for Beginners - How to Use Nylon Jaw Chain Nose Pliers - How to Straighten Jewelry Wire ★https://jewelrytutorialhq.com★ A commonly asked question from jewelry making beginners and those who are new to wire wrapping is 'what kind of tools do you recommend?' Aside from the essential tools I cover in another video, these nylon jaw pliers are a valuable addition to any jewelry making toolbox If you plan to do a lot of wire wrapping and wire working, a pair of nylon jaw chain nose pliers is a must! In this video I'll show you several ways to use nylon jaw pliers. You can get a pair of these pliers here: http://amzn.to/1GvCT8K* See how to change out the tips of your nylon jaw pliers here: ➤https://youtu.be/5cWjyVxKg8s ************************************ NEW TO WIRE WRAPPING? NEED HELP? Join my FREE online Wire Wrapping Workshop here: ★http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/free-wire-wrapping-workshop ★ or see all my online jewelry making classes here: ★ http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com ★ ************************************ ABOUT Jewelry Tutorial HQ: ************************************ Hi, I'm Jess, a professional jewelry designer and instructor specializing in wire jewelry and wire wrapping techniques. I teach jewelry making online with free video tutorials and I share tips and tricks about tools and various jewelry making techniques. ************************************ SUBSCRIBE for more jewelry making tutorials and techniques: http://goo.gl/N2BbP **************************** *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Wire Wrapping for Beginners - All About Jewelry Wire Visit ★ http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com ★ for more information and a FREE TRIAL of my new online course, Wire Wrapping for Beginners! SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIALS mentioned in the video can all be found here: ➤http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/all-about-jewelry-wire One of the most commonly asked questions I get from students and subscribers is, "What kind of jewelry wire should I use for wire wrapping?" If you're new to making wire wrapped jewelry, the choices out there can be overwhelming - there are SO many different types of jewelry wire that you can buy, and without knowing what many of the options mean, it's very easy to buy the wrong thing. This video will help you understand the type of wire you need! We are going to cover: - jewelry wire gauge sizes - jewelry wire materials - jewelry wire temper (wire hardness) - jewelry wire shape If you've tried wire wrapping before but the wire doesn't seem to be doing what you want it to, this video is for you! Using the wrong type of wire can certainly cause a lot of frustrations, and might be the problem if you're having an issue with any of these: - wire is too soft, won't hold its shape, finished pieces get squashed and misshapen easily - wire is very stiff, difficult to form into the shapes you want - wire breaks easily Don't forget to check out my Wire Wrapping for Beginners course if you're interested in learning wire wrapping with me! http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/courses RELATED VIDEOS: Wire Wrapping for Beginners - Jewelry Tools: ➤https://youtu.be/gvryTKVJCDw Wire Jewelry Tutorials + Techniques: ➤https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9z2Tm80SmQmhqRCkeVv9eGi Jewelry Making Techniques (Basics): ➤https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9zNrWp28GxUui5PDvmqfBzj ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************
Visit http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com for more information about my online jewelry making class, Wire Wrapping for Beginners! ••• Wire Wrapping for Beginners: Jewelry Making Tools ••• The most common question I get from readers and viewers is, "what kind of jewelry making tools do I need if I want to get started making wire wrapped jewelry?" Well, if you're just starting out at wire wrapping, you really only need 3 tools. In this video, I go over those 3 very important tools and show you what to look for when you're choosing your pliers and cutters! These three essential jewelry making tools are: chain nose pliers, round nose pliers, and flush cutters. Watch the video for more details! There are many levels of jewelry tools. For beginners I recommend you start with something inexpensive and work your way up when you find your tools are wearing out quickly or they are too uncomfortable to use for a long period at a time. The more expensive ones tend to last longer and be more ergonomic, but if you're not using them a lot it may not be worth it to you to splurge. Here are several options of jewelry making tools for you at various price points: ECONOMY TOOLS: Chain nose pliers: http://amzn.to/19hUwdo* Round nose pliers: http://amzn.to/1MzoO7w* Flush cutters: http://amzn.to/1Cem2oB* HIGH QUALITY TOOLS: Chain nose pliers: http://amzn.to/18kUIHt* Round nose pliers: http://amzn.to/1DhzR5I* Flush cutters: http://amzn.to/1EIIExN * PREMIUM TOOLS: Chain nose pliers: http://amzn.to/1Celr6f* Round nose pliers: http://amzn.to/1Mzpvhd* Flush cutters: http://amzn.to/1BCFHMJ* ************************************ RELATED VIDEOS: All About Jewelry Wire: ➤https://youtu.be/5P8MB5DWxa4 Wire Jewelry Making Tutorials: ➤https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9z2Tm80SmQmhqRCkeVv9eGi Jewelry Making Techniques (Basics): ➤https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9zNrWp28GxUui5PDvmqfBzj ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************ *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
How to Salvage Leather from an Old Purse to use for Making Jewelry http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/cut-old-purse-make-leather-for-jewelry If you like crafting or making jewelry with leather, you don't necessarily have to buy the leather for every project - you can 'make' your own leather by cutting up something you might already have at home! You can probably find an outdated old purse or two hiding in your closet, or even salvage leather from old jackets, skirts, pants, etc. These things are usually pretty easy to find at a thrift store too :) In this video, I show you how I cut up an old outdated handbag to save the leather. The leather reclaimed from this old purse is going to be used for making bracelets and some other fun projects that I'll show you in another video. Visit http://jewelrytutorialhq.com/ for more free tutorials, tips, tricks, and jewelry making resources! TOOLS & SUPPLIES: ************************** - leather bag to cut up - craft knife with a new sharp blade: http://amzn.to/1wJkevm* AND/OR a seam ripper: http://amzn.to/1jKovhF* - safe surface for cutting on RELATED VIDEOS: ************************ Magic Braid Leather Bracelet Tutorial: ➤http://youtu.be/WuMe61F4FG8 DIY braided leather tassel bracelet: ➤http://youtu.be/0_Q5PnyHjpk Leather Tassel Earrings Tutorial: ➤http://youtu.be/-JfnSe7r2I8 Upcycled / Recycled Jewelry Making Tutorials (playlist): ➤http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5PiAoCSms9zTDLNTS524lGZi2IjBStS9 ************************************ SUBSCRIBE: http://goo.gl/N2BbP WEBSITE: http://jewelrytutorialhq.com PINTEREST: http://pinterest.com/jewelrytutorial FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/jewelrytutorialhq ************************************ *DISCLOSURE: some product links are affiliate links meaning I may earn a small commission if you make a purchase (at NO extra cost to you). These earnings go toward purchasing my own supplies for the projects I share on this channel. Thanks so much for your continued support!* JewelryTutorialHQ is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Jewelry Making: Wire Wrapping for Beginners Join this online workshop today or try a FREE TRIAL: ➤ http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com/courses/wire-wrapping-for-beginners Create and Wear With Confidence! Whether you're an absolute beginner or have dabbled in a bit of jewelry making before, this course will teach you from start to finish to create the jewelry that you and your friends will be dying to wear! Wire Wrapping for Beginners is an in-depth course taught by a professional jewelry designer. It's a complete guide to making wire wrapped jewelry for beginners and for anyone who wants to brush up on and perfect their wire wrapping technique. Find out more and enroll at ➤ http://academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com/courses/wire-wrapping-for-beginners **************************************** HERE'S WHAT STUDENTS ARE SAYING: "★★★★★ Great course for jewelry making beginners! I feel this course was the perfect start to my new jewelry-making hobby (and hopefully future small business). The instructor created the course with a logical scope and sequence. Even a beginner can experience success. Her videos are just the right length, she speaks clearly, and she encourages her students. Best of all, while you work through the course, you are creating jewelry you can wear right away." ~ Lisa P. "★★★★★ Thank you Thank you!!! I have wanted to learn how to do wire work for some time. Even after taking a beginners class at my local bead shop and following Utube videos I struggled and gave up. When I found Jessica's course I decided to give it one more try. Right from the beginning, everything was very well explained and being able to see the work so close was exactly what I wanted. Thank you Jessica. I'm having so much fun now! I'll be ready for more real soon." ~ Jeani D. "★★★★★ Loved it! As a total beginner I was afraid that wire wrapping would be too hard, but this course makes it so easy! Some of the projects seem pretty advanced but if you start at the beginning and go through the steps they will make sense when you get there. Jessica is a great teacher! I can't believe I can make my own jewelry. I'm so excited!" ~ Margaret S. **************************************** Enroll now or find out more at https://www.academy.jewelrytutorialhq.com Join a thriving community of over 1000 happy students learning wire wrapping with me today! *
resume example server objective examples good for writing sample from resume objectives samples, image source: pinterest.com
10 what to write on resume objective from resume objectives samples, image source: agendaexample.com
spanking story walter homework julia nursing thesis topics from resume objectives samples, image source: allstartoday.com
sample research paper turabian format resume kofax india who can from resume objectives samples, image source: allstartoday.com
sample resume of a business analyst active words to use in resume from resume objectives samples, image source: allstartoday.com
Tags: good resume objectives samples resume objective sample first job resume objective sample for housekeeping resume objective sample hrm resume objective sample in general resume objective sample project manager resume objective samples entry level resume objective samples for any job resume objective samples for freshers resume objective samples management resume objectives examples for college students resume objectives examples for healthcare resume objectives sample for call center agent resume objectives sample for freshers resume objectives sample for hrm resume objectives sample for it resume objectives sample for service crew resume objectives samples customer service resume samples of objectives resume samples with objectives
cemex resume sales professional customer service representative from sales resume sample, image source: gvqgallery.com
Useful Job Application Resume Model with Resumes Model Cv for from basic sample resume, image source: sidemcicek.com
the partys over heinberg essay sample teacher resume with no from sample cna resume, image source: allstartoday.com
Apologies for the slowness of uploads, I've been both stuck for content, and generally just being a lazy prick. Wanted to change things up again, this time admiring the wonders that are Steam User Reviews. ----------------------------------------------- First up: - Alan Wake - Skullgirls - TES V: Skyrim - Petz Catz 2 - Bad Rats - The Sims 3 ----------------------------------------------- Intro Music is by the wonderful Ninja Sex Party [Accept My Shaft] Everything else belongs to its respective game.
This mod creates a new follower based off of Astrid from the Dark Brotherhood. Maggie is equipped with 2 of Astrid's Blade of Woe daggers, and a Daedric Bow. She levels with the player and is skilled in Sneak, One Handed, and Light Armor. She is part of the Dark Brotherhood faction, so she will follow the player into the Dark Brotherhood. She is also eligible for Marriage. She can be found in the Bannered Mare in Whiterun.
Vlog of my unsuccessful attempt to install Skyrim Special Edition on my PC... There's also a little tour of my 'man cave' too. So yeah, enjoy that. Share, like and subscribe if you enjoy it!
As per request I played a little bit of skyrim heh, idk maybe ill make a point to do random bits of games that people want. They wont have any order though and not a quicklook or playthrough.
Here is the 4th video of the yuriana epic wench mod for skyrim on the xbox. Ported by my favorite modder Morrigan! Today is the 4th part of the the unknown wench quest Remember this mod is not available, but will be uploaded again. Original mod from Nexus is down below Credit to the original modder Created by Kozuke Hajime Uploaded by lordkoz https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods... Please hit that like button! Its a huge help!! Comment Like Subscribe! Intro Music https://youtu.be/4CrZRdMLvQs intro=1:05 Discord: https://discord.gg/yHDRB9c
these are some great skyrim enhancement mods that really improve the look of the game all these mod are available on steam
This product uses the FRED® API but is not endorsed or certified by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
Rare investment opportunity on 1.93 acres in the heart of Biltmore Village in Asheville! On the National Historic Register, this 11-unit luxury condo complex was converted from the historic Biltmore Hospital in 2005. Offered are the 8 remaining fully furnished 2 bedroom condo units zoned to allow short term vacation rental, a 30 space off-street parking lot, and a development pad where owner was permitted for an additional 15,448SF building (see PIN#9647-79-0174-R0001). Elevator.
© 2018 by the North Carolina Multiple Listing Service. This information is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Subject to verification by all parties. This data is copyrighted and may not be transmitted, retransmitted, copied, framed, repurposed, or altered in any way for any other site, individual and/or purpose without the express written permission of the North Carolina Multiple Listing Service. Information Deemed Reliable But Not Guaranteed. Any use of search facilities of data on this site, other than a consumer looking to purchase real estate, is prohibited.
Ashfield Estates ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.ashfieldestates.co.uk website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.ashfieldestates.co.uk
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service - these cookies are essential to enable use of the Website, they manage session information and enable users to navigate through the Website.
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Ashfield Estates will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Ashfield Estates will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Ashfield Estates will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Under certain circumstances, Ashfield Estates may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Ashfield Estates may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Ashfield Estates aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Ashfield Estates. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If you wish to stop receiving communications from us, you can update your preferences by clicking here.
Things are getting Brave around here, as the girls and I get ready to change our fate, this summer! While…
Thanks to Disney Family, once again, some great ideas to feed your party guests… I’m thinking that Haggis isn’t what…
I don’t do out of the box parties. I think everyone knows that by now. So, I’ve been thinking. Here’s…
ASHMAND has succeeded in establishing itself as a reliable business partner to international companies since its foundation in 1989. Combining the very latest in technological innovations , Ashmand acts as an agent, business consultant and marketing advisor for multinational companies. Ashmand supplies high quality products according to the international technical specifications.
Since its establishment in 1989, ASHMAND has progressed in becoming one of the leading companies in Egypt in supplying Telecommunication and Power solutions, Printing Solutions and Security Products.
ASHMAND has been able to gain the trust and satisfaction of its clients. It has the history and experience to understand customer needs and provide high tech, value-added, quality products and solutions.
ASHMAND has succeeded in establishing itself as a reliable business partner to international companies since its foundation in 1989.
The 1950 Gang Show was produced by Dennis Hill and was performed 17-18 February at the Victoria Hall.
There are other photos in the History Room, including Opening chorus, Ten little wolf cubs, The Colonel takes a bath, Song Time, Our Hula-Hula girls on Cannibal Island, Dennis Hill "The man from the Prudential", Rovers in Drake is going west, Rovers "Songtime", Speakers Corner and Indian dreams, Grand Finale.
Our long lasting relationship with Lee Aerospace has stretched over 20 years. In that time, we’ve designed 5 separate buildings to develop a campus for their continued growth. Each project fits a campus theme in line with their values and mission.
In total, 154,000 square feet of office and manufacturing space has been developed for their needs. Manufacturing buildings include space for aircraft subassembly, clean and layup rooms as well as autoclave functions.
Get 20GB FREE and enjoy greater convenience with Dialog Prepaid 4G Home Broadband from Sri Lanka’s # 1 and Fastest Network ~ Dailymail.lk
Get 20GB FREE and enjoy greater convenience with Dialog Prepaid 4G Home Broadband from Sri Lanka’s # 1 and Fastest Network
Hosting panels and workshops on a dozen cosplay-related subjects including costume craftsmanship (multiple levels), cosplay performance, makeup/posing/photography, international cosplay, sociology of cosplay, the evolution of cosplay and many more
Hosting (MCing) main programming events such as costume contests, Fashion Shows, Idol contests, Opening Ceremonies, Charity Auctions and more.
If you would like to invite Yaya to make a guest appearance at your convention, please fill out the booking form with as much detail about your event as possible and any offers or proposals. Thank you.
Now booking engagements for 2018. Events will be added as they are confirmed, please check back soon!
If you run a convention or festival and would like to invite Yaya to appear as a Guest/Judge/Speaker/Panelist/Performer at your event, please visit the Booking page.
The 2018 midterms are coming, and while the initial Senate map might not look great for Democrats, the House is a different story, says Roll Call’s Elections Analyst Nathan L. Gonzales. Find out what his initial race ratings are for 2018 House races and what history could tell us about potential outcomes for the balance of the chamber.
Roskam gives a tour of his office in the Cannon House Office Building on Oct. 23, 2009. (CQ Roll Call File Photo)
Rep. Peter Roskam gave a tour of his congressional office in 2009 for Roll Call’s “Office Space” series, which returns this fall.
The Illinois Republican’s office in the Cannon House Office Building initially had “a large blank wall,” reporter Ali McSherry wrote in the original story. The space was later filled by a “large oil painting created by his wife, Elizabeth … [that] took a year to create.”
CraftKitsandSupplies carries over 100 different styles of charms and pendants, ideal for beaded bracelets, beaded necklaces, beaded keychains, and other craft projects. We have charms and pendants such as, cross charms, cross pendants, glass charms, glass pendants, sterling silver charms, sterling silver pendants and many more other charms and pendants. Charms and Pendants are great for all types of events and craft projects, such as, birthdays, christmas, and school projects.
Use the form below to request a quotation for factory-new spare parts. Our normal response time is 48 hours. For military products please see Military Quotes. *Required entries
Through the generous donations of sponsors, the collision Repair association is able to promote training and professional standards in the collision repair industry in Nova Scotia.
July 30, 2014 No Comments Food, Hotels and Restaurants, More, Recipes, Uncategorized Antara Chakraborty
When you want a sumptuous breakfast, that too under 150 bucks, where do you go? You go to Blue Sky Café. With burgers and grilled sandwiches priced in the range of 55 to 100, and mouth watering omelets, and yummy milkshakes with just the right amount of sugar – there seriously ain’t much to think about, is there? I breakfasted there on 10th of this month; had a Mushroom Chicken
The post informs about “4 Efficient methods to meditate” and is drafted after discussing all the Pros and Cons in the post before of why there is a need for meditation? For all the people down for it do need to know proper techniques and different types of meditation. As mentioned in the earlier post regarding meditation, it is not a onetime cure. It should be a lifelong habit. So
Tomatoes are known as red fruits or berries , but are mostly used as vegetables There are different species of tomatoes available depending upon the region to region and climate conditions. Tomatoes are native to Mexico. Like Bangalore tomatoes, cherry tomatoes which is available in different colors but almost all tomatoes are available in pure red color. Cherry tomatoes are the different variety of tomato which grows in very small size and red in color similar to cherries just like cherries so it is called as cherry tomatoes. Cherry tomatoes are originated from north Chile . These cherry tomatoes are cultivated since early 1800s. These cherry tomatoes are used mainly in salads , Mexican ans Spanish recipes, pizzas, and pastas. It can also be eaten raw or just boiled and roasted with salt and pepper. Tomatoes are rich in Lycopene, an antioxidant which is helpful in protecting cells in body and prevents skin cancer caused by UV-Rays. Eating tomatoes can keep you away from breast cancer and other cancer related diseases. Eating tomatoes can reduce sugar levels in blood and reduces fat Tomatoes contains carotene which improves blood serum level and also maintains good eye vision keeping away age related eye muscular diseases. Tomato contains 21% Vitamin C. The tomato recipes that you could preparely easily are: Tomato soup: Ingredients: Tomatoes Salt to taste Ginger and garlic Pepper Butter cream Preparation method: Boil tomatoes along with ginger and add salt .and boil it still it is completely cooked. Now grind the tomatoes with ginger garlic paste until the ingredients are completely smashed smoothly Now take the mixture in the bowl add some butter cream with pepper powder sprinkled on it You can also use coriander to sprinkle on the soup which tastes good So hot soup is ready to be served . Tomato Raita: Ingredients Red Tomatoes Finely chopped green chilies Finely chopped onions Coriander leaves Thick curd Cumin powder Pepper powder Salt
Have you heard about Nutella Chocolate? Freaky Question. I Know! Nutella, the hazelnut chocolate spread, is deliciously, awesomely, supertasty, lovely, chocolaty, creamy, fancy, uber, yum, nutty thing. You just need a spoon and there you go. Eat it and keep eating it and spreading it on breads, cookies or cakes or on anything you want. And the fascinating thing, you know 5 February,2014 is celebrated as Nutella Day. Nutella lovers
Gol gappe belong to the Indian family of street food which is found in almost every corner of a city. Gol gappe, which is the plural of gol gappa, are fried, hollow puris that are stuffed with boiled chick peas and potatoes and toppeed with some tamarind chutney and filled with flavoured water that has generous concentration of mint and some spices. Gol gappe are best had at a roadside
Who wants to get old? The answer is no one. Although in reality aging is unavoidable. But we can certainly lower down the rate of ageing. With age our body performs less efficiently and we become vulnerable to age associated ailments. But aging with elegance is in our hands. The manner in which we lead our lives control our aging. The damaging results of aging can be reduced by the
Creeping back to the yonder days, when sneaking into the corner grocery store to buy a packet of Hajmola with the newly earned 1rupee coin, for having done the job of fetching the milk packets and the newspaper from the main gate, was an achievement, I realize how inclined my determination was to get only the ‘Imli’ flavoured Hajmola packet out of the huge jar, usually crowed with all the
Since my affection for Lebanese cuisine transformed into an obsession, and I started to empty my pockets at every other Lebanese joint in the city, which though made me popular and loved among their owners, but my savings began to race to the descending point. I was worried, and about to become penniless, but my obsession was experiencing its ascending waves and ridges, that didn’t seem to end. And, so
Be it peanut butter or an almond fudge; hazelnuts coated in chocolate or a Choco-walnut cookie; nuts often form the heart of many dishes be it savory or a dessert. Though the botanical definition of a nut has a vivid criteria for categorization, yet in culinary terms, a nut is any large, oily kernel found within a shell and used in food. Nuts are rich in a variety of nutrients.
Diwali is celebrated by Indians all over the world with great happiness.This is the reason it is most popular and is also most likely festival in the country as well as abroad.Diwali is also known as festival of lights.Diwali is different from other festivals it doesn’t comes with one day celebrations, it brings a series of holidays along with it.On the day of Diwali goddess Lakshmi is worshiped with most
Another method for sharing a bit over Zp and GF256. Like ComparisonToft05Mixin.convert_bit_share, this protocol is only passively secure, but unlike that method this protocol uses only two Shamir sharings, and two openings. The other method does O(n) xor's with Zp values which is more expensive.
PDF-a7e8f | In the tradition of educational narrative inquiry, this book explores diverse ways of thinking, writing and theorizing from auto/biographic experience, in language that is rooted in practice yet challenges the authoritative discourses of educational policy, theory and research. The book moves from first to third person accounts and from personal and family stories to narratives of teachers and tea… Auto/biography & Pedagogy: Memory & Presence in Teaching (Complicated Conversation)
Auto/biography & Pedagogy: Memory & Presence in Teaching (Complicated Conversation) by by Freema Elbaz-Luwisch
This Auto/biography & Pedagogy: Memory & Presence in Teaching (Complicated Conversation) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Auto/biography & Pedagogy: Memory & Presence in Teaching (Complicated Conversation) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Auto/biography & Pedagogy: Memory & Presence in Teaching (Complicated Conversation) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Auto/biography & Pedagogy: Memory & Presence in Teaching (Complicated Conversation) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Drazen Petrovic: The name is always mentioned in any discussion of all-time greatest European player, his effect inestimable, his ultimate greatness unknowable. BallinEurope has waxed poetic on the Basketball Mozart innumerable times already, but must say that lost in the general hoopla of the Dream Team in 1992 was the fact that one of the […]
For those not necessarily in the know about European basketball, the announcement of Anthony Parker’s retirement from professional hoops today may not have exactly made most sit up and take notice – just another Cleveland Cavalier gone, right? Except that Parker’s six-year European CV is loaded with team accomplishments and individual accolades, bringing Maccabi Tel […]
Congratulations go out from BallinEurope to Beşiktaş Milangaz, who capped a fascinating whirlwind run last night with an 80-76 victory over Anadolu Efes in game six of the TBL championship series. The Black Eagles may add the trophy to their Turkish Cup and FIBA Eurochallenge title in 2011-12, certainly the most successful – and among […]
Once again on June 7, BallinEurope takes a look back at one of the all-time greats, without whom the game of basketball would not be the same: Dražen Petrović. The man is still missed. An entire generation has entered basketball since his untimely passing and while ever-growing numbers of NBA and European stars who have […]
And this week … the Euroleague Final Four! To get things started, BallinEurope presents a roundup of highlight clips from the seasons-that-were of CSKA Moscow, FC Barcelona, Panathinaikos and Olympiacos. (Wow, BiE wonders every time upon looking at that list just how the big league could have ended up with a more scintillating Final Four: […]
It’s time for another BallinEurope shameless plug. Contributing writer David Hein has produced yet another great writeup over at the German Bundesliga’s official website. Check out a column chock full of videos and recaps, including the now semi-obligatory update on Team Zimbabwe/BG Göttingen’s Vitalis Chikoko. BiE can’t help but spill the beans on one scintillating […]
Regular readers of BallinEurope may recall a similarly entitled writeup on Montepaschi Siena on these pages from a long time ago – actually two weeks, but already it *feels* like quite a spell. Contributing writer Enrico Cellini was as surprised as any of us when Olympiacos began Siena’s ejection from the tournament, Facebook-messaging BiE with […]
At the halfway point of the crazy fast 2011-12 NBA season, BallinEurope flexes the university professor muscles a little bit this morning with midterm assessments of individual performance by the big league’s Continental Players. We’ll be using the European grading system, with 5 being the top score possible and 1 the lowest; the Americans may […]
What’s up with the bizarre mix of politics and basketball going on in Europe? While Barack Obama butters up Italia with references to Danilo Gallinari and Marco Bellinelli, New Jersey Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov is stumping in Russia on an apparently futile bid for the presidency there. And now … well, let’s just say Lithuania […]
At first, the headline is one hell of a stopper: Basketball writer Chris Sheridan tops his latest piece with “Prokhorov to sell Nets, donate fortune.” No, wait, it continues. “…if elected president of Russia.” Ah, well, then. At present, Prokhorov is in Russia in an effort to win votes for his liberal, pro-business Right Cause […]
Ever since the Los Angeles Lakers’ dreary loss to the Orlando Magic last Friday and straight through to yesterday’s brickfest in a loss to the Indiana Pacers, this fan’s thoughts are turning to – OK, now nearly obsessed with – making a trade to shake things up. First and foremost, BallinEurope feels for Pau Gasol. […]
Right, now we’re into it! BallinEurope was naturally pleased to see his dark horse elite-eight candidate Unics Kazan defend home court against Fenerbahçe Ülker on opening night of the 2011-12 Euroleague Top 16 round, 76-71 – though it sure wasn’t easy for Unics after they generously spotted the Turkish side a 17-point lead at halftime. […]
BallinEurope.com was founded in September 2007 by Christophe Ney (who now runs the excellent scouting-themed website European Prospects) and Tobias Seitz, both then bloggers for FIBA.com with over 10 years’ worth of experience in the professional basketball world each. The mission then was to “provide a very unique perspective of Basketball in and about Europe.”
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007
Currently five players have declared for the draft class including cornerbacks, Adonis Alexander of Virginia Tech and Sam Beal of Western Michigan, LB Bright Ugwoebuh of Oregon St., safety Brandon Bryant of Mississippi St and RB Marty Carter of Grand Valley St. Alexander held a pro day on June 20th, while Beal worked out on June 28th and Bryant the following day, June 29th. NFL supplemental drafts often pass without any players being chosen, but Beal, Alexander and Bryant figure to be attractive options for NFL clubs with needs in the secondary.
Sam Beal is our highest rated prospect in this class and a player who could be selected with a second day selection either a 2nd or 3rd round draft choice. He had a good pro day workout. If a player is selected in the supplemental draft, the team must forfeit a draft pick of the same round the player was picked in the NFL Draft 2019. Since 2012, only two players have been picked in the supplemental draft. The Browns took receiver Josh Gordon in 2012 in the 2nd round while the Rams took Isaiah Battle in 2015 in the fifth round. Only 43 players in total have been taken in the supplemental draft since its inception in 1977.
The NFL will conduct the Supplemental Draft 2018 on Wednesday, July 11th for players who rescind their remaining college eligibility. This draft has been a short process annually that considers special situations for players that are at least three years removed from high school. All 32 teams will participate in the weighted process that is divided into three tiers with seven prospects entered for this year’s selection draft. Teams with six wins or less from last season will make up the first group, followed by a second group of non-playoff teams and finally a third group of the twelve playoff teams. Each team submits the name of the players via email that they want to draft with the round they would like to select them. The club with the highest selection will be awarded the player. In the case of two teams drafting the same player in a round, the club with the worse record last season will win the prospect. Players not selected in this draft class will then become free agents eligible to sign with any team.
Any team that uses a selection in the Supplemental Draft will forfeit their choice in the corresponding round of the NFL Draft 2019. The new draft prospects will be considered part of the rookie salary pool along with the players from the NFL Draft 2018 and they must fit under the current contract structure and overall salary cap. There was no player chosen again last July. The Rams used their 5th round pick on OT Isaiah Battle in the 2015 NFL
Supplemental Draft, the last player chosen in this process. No players were drafted the previous past two summers. In 2013, the Browns used their 2nd round pick on wideout Josh Gordon, the only selection chosen in the process. He was a Pro Bowl receiver who set new NFL records a few years ago. But he has also been suspended annually for failing drug and alcohol tests and is currently coming off a suspended period. Browns did not bring back for 2017 season, but has reinstated him this spring and he has been in mini-camp this spring and will attend training camp this August.
Most prospects in a Supplemental class provide little initial impact because of the late signing that caused them to miss all of the OTAs and mini-camp practices. The NFL office has considered terminating this draft process after only minimal interest by clubs. Bids are weighted according to how a team performed the previous season. There are three groups of bid weights, with record determining ranking within each. The first group consists of teams that had six or fewer wins the previous season. The second group is made up of non-playoff teams that had more than six wins. The third group is made up of the 12 playoff teams from the previous year.
These players are eligible for the NFL Supplemental Draft after not declaring for entry in the NFL Draft 2018. The NFL has confirmed that these five players will be available in today’s summer NFL Supplemental Draft 2018.
Big agile savvy corner started his final two seasons, earning MAC honors in 2017. Slender athlete with the prototypical skills which translates well to the corner position. Quick feet with fine short area suddenness and good long speed. Fine natural coverage ability with the athleticism to ultimately compete for a corner role in the NFL. Slight frame and lack of ideal physicality are legitimate concerns. Aided by quick feet, athletic instincts and the ball-skills to mirror receivers and grade out highly on a game to game basis. Limited experience vs NFL caliber receivers, though shows natural playmaking skills and made fast progress with experience anticipating routes and making plays on the ball. Can mirror tightly in man coverage underneath. Shows fine patience and confidence and keeps balanced and under control in coverage. He was rarely beaten deep with good speed and leaping skills to win in matchups. Displays nifty footwork and above-average twitch to plant and drive out of his backpedal. Inconsistent at reading the QB to anticipate when to jump routes. Displays good recovery speed when he reads routes properly. He can bite on play-action and fooled by double moves. Instincts are improving, though faced a simple level of play. Inconsistent tackling whether at the line or in the open field. Lacks top makeup speed and can be slow to turn and find the ball. Needs improvement on tracking and adjusting to deep passes. Overall, he is a very alert, confident and instinctive corner who is usually sound at jumping routes. Good press coverage ability to gain an early advantage. As a junior in 2017, he started 11 games and made 26 tackles with 3 TFL, 10 PBU and 2 picks for 2nd team MAC honors. As a sophomore, he started 13 games with 55 tackles with 8 PBU, and no picks. At his pro day at WMU, he came in at 6’1” and 178 lbs. with 32+” arms. He had a 4.47 time. He did a 37” VJ and a 10’6” BJ. Added a 4.09 in the shuttle with a 7.11 three-cone. Definite upside potential with work on his basics. Currently, he lacks the functional strength to test NFL caliber receivers. Shows a good closing burst that he uses well and should win a roster spot as a #4 or #5 in camp. Top 75 prospect after his strong final two seasons. Quality prospect probably fits in the 2nd day. Displayed quality starting talent. With a late start in rookie season he will most likely initially be only a backup corner with the skill set to continue to improve. With experience he will press for nickel corner role and eventually start once he settles into a system. Needs to be more physical to make it at the next level and earn playing time. Fine addition especially if he falls into middle rounds.
January 11, 2018 info@draftinsiders.com College Football Mondays Comments Off on #3 Georgia (13-1) vs #4 Alabama (13-1) – CFP National Championship
#3 Georgia (13-1) vs #4 Alabama (13-1) CFP National Championship Mercedes-Benz Stadium – Atlanta, Ga 8 pm – ESPN The CFP national championship game tonight in Atlanta will feature two SEC teams, Alabama [read more…]
NFL Power Poll – Week 16 NFL Power Poll – Patriots & Vikings Clinch Divisional Titles Team of the Week – Rams Players of the Week Offense – RB Todd Gurley – Rams [read more…]
Daurice Fountain Receiver of Northern Iowa Heads Gems at East-West Shrine Week Practices Daurice Fountain #10 – 6015, 210 lbs. – Northern Iowa Athletic senior has been one of the hidden gems from [read more…]
Frank Coyle is a nationally known football scout who publishes Draft Insiders’ Digest. In its 28th season, DraftInsiders.com is a website and publication dedicated to the coverage of NFL and NCAA Football.
The Magnus Archives are the audio recordings of various testimonies given to a paranormal research institute, featuring all sorts of random spookiness that slowly weaves together into an overarching narrative. The Black Tapes are that, if you like your narrators to be incompetent idiots who can’t do basic research and your paranormal to stick slavishly to the supposedly plausible pseudoscience of people who think ghosts are real and also boring as fuck. (more…)
EnviTheFool on Umineko – Banquet of the Golden Witch – 9:00 PMGranted, she’s off to a good start, but only because she’s standing on the shoulders of the grandmaster himself.
St. Elmo's Fire on Pokeauthors: The Masqued AvengerThe thing is, you're getting a biased sample because I don't repost conversations with non-trolls. I have gotten several genuine reviews I've responde…
Act on Misc Discussion Post@keltena That’s the point where it starts to read a lot less as a popular form of iddy wish fulfillment and a lot more as a reflection of people…
The Reeds of Enki on Misc Discussion PostAh, harems! My least favorite trope, or one of. I agree with the above statements, but another thing that drives me insane is the nigh-omnipresent nat…
The Reeds of Enki on Pokeauthors: The Masqued AvengerHey. Sorry for the late response, didn't intend to suddenly go dark in the middle of a conversation. Life stuff got in the way, still in the way reall…
Keltena on Misc Discussion PostAgreed, and I'd add the other part that makes it a problem is how ubiquitous some of these tropes become. I'm totally fine with people writing and rea…
Act on Misc Discussion PostI think it would feel less gross if it were more egalitarian. As with many things, the problem isn't that it's a thing, the problem is that it's only…
Keleri on Misc Discussion PostAnd then they write stories that are about all the things they collected, be it pokemon or girls or pokemon and girls, and how they made the right cho…
Heatth on Misc Discussion PostI genuinelly dislike the Inuyasha manga in particular. Mostly because I really like it. It has interesting setting, fun characters, a clear story and…
CrazyEd on Misc Discussion PostThe Inuyasha manga isn't half bad. I wouldn't call it great, but it's easily good. But yeah, the "no effort medieval rpg world", especially the ones w…
Farla on Misc Discussion PostWell, there's the speculation that the reason Western gaming is a clusterfuck is because people are miserable, have been miserable for a while, and ar…
Act on Misc Discussion PostThis makes me think about early Harvest Moon games like 64 , where the person you don't marry marries someone else and moves on with their life. It's…
Act on [15] The Other Pokereviews, Part 135The joke is that they're not using the word 'censor' properly.
Marshall Lee on [15] The Other Pokereviews, Part 135Uh… I don’t believe that’s true. I believe since this is a private website, they are allowed to censor what they say. And you…
Farla on Misc Discussion PostI suspect the harem aspect is flowing out of the same thing. Dating sims involve a pile of girls being interested in the protagonist because you can't…
Categories Select Category Books (943) Animorphs (4) Battle Royale (49) Broken Earth (2) Caster Chronicles (31) 1. Beautiful Creatures (31) Chemical Garden Trilogy (81) 1. Wither (31) 2. Fever (30) 3. Sever (20) Darkest Powers Trilogy (54) 1. The Summoning (50) Divergent Trilogy (76) 1. Divergent (22) 2. Insurgent (32) 3. Allegiant (22) Dresden Files (123) 1. Storm Front (34) 2. Fool Moon (31) 3. Grave Peril (38) Exalted (67) 1. Chosen of the Sun (39) 2. Beloved of the Dead (14) 3. Children of the Dragon (14) Fault in Our Stars (29) Gemma Doyle Trilogy (20) 1. A Great and Terrible Beauty (20) Graceling Series (42) 1. Graceling (40) Hunger Games Trilogy (95) 1. The Hunger Games (31) 2. Catching Fire (34) 3. Mockingjay (30) Light Novels (5) Matched Trilogy (37) 1. Matched (35) Midnighters Trilogy (18) 1. The Secret Hour (12) 2. Touching Darkness (6) Southern Reach Trilogy (5) Temeraire (4) The Host (36) The Masquerade (13) Unwind Series (80) 1. Unwind (42) 2. UnWholly (38) Witcher Series (5) World War Z (24) Comics (33) Baltimore (5) Magnus: Robot Fighter (9) Webcomics (10) Fanfiction (916) Author Responses (352) Homestuck Author Replies (28) Misc Author Replies (2) Pokemon Author Replies (333) Reviews (571) Homestuck Fanfic (156) Misc Fanfic (7) Pokemon Fanfic (394) Housekeeping (56) Manga (15) Miscellaneous (44) Movies (20) On Writing (26) Recommendations (107) Tabletop RPGs (39) DragonRaid (9) Dresden Files RPG (19) TV Shows (31) Anime (13) Pretty Cure (8) Legend of Korra (8) Uncategorized (7) Video Games (713) Action (4) Adventure (17) Clicker (1) Horror (21) Platformers (12) Precision Platformer (6) Puzzle Platformer (9) Point-and-Click (10) Puzzle (6) Roguelike (4) RPGmaker (49) RPGs (458) Atelier Series (10) Dept Heaven Series (3) Fable Series (2) Final Fantasy (3) Persona Series (1) Pokemon (291) Pokemon Black (20) Pokemon Black 2 (45) Pokemon Blue (46) Pokemon Misc (7) Pokemon Omega Ruby (58) Pokemon Sun and Moon (58) Pokemon X (44) Pokemon Yellow (12) Reconstruction Series (101) 1. The Reconstruction (70) 2. I Miss the Sunrise (30) Telepath Series (3) Undertale (1) Sim (9) Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons (4) Strategy (10) Heroes of Might & Magic (10) Visual Novels (148) Fate / Stay Night (71) Misc Visual Novels (1) When They Cry Series (46) Higurashi (21) Umineko (25) Walking Sims (5) Webfiction (9)
Gordon (Nolan) is a father who meets a similarly disturbed man (Oberst Jr) online. They make some rather heinous plans involving Gordon's young son. Once they meet it becomes clear that there is more about both men than meets the eye. Director Powell uses his short film to ask the question: "They say that anyone who abuses a child is a monster, what if they really were monsters?"
As expected Nolan and Oberst Jr. own the material. It may even be Oberst Jr's creepiest role to date. How he can pour such vileness into a character defies logic. Where he must have to go to conjure up this performance is a place most of us don't want to know exists.
While Nolan and Oberst Jr are awesome, it's Powell's script that sets the template for 13 minutes of brilliance. Often short films are snapshots of ideas that need time to breathe, begging to be stretched out to feature length. Other shorts simply try to pack a feature length worth of ideas into a truncated running time, resulting in poorly formed ideas and confusing narratives. Powell's short defies almost all of the tried and true short film stereotypes. It's clean, concise, and extremely powerful. By presenting a fully formed idea, rather than something that feels like a scene from something larger, Heir feels like a fully realized work. It doesn't feel like there should be more to this story, and frankly we don't need to see more.
Heir is nothing short of a triumph. It should be used a a master course for folks looking to make their first, or fortieth, short film. It looks great it's a compete narrative, and it's executed to perfection by two tremendous actors. You need to check out Heir if you have the chance.
Labels: Bill Oberst Jr, DreadWorld, Fatal Pictures, Heir, reviews, Richard Powell, Robert Nolan, short film, Silent Retreat
This is Richard here, I wanted to thank you for your kind words about Heir. Reviews like these inspire us as a team and reinforce the idea that we have a message that is not only being heard but is being understood and appreciated and that is comforting and motivational thought.
カテゴリを選択 欅坂46 (3908) - ユニット (76) - 選抜・センター (144) - 楽曲 (538) - 握手会 (242) - ブログ (175) - イベント (666) - 画像スレ (104) - グッズ (82) - MV・個人PV・動画・メイキング (241) - CM (66) - レポ・セトリ (27) - 小ネタ (1585) 欅坂46メンバー (3087) - 石森虹花 (55) - 今泉佑唯 (233) - 上村莉菜 (93) - 尾関梨香 (142) - 織田奈那 (161) - 小池美波 (77) - 小林由依 (121) - 齋藤冬優花 (61) - 佐藤詩織 (84) - 志田愛佳 (157) - 菅井友香 (274) - 鈴本美愉 (159) - 長沢菜々香 (140) - 土生瑞穂 (113) - 原田葵 (96) - 平手友梨奈 (401) - 守屋茜 (207) - 米谷奈々未 (88) - 渡辺梨加 (197) - 渡邉理佐 (129) - 長濱ねる (281) 元メンバー (2) - 原田まゆ (2) 欅って、書けない？ (1015) 雑誌 (261) テレビ番組 (527) - KEYABINGO! (186) - ひらがな推し (103) Web (101) - 駆け上るまで待てない！ (61) 運営 (3) 土田・澤部 (19) 雑談 (179) 議論 (48) おもしろネタ (64) 乃木坂46メンバー (45) - 齋藤飛鳥 (1) - 橋本奈々未 (3) - 秋元真夏 (3) - 生田絵梨花 (1) - 堀未央奈 (3) - 新内眞衣 (3) - 高山一実 (2) その他 (2) まとめ坂とは (4) けやき坂46 (613) - 井口眞緒 (46) - 高本彩花 (9) - 齊藤京子 (44) - 柿崎芽実 (23) - 影山優佳 (23) - 潮崎理菜 (3) - 佐々木久美 (11) - 潮紗理菜 (6) - 加藤史帆 (32) - 東村芽依 (7) - 高瀬愛奈 (5) - 佐々木美玲 (7) - 金村美玖 (4) - 河田陽菜 (2) - 小坂菜緒 (28) - 富田鈴花 (7) - 丹生明里 (8) - 濱岸ひより (6) - 松田好花 (14) - 宮田愛萌 (3) - 渡邉美穂 (16) ラジオ (90) - 欅坂46のオールナイトニッポン (14) - こちら有楽町星空放送局 (35) 欅坂46ファン (29) 番外編 (2) 秋元康 (4) 欅坂46ファミリー (13) - トム (4) - サンドウィッチマン (5) 徳山大五郎を誰が殺したか？ (33) SKE48 (1) HKT48 (4) 欅のキセキ (20)
No we have not fallen off the edge of the Earth. Here is the short list: House on the market. ShowingShowingShowing(Which means constant cleaning)WorkWorkWork(14 to 16 hour days plus at least one weekend day sine April. Insert frowny face here.)Norah has two loose teeth with her two big teeth pushing in right under them.Lots of repair and necessary work at my parents house.Got to see Boo's new apartment in Little Rock.More showing.Much more work.HOUSE SOLD!!!!! (Yeah!) No more cleaning. We refuse. PackingMore workMore packingThat's right MORE work! I am seeing a pattern here. Will post pictures this weekend.That is all. Lori
Norah can say a few words that are recognizable to everyone like, no, mama, daddy, apple, bye bye. She said stop the other day for the first time. We just know that with the right kind of instruction and attention from some great educators along with us that Norah will be able to communicate and understand spoken conversation. It is very exciting to see her go from just saying "aaaahhhh" when we first got her to now.
A Preliminary System for the Automatic Detection of Emotions based on the Autonomic Nervous System Response
A proposal for real time stress classification using F-State Machine technique by Analysing of the Nervous System Arousal
Mylo lake. This little pond has only got 6 pegs on and is an ideal place if you’re a beginner, with lots of 3-8lb Carp you will be kept busy all day, also great for a small club match in Winter.
Summer 2015 will see the launch of the Alders Junior Academy, and this little lake will be the first port of call for the kids to learn on before they enter the league and show the seasoned anglers a thing or two! This lake is often used as an overflow in matches for the main match lake in winter as it can warm quicker and provide challenging weights. Don't be fooled by it's size!
Pump lake. Not far to walk from Breakfast in the Pumphouse Cafe, this is one of the smaller lakes on the complex and resembles a canal with it being 14m wide. It’s no wonder anglers love fishing it and with lots of 3-6lb Carp and a few Rudd. Those of you who remember the good old days of the canal will love this lake.
Wood lake. The wood lake is considered by many to be the hardest of the lakes and again like Pump Lake resembles a canal, slightly wider at 20m in parts. You need a variety of methods to catch and those who fish it with a little finesse get their rewards. Well stocked with 3-8lb Carp, it's another favourite amongst the match anglers especially in winter.
Thank you for choosing to Register - please check out the available packages to make sure it's the most suitable option for your current requirements.
For every advert you place in the future, simply enter your User name in the box provided on the ad form and the 'Verified member' logo (above) will accompany your advert. This will give people more confidence to deal with you. It could make all the difference if there are 2 similar adverts - one from a verified member, and the other not,
Email lookup access - all email addresses on the site are kept in a safe location to prevent people using them to send scam emails to our advertisers. There's no current problem with making telephone numbers available. With access to emails, you can find any email address for any advert on the site.
There are 2 types of access - limited to 2 weeks (available with most packages) and unlimited access which means forever (available with the Email access package and Registration). Please read this page for an explanation of Why we have to charge
Advert Upgrade - Place your advert where the most people will see it, and that's the home page. 2 days here will make sure that your advert is exposed to up to 12,000 people. It still goes on every other page that is relevant to it as well.
Wanted advert placement - There are 2 reasons we charge for the service. It stops con men from placing wanted adverts and relieving desperate people of their bikes and money. + It's a way of reducing the number of 'dreamer' wanted adverts which clutter the site, with little chance of success. This way, you know if someone is really serious about finding a bike.
Verified Member logo - if you have any package and pay us, it means you used a card and PayPal checked it out. This now means that you are more than likely who you say you are - or to put it another way, you aren't a scammer from Nigeria intent on conning people. This means we can place a 'Verified' logo with any advert you ever send us, and people can respond to your adverts with a higher degree of confidence.
Bike Find - we get lots of adverts, and we're well placed to intercept new adverts and send them straight to those who are looking for that exact bike. We keep a list of bikes here that people are looking for, and as soon as we get an advert that they would be interested in, we mail it to them, before we publish it. This gives the people on our list an advantage where competition could be fierce, and it's first come first served.
I write Australian cozies with sassy female sleuths who couldn't solve the mystery without the help of friends, so grab a coffee, pull up a chair and make yourself at home... http://ajblythe.com
Success is a finished book, a stack of pages each of which is filled with words. If you reach that point, you have won a victory over yourself no less impressive than sailing single-handed around the world. Tom Clancy
Every September I set my goals for the writing year. So far I have done everything I needed for the first 6 months. But now I'm moving the goal posts. I'm no longer going to enter the First Kiss with two manuscripts, in fact, I'm not going to enter it with any. This is because I have made the decision to be more selective with my contests, eg picking contests with finals judges I'd like to get my ms in front of. I think I'll have to put a lot of thought into my 2011/12 goals!
Today is the official national day of Australia. On the 26th January we commemorate the arrival of the First Fleet at Sydney Cove in 1788.
I think people's need for books and the sense of community a library creates can be forgotten at times. After reading the following article, originally posted by the ABC on 16th January, I don't think the council of Milton Keynes will forget again.
The residents of a small town in Britain have borrowed every single book from their local library in an attempt to stop it from being closed.
Until this week, the town of Stony Stratford, a constituent town of Milton Keynes in north Buckinghamshire, was notable only because its two pubs, The Cock and The Bull, were the likely origin of the phrase "a cock and bull story".
But when the Milton Keynes Council decided to close Stony Stratford's library as part of budget cuts, 6,000 of the town's residents decided they had another story to tell.
A week ago the library held 16,000 books but today the stunned librarians preside over bare shelves. The people of Stony Stratford have taken home their maximum allowance of 15 books, including dusty mechanics manuals and flimsy paperback novels. At one stage during the week, nearly 380 books were being stamped out on loan every hour.
The campaign, called 'Wot No Books', was organised on Facebook by Friends of Stony Stratford Library. The group says the protest aims to show the void that would be left in the community if the library closed.
The Stony Stratford Council has backed the campaign against the Milton Keynes Council, because like many of the town's groups, it holds its meetings in the library. The Milton Keynes Council says it will continue to consult with the community about the planned closure.
Categories bookshelves, community, library, Milton Kenyes Council, people power, reading, Stony Stratford
As some of you may already know, a team from the Romance Writers of Australia commitee has started a drive for book donations...
We've all seen the devastation the recent Queensland floods have wrought and have wondered how we can help. We know that for many affected families, books will not be high on their priorities list for some time to come.
So…with the aid of some wonderful volunteers, we've put together a Romance Writers of Australia Flooded Communities Book Appeal.
FICTION BOOKS! Romance books, children's books, young adult books, genre books, whatever – either new or in sparkling condition.
Now! And any time over the next few months. The books will be boxed and delivered to the appropriate libraries/schools/neighbourhood centres/community centres in batches as soon as the communities are ready to receive them. We'll be liaising with councils, libraries and schools to ensure this is done appropriately. Feel free to pop a note inside, or if you're an author, sign it.
There was a lot of relief in Brisbane yesterday when it was realised the flood peak was 1 metre (3'3") lower than expected. While this was good news, it was short-lived. There was still so much water everywhere, and so much destruction.
To give you some idea this is a street in our central business district - before the flood and during:
My home state has seen a lot of water in the past few weeks. Floods have stretched nearly the entire state - 80% has been declared a disaster zone, an area twice the size of Texas and over 5 United Kingdoms. And now it is our turn.
I live in Brisbane, the capital of Queensland in the SE corner. Today they predict our flood will peak, higher than the previous highest flood of 1974. The Brisbane River runs right through the CBD (below is a photo of our central business district from then) so as you can imagine many businesses and homes are going to be affected.
Regardless of what the river does today the devestation and destruction the past two weeks of flooding have wrought on Queensland will last a long time.
My family is safe. My home is safe. I'm one of the lucky ones. My thoughts are with those who haven't been so fortunate.
For the last year I have been poking fun at the but in all of us... those 'but' excuses for not getting writing done. Today is the last My Excuse Monday post.
Now that there is no possible excuse for not writing left (unless you revisit my last years posts as per below *grin*) I thought I'd shift direction for my Monday blog posts. So from next week I will be starting Motivational Monday - stay tuned!
Yes, this is my New Year's Resolution... I'm aiming for 60 minutes of writing a day. I'm not sure I'll write every day (there will be days of plotting, editing - and life butting in) but I'm hoping the goal will drive me to do better than before. Guess time will tell :o)
AJ Blythe's Cozies Copyright © 2010 Designed by Ipietoon Blogger Template Sponsored by Online Shop Vector by Artshare
"My chocolate lab (Russ ) loves the place and they always leave my dog shiny and clean but most of all happy!"
"Anita's pet grooming has been around for a very long time for a reason. They have a very high degree of care, compassion and knowledge for animals. And you'll never feel overcharged for their services because they are so reasonable. They really live up to their motto - "We have a warm heart for cold noses."
"Jennie the owner loves dogs, cats and most other animals and gives them all the best possible service."
iStockphoto/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) -- Occupy Wall Street is anxiously waiting to find out if it will recoup $144,000 in credit card donations that were rejected over three days when the group’s online account, which is handled by an external fiscal agent, was temporarily frozen due to human error.
The Alliance for Global Justice first blamed one of the entities Occupy Wall Street is protesting -- Authorize.net, owned by Visa -- for the rejected donations and the freezing of another $40,000.
“I can’t help but believe that politics must be involved somewhere,” said Kathy Hoyt, a founding member of AFGJ, in a statement posted online that has since been removed, after the group realized it was its own blunder.
Chuck Kaufman, a national coordinator at AFGJ who is working hand-in-hand with the movement’s finance team, told ABC News Tuesday that his organization simply wasn’t used to processing so many donations.
“Our group normally processes a dozen donations a week, so all of a sudden Occupy Wall Street took off and it was 400 per day,” Kaufman said. “We just didn’t understand the banking architecture. We’ve never done anything on this scale before. I guess we should have communicated this to E-Onlinedata in the beginning.”
The sudden surge of activity acted as a red flag to E-Onlinedata, the company that acts as an intermediary between the cardholders and the banks. Kaufman said the company rejected $144,000 in donations and froze $40,000 that had already been donated but not yet pocketed by the group.
“I don’t blame the credit card companies for wondering what was going on,” he said. “Essentially they’re liable for any donations they process, so I understand where they’re coming from.”
Kaufman’s group receives 7 percent of the Occupy Wall Street donations that it processes. Out of that, he estimated that 4 percent went to E-Onlinedata, leaving the Alliance for Global Justice with a total of 3 percent.
“When Occupy Wall Street is gone in two years and the IRS comes knocking, we’re the ones who will provide the accounting,” he said.
KNS/AFP/Getty Images(NEW YORK) -- Basketball bad boy Dennis Rodman may be the only American to have hugged, drank and laughed with North Korea's bad boy Kim Jong Un, but the U.S. State Department said Friday it has no plans to debrief Rodman for any personal intel on the man who says he is targeting the U.S. with his nuclear arsenal.
Rodman left Pyongyang Friday after stunning the diplomatic world with his basketball diplomacy. After watching an exhibition game with a laughing Kim, dining and drinking with him, even hugging the regime strongman, Rodman had lavish praise for Kim and his father and grandfather who have turned North Korean into a family affair.
No other American as far as anyone can tell has met with Kim since he assumed command of North Korea following his father's death in 2011. Since then, Kim has defied the world by pressing ahead with a nuclear arms and missile program which Kim says is aimed at the U.S.
"We haven't been in touch with this traveling party at any point along in the process. They haven't been in touch with us. And so we don't have any plans in that regard," State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said.
But he said as with any American who travels to North Korea and wants to talk to State, "We'll take their call."
"Here's a man who has had dinner with one of the most threatening men in the whole world, who continues to sell weapons of mass destruction to all of our enemies. And they don't even want to talk to him? That's ridiculous," said Steve Ganyard, a former deputy assistant secretary of state and a consultant to ABC News.
"There is nobody at the CIA who can tell you more personally about Kim Jong Un than Dennis Rodman and that in itself is scary," Ganyard said.
Facebook(NEW YORK) -- Two young bike enthusiasts from California have disappeared while on a biking "trip of a lifetime" through South America, according to the U.S. State Department.
Jamie Neal and her boyfriend, Garrett Hand, both 25, embarked on their journey at the end of November, or early December, according to Neal's boss, Jeff Jerge. Neal works at the Pedaler, Jerge's El Sobrante, Calif., bike shop.
Jerge said that Neal and Hand had known each other for a while and began dating and planning their South American trip last summer.
"It's kind of like it was a dream trip for them," Jerge's wife, Kim Jerge, told ABCNews.com. "It's their first big adventure."
"They wanted to originally ride from here to South America, and we thought going through Mexico was particularly dangerous, so we talked to them about skipping that, and they did decide to fly down to South America and start their trip there," Jeff Jerge said. "We all felt it was potentially dangerous."
As the couple cycled through the continent, they frequently posted updates and photos on Facebook, chronicling their journey. They posted photos of camping, the wildlife and the people they met along the way.
The last post was on Jan. 25 and said, "Finally found Kraft Mac 'n' cheese in South America! Stoked LOL." The couple has not been heard from since.
"They had all the right gear," he said. "[The trip] was really well-planned and thought out in terms of the bicycling part."
The U.S. State Department said that according to their families, Hand and Neal had been traveling from Cusco to Lima, Peru, and were expected to arrive in Lima on Jan. 26.
"There's potential that they could be out of service and there's potential they could have just lost contact, but the frequency of their posts before Jan. 25 was pretty close to one another, and certainly there's never been a gap like this," Jerge said. "It really doesn't look good."
A State Department official confirmed to ABC News that the couple had not been heard from in almost a month.
"The U.S. Embassy in Lima is aware of the two U.S. citizens who apparently went missing while on a cycling trip in Peru," a State Department official said in a statement to ABC News.
"Consular officers from the U.S. Embassy in Lima are in contact with the families and Peruvian authorities, and are providing all appropriate consular assistance," the statement said. "The Peruvian authorities provided us all assurances that they will do everything possible to locate this couple. Embassy officers will continue to provide all appropriate consular assistance and to follow developments closely."
On Feb. 13, the U.S. Embassy in Peru issued a warning to Americans to beware of a kidnapping threat in the Cusco area from a criminal organization, but the State Department official could not confirm that the couple had been kidnapped, saying only that an investigation was under way. The Cusco area is near Machu Picchu, and is a popular destination for tourists.
"We don't know what to do," Jeff Jerge said. "What do you do when people are that far away and you're trying to help them?"
Flyers in English amd in Spanish have been made, and Jerge has made contact with other bikers in Peru to post the flyers. He is planning on reaching out to his distributors who have offices around the world to help get the word out.
"Both of them are just great people, and Jamie is just a good-hearted, fun-loving person with a lot of energy," Kim Jerge said. "She rode her bike to work from Oakland, which is about a 25-mile commute every day. She's a hard worker. She worked for us for two-and-a-half years. She's part of the family."
iStockphoto/Thinkstock(WINDSOR, Mich.) -- The cities of Windsor, Ontario, and Rogue River, Mich., are separated geographically by only a river, but when it comes to one highly annoying noise they are worlds apart.
That noise, described as a low-pitched rumble, has rankled citizens of Windsor since last year, prompting hundreds of complaint calls, leading one resident to create a Facebook page and spurring a senior aide to Canada’s foreign minister to visit the city to investigate.
Testing conducted by the Canadian government determined the sound, known by locals as the “Windsor hum,” came from the area of Zug Island, a 600-acre, steel industrial site on the U.S. side of the Detroit River, the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. reported.
The only problem? The residents of the Detroit suburb have no idea what their Canadian friends are talking about, or hearing.
The mayor of River Rogue, under whose jurisdiction Zug Island lies, told Canadian questioners last year that his city’s budget does not allow for testing to track down the noise, according to the CBC. Further, the city’s residents say they can’t even hear the noise that Windsor residents say shakes their windows, rattles their shelves and may even be making them sick.
“The only place I am hearing noise from is Canada–from politicians complaining,” the mayor, Michael Bowdler, told the Wall Street Journal, which first reported on the American response.
Michigan’s Department of Environmental Quality did look into the issue last year—examining whether noise could be caused by new machinery used at Zug—but found nothing, according to the Journal.
And pleas made by the Canadians to both the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency have fallen short, with each saying it is a state, not a federal issue.
Bob Dechert, the parliamentary secretary to Canada’s Foreign Affairs Minister, visited Windsor and Detroit late last month and met with both American and Canadian officials to address the issue, according to the CBC.
“The government of Canada takes this issue seriously,” Dechert said in a statement. “It is important that we find a solution that works for the people of Windsor.”
Win McNamee/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) -- The Obama administration has begun an effort to explain the alleged Iranian-backed plot to other countries in hopes of using the event to further isolate the Iranian regime, U.S. officials said.
“Iran must be held accountable for its actions,” Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday. “We will work closely with our international partners to increase Iran’s isolation and the pressure on its government, and we call upon other nations to join us in condemning this threat to international peace and security.”
Clinton has called several of her counterparts this week to discuss the plot, including the foreign ministers of Saudi Arabia, Mexico and Russia.
The State Department on Wednesday called in ambassadors and representatives from foreign embassies in Washington to explain the alleged plot and to make the case for coordinated action going forward.
Similarly, a secret cable was sent by Deputy Secretary of State William Burns to U.S. embassies and consulates abroad instructing them to explain the charges in foreign capitals with the same goal in mind.
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Susan Rice, has began meeting with members of the U.N. Security Council to discuss ways they can increase pressure on Iran.
The State Department said Wednesday that there is no decision yet to pursue further international sanctions, but said that some countries could do more to enforce existing sanctions.
Secretary of State Clinton on Tuesday said the alleged Iranian-backed plot to kill the Saudi ambassador to Washington was reason to rally the international community around coordinated action against Tehran.
“We will be consulting with our friends and partners around the world about for how we can send a very strong message that this kind of action, which violates international norms, must be ended,” she said.
Clinton added that “other areas where we can cooperate more closely in order to send a strong message to Iran and further isolate it from the international community will also be considered.”
The Obama administration also held classified briefings for lawmakers on Capitol Hill Wednesday to brief them in detail on the plot.
Stockbyte/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) -- On Thursday night the State Department called in Syria’s Ambassador in Washington Imad Moustapha and “read the riot act about this incident” and reminded of Syria’s treaty obligations to protect foreign diplomats.
“He was reminded that Ambassador Ford is the personal representative of the president and that an attack on Ford is an attack on the United States,” State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters Friday.
In the meeting with Ambassador Moustapha, Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs Jeffrey Feltman also demanded that the Syrian government pay for the extensive damage to embassy vehicles. A previous U.S. demand to pay for damage to the U.S. embassy after it was stormed by another mob last summer has so far fell on deaf ears, the State Department said.
Part of the U.S. complaint this time is how long it took Syrian security forces to respond to Ford’s calls for help.
“As compared to the almost instantaneous response that Syrian security seems to be able to mount when there's an opposition demonstration, it took them almost two hours to come and disperse the mob and extract him from the site, and then he and his Syrian escorts went right back to the embassy without incident,” Nuland said.
Nuland described the group of protestors that assaulted Ford as a “Syrian rent-a-mob” and denied reports in Syrian media that Ford’s convoy hit a small child.
“His convoy did not hit anyone; that's Syrian disinformation. He went straight back to the embassy with no incident,” she said.
MASSOUD HOSSAINI/AFP/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) -- The Taliban plan to open a diplomatic office in Qatar by the end of the year, and the United States may have given the Qataris the OK to do so, according to the Times of London.
But Tuesday, when pressed repeatedly about the report, State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland wouldn’t even comment.
“We have nothing for you on that” is all Nuland would say Tuesday. “I'm not prepared to comment one way or the other on that one.”
Of course, with the large attack on the U.S. embassy in Kabul, Tuesday wasn’t the best day for the U.S. to confirm overtures with the Taliban.
There were talks of a similar office opening up in Turkey about a year ago. It was said to be part of an effort to reconcile with the Taliban.
FILIPPO MONTEFORTE/AFP/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) -- Given the significant damage to the U.S. embassy compound in Tripoli, which witnesses say was carried out by Gadhafi loyalists in May, the U.S. plans to arrange for an alternative site while repairs can be made, the State Department said Wednesday.
“The damage to the chancery, the embassy building, appears to be significant, and it's going to need some repair. But our team continues to look at that situation, also look at the housing for our personnel, some of which is in OK shape and some of which has been damaged and to look for an alternative site that we can use in the interim while those repairs are being made,” State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Wednesday.
She would not say when the U.S. plans to send diplomats back to the Libyan capital, but said the damaged buildings likely won’t delay their return.
The State Department dispatched a team of technical experts to Tripoli over the weekend to determine the condition of the embassy and to assess the security situation in the city.
Based on their findings, U.S. diplomats could soon return for the first time since the embassy was shuttered in February just hours before the Treasury Department levied sanctions on Gadhafi and his inner circle.
MASSOUD HOSSAINI/AFP/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) -- The State Department Wednesday said it is now engaged in “negotiations” with Iraqi leaders about whether the United States will maintain a troop presence there beyond 2011, something that, until now, the U.S. characterized as informal discussions. The wording is only significant because the Iraqi legislature has yet to formally authorize negotiations -- yet this shows the U.S. is prepared to move ahead anyway as the clock ticks down to the end of the year.
“We are currently in negotiations with the Iraqi government about what that post-2011 relationship might look like. Those discussions are ongoing, and you can understand that I won't comment on the detail,” State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters Wednesday.
Her comment attracted little attention during the briefing, but a senior State Department official later confirmed that this is a new U.S. policy.
“I think our public position and our private position hasn't changed, that our plan is to withdraw by the end of the year. Were the Iraqi government to come -- to come forward and make a request for some continued security assistance, we would be prepared to look at it,” she told reporters at the time.
What changed? One official said this was calling a spade a spade, since “informal” discussions on the matter had been held with Iraqi leaders since early August. A senior official says the U.S. believes there is now enough consensus among Iraqi leaders that they may want some extended U.S. troop presence after a Status of Forces Agreement, which authorizes U.S. troops to operate in Iraq, expires at the end of the year.
The negotiations are being led by Jim Jeffrey, the U.S. ambassador to Iraq. U.S. officials have held informal discussions with Iraqi leaders on the matter since Aug. 2, but only Wednesday did the U.S. decide to characterize those talks as “negotiations,” despite the fact that the Iraqi legislature has yet to formally authorize such action.
The official denied that the U.S. has decided to push the issue ahead because the Iraqi political paralysis has shortened the timeline for talks so that a decision can be made by the end of the year. The official didn’t rule out U.S. troops leaving the country and returning again later next year.
David Wasserman / Getty Images(WASHINGTON) -- American officials said Thursday that Moammar Gadhafi's stock of chemical and nuclear materials are secure, amid fears they could fall into the wrong hands as the longtime leader's regime falls.
"Our judgment is that they remain secure," U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters. "We have no reason to believe that there is anything else of that nature anywhere else."
Despite Gadhafi's previous promise to destroy Libya's mustard gas stockpiles and an agreement with the U.S. to dismantle its nuclear program, fears remained that the North African strongman could use chemical or nuclear weapons against the popular uprising that began in February.
U.S. officials, including Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said they are concerned the weapons could end up in the hands of terrorists in the unstable nation now that Gadhafi is on the run.
"Gadhafi did have some mustard agent," Nuland confirmed Thursday. She said the deadly chemicals had been moved to an ammunition reservation where it is kept "inside massive steel containers, within heavy bunkers" that were sealed by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
U.S. officials used "national technical means" to determine that, though some gas remained, it was accounted for and further found that any "sensitive elements of Libya's nuclear program" had been removed successfully from the country years before. The last of Gadhafi's highly enriched uranium, which could have been used to produce a nuclear bomb, were taken out of the country in 2009.
While Gadhafi did have some yellowcake nuclear material, that material is "safeguarded" in a Libyan nuclear research facility. In any event, Nuland said, "Libya doesn't have the means right now to turn yellowcake into anything dangerous."
With chemical and nuclear dangers out of the way, Nuland said the greatest concern to the U.S. was the proliferation of the Libyan military's powerful, shoulder-fired anti-aircraft weapons known as MANPADS.
Chris Stevens, the U.S. envoy to the Transitional National Council in Benghazi, has met with the rebel leadership several times in recent weeks to ensure they are prepared to take over control of depots containing those weapons.
The State Department has already spent $3 million on contracts to help destroy weapons and mines inside parts of Libya that have been taken over by rebel forces.
Gadhafi had promised in 2003 to dismantle its nuclear program as part of an agreement that eventually led the U.S. to take Libya off the list of states that sponsor terrorism in 2006.
After the agreement, the U.S. sent millions in aid to the Gadhafi regime "focused on bolstering Libya's commitments to renouncing weapons of mass destruction," according to State Department records.
Salah Malkawi/ Getty Images(WASHINGTON) -- The U.S. is now working to release $1 billion to $1.5 billion of Gadhafi’s frozen assets to the rebel Transitional National Council, the State Department said Tuesday. That’s part of over $30 billion that was frozen earlier this year, much of which was not liquid. The figure is lower than the $3 billion some officials had suggested might be released.
U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice said Tuesday they hope to make that money available within days. The U.S. has been pushing the U.N. sanctions committee in New York to alter resolutions on Libya so that the funds can be legally transferred to the rebels.
They’ve met some legal hurdles and concerns from other countries, but U.S. officials seem confident this will happen soon.
“There's quite a bit of diplomacy, both in New York, here in Washington, out in capitals, and the secretary's been involved in this herself, of course, to get this work done in coming days,” State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said Tuesday.
The U.S. has sought and received assurances from the TNC that the funds will be used only for humanitarian purposes. Though their top diplomat in D.C. told reporters last week that they needed weapons.
“We would not have taken this step if we didn't have confidence that the money will be used -- will get to the people who need it and will be used appropriately,” Nuland said Tuesday.
The 50 million Americans who suffer from insomnia need – and want – this answer now.There is no “one size fits all” solution to insomnia because, as this ...
Meteorites point to sky as source of Earth's life [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive]
For 50 years, scientists have debated whether the components of DNA - the molecule central to all life on Earth - could spontaneously form in space. A new analysis of a dozen meteorites found in Antarctica and elsewhere presents the strongest evidence yet that the answer is yes.
Meteorites are space rocks that have fallen to the ground, and the new report bolsters the notion that heavy meteorite bombardment of the early Earth may have seeded the planet with the stuff of life.
"Meteorites may have served as a molecular kit providing essential ingredients for the origin of life on Earth and possibly elsewhere," wrote the authors of the recent report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
While life has not been found beyond Earth, all earthly plants and animals rely on DNA to store genetic information.
It's these tiny rings that scientists at NASA and the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington found in 11 of 12 meteorites they scrutinized.
Two of the meteorites in particular, called Murchison and Lonewolf Nunataks 94102, contained a trove of nucleobases, including those also found in DNA. But these meteorites also held an extraterrestrial secret: related but exotic nucleobases never seen before, said Michael Callahan, the NASA scientist who analyzed the space rocks.
Since the 1960s, other scientists have reported nucleobases in meteorites, but concerns about contamination always hung over those findings, said Max Bernstein, a NASA scientist who has studied organic molecules in meteorites but was not involved in the current study.
The detection of the exotic nucleobases, and their absence from surrounding material, helped rule out contamination in this study, Callahan said.
Bernstein said the study's thoroughness gave him confidence in its conclusions. "I don't think it's contamination," he said.
In laboratory experiments, Callahan and colleagues showed how the nucleobases could have formed inside meteorites.
Simple chemical reactions involving ammonia, water and hydrogen cyanide - all ingredients found in meteorites - produced the wide range of nucleobases the scientists found in the space rocks.
"It would be awfully coincidental if our laboratory chemistry produced the same things we saw in the meteorites," Callahan said.
Scientists have also found other building blocks of life - most notably amino acids, the links that form proteins - inside meteorites. While Bernstein said that it's impossible to discern whether the first life on Earth was built on chemicals that fell from the sky, that possibility is now stronger.
"These molecules are at the core of (life's) blueprints," Bernstein said of the nucleobases. "It's possible that the presence of these molecules in meteorites made us what we are today."
Compressed sensing was introduced to the field of magnetic resonance imaging in recent years as a promising method to significantly reduce scan time. The performance of CS depends on the sparsity of the image in the sparse domain, such as wavelet transform domain. In this report, we proposed a method to increase the sparsity of CS MRI by taking exponent of wavelet transform normalized to the range [0 1]. The method was tested on a digital phantom and in vivo MRI data, and the results show that EXP-WT can improve the quality of the reconstructed image or significantly speed up the reconstruction.
achieved acquisition advantage allows application axial background better blurred brain carried clinical coefficient coefficients compressed computation constrained controls conventionally core cost darker denotes density depends desirable developed digital domain domains dong empirical especially evaluate evaluation experiment exponent exponential fast faster fidelity field final formulated gives greatly house improve in vivo increasing indicates inst introduced iteration iterative length limitation limited mathematically matrix maximal measured much nearly noisy normalized normalizing operation operator optimization original pattern performance performances phantom practical problem processor programs promising proposed psychiatric qualities quality rapid reached recent reconstructed reconstruction recovered recovering recovery reduce remarkable report respectively scale scanner scheme sensing significantly software solving space sparse sparser sparsity speed square step steps taken taking terms texture trans transform transforms unlimited utilized variable view wavelet years zero
1Medical Biophysics, University of Western Ontario, London, ON, Canada; 2Medical Imaging, Lawson Health Research Institute, London, ON, Canada; 3Psychiatry, University of Western Ontario, London, ON, Canada
Many metabolites contribute to the area in a 1H-MRS spectrum, but not all are accounted for in every basis set. If they are not included in the basis set, their area may likely lead to an error in another metabolites concentration estimate. The purpose of this study was to systematically identify which metabolites compensate for a metabolites area when it has been omitted from a fitting template using Monte Carlo simulations. Every metabolite studied, with the exception of lactate, lead to an error of at least 10% in another metabolites concentration estimate when it was omitted from the template.
absence accounted added affected altered basis blood brain broadening careful chain chemical choline complexity complicated components concentration concentrations conduct consists constants containing contributes contributions contributors coupling demonstrating determined direct done efficiently empirically equivalent errors estimation estimations even exact examine exception expected extension field fitting fluctuations full global greater heavily height house human identified illustrate in vivo included inclusion incorrect individual individually influence influenced influential initialized instances institute integrity interfere interpretation jean journal largest leading likely limited literature local macromolecular made mandatory massive measure medical metabolite metabolites minimize modest next noise nuclei often omission omissions omitted omitting overlap overlapping pattern patterns peak peaks percent peter pharmaceutical placed poor program prominent psychiatry quantification quantified quantify rather related relatively reliability remaining represent respectively sample sets signature signatures simpler simulated simulations singlet software spectra spectral spectrum spreadsheet squares steam strengths successively suite table template templates transients transverse typically unaccounted uncomplicated unique units usually utilizes variation variations western
these are to great follower mods The Fellowship and inlgo, both pf these have the original wepons and the fellowship also have the original clothing. all these mods are availble on steam
Every four years with the Olympics, municipalities compete to host the winter and summer games and virtually always plunge their cities and sometimes even their home countries into massive debt and insolvency. _____ Subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://youtube.com/reasontv Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Reason.Magazine/ Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/reason Subscribe to our podcast at iTunes: https://goo.gl/az3a7a Reason is the planet's leading source of news, politics, and culture from a libertarian perspective. Go to reason.com for a point of view you won't get from legacy media and old left-right opinion magazines. _____ Why? Because host cities inevitably spend double or more over initial estimates, fewer people show up than expected, and the International Olympic Committee, or IOC, takes bigger and bigger cuts of TV and other revenue streams. Sports economist Andrew Zimbalist says that a typical Summer Olympics generates up to $6 billion in revenue, at least half of which goes to the IOC. Winter Games generate even less money despite often being more expensive to host than Summer Games. Cities routinely claim that whatever money they spend on new facilities will stimulate the local economy for decades to come. With the recent announcement that Paris will host the 2024 Summer Games and Los Angeles will host the 2028 Summer Games, here are five cities that got fucked by hosting the Olympics. Athens, Greece, 2004. Athens is the birthplace of the ancient games that inspired today's modern municipal money pits. Its 2004, Games cost $16 billion, or 10 times the original estimate. By 2010, more than half the venues built for the event were underused, completely empty, or literally falling apart. Sochi, Russia, 2014. At $50 billion, the Sochi Winter Games cost more than all previous Winter Olympics combined, paid for by a dwindling supply of Russian petro dollars and gold bullion. Boris Nemtsov documented that $21 billion went to "embezzlement and kickbacks" for businessmen friends of Vladimir Putin. Nemtsov was later assassinated. Rio de Janiero, Brazil, 2016. Plagued by low ticket sales partly due to the outbreak of the Zika virus, the Rio games ended up costing $20 billion rather than the $13 billion backers claimed. The Olympics were hosted on the heels of the 2014 World Cup, which also cost a ton of loot, and the showplace Maracana stadium, which got a $500 million makeover, was "largely abandoned" soon after the games and had thousands of seats ripped out by vandals. Beijing, China, 2008. The Beijing Games cost $42 billion, a record at the time, even though Amnesty International charged that the Chinese government used forced labor to build many of the venues. The IOC didn't mind the stratospheric costs or crackdowns on dissent, though: It awarded Beijing the 2022 Winter Games. Montreal, Canada, 1976. The mayor of Montreal declared that the Olympics "can no more have a deficit than a man can have a baby." Unfortunately, it took Montreal 30 years to pay off its debt just for the main stadium built for the 1976 Summer Games. If there's good news here, it's that cities seem to be wising up: Paris and Los Angeles were the only two cities to bid on the 2024 Olympic Games and IOC was so anxious that there wouldn't be enough applications for 2028, that it pre-emptively awarded it to LA. But just like with professional sports teams that extort tax dollars and subsidies for stadiums that never pay back their inflated costs, it's likely the Olympics will keep finding new suckers for one of the oldest scams in sports. Produced by Todd Krainin. Written and narrated by Nick Gillespie, and based on an article by Ed Krayewski. Camera by Jim Epstein.
Hello. I know that I said that AFONA would've come yesterday, but I've been busy with school. But in the mean time, I've made this, because I can. Also, I did not include cancelled Olympics, just because they didn't happen...
Every Olympic city on a map. This video features all the locations of the summer Olympics since the first Olympics in Athens 1896. The world wars caused some of the Olympics to be cancelled: 1916 in Berlin, 1940 in Tokyo and 1944 in London. London and Athens are the only cities which have had the honor to host 3 olympic games. Los Angeles, Tokyo and Paris all had the honor of hosting the games two times. The continents of Africa and South America never held Olympic games. However that is about to change for the latter in 2016 when they will be in Rio de Janeiro.
The Olympics are a terrible investment and a huge risk for the host city. Following is a transcript of the video. Cities pay billions of dollars to host the Olympics. But is it worth it? Rio estimated the 2016 Olympics would cost $3 billion. Instead, the final cost was closer to $13 billion. The city had to cut healthcare and police spending to afford it. This is what the venues look like just 1 year later. Host cities hope the increased tourism will be worth it and that the new venues will be used long after the games. However, the costs frequently go over estimates. Russia estimated the Sochi games would cost $12 billion. Instead, the final cost was around $50 billion. Many oligarchs contributed money to cover the buildout. Russia wound up making just $53 million on the endeavor. China spent over $40 billion on the 2008 Olympics. While they made a $146 million profit, this is what the stadiums look like today. To help pay for the 2006 Turin Olympics, the Italian government launched a scratch-off lottery game. Ultimately, the city lost $3.2 million hosting the Olympics. Today, its Olympic Village is used to house refugees. The 2004 Olympics cost Greece around $11 billion. Many of the stadiums are in disrepair today. With runaway budgets and stadiums that may never be used again, the Olympics continue to be a big risk for any city to host. -------------------------------------------------- Follow BI Video on Twitter: http://bit.ly/1oS68Zs Follow BI on Facebook: http://bit.ly/1W9Lk0n Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/ -------------------------------------------------- Business Insider is the fastest growing business news site in the US. Our mission: to tell you all you need to know about the big world around you. The BI Video team focuses on technology, strategy and science with an emphasis on unique storytelling and data that appeals to the next generation of leaders – the digital generation.
It's no secret that it's a pricey pain to host the Olympic Games, running billions of dollars above the estimated budget. As the International Olympic Committee receives fewer bids with each problematic games, the future of the tradition is looking unsure. We spoke with Smith College Professor of Economics Andrew Zimbalist on the matter. He should know, he's written about the Olympic issues in Circus Maximus, No Boston Olympics, and Rio 2016. -------------------------------------------------- Follow Business Insider on Twitter: https://twitter.com/businessinsider Follow BI on Facebook: http://bit.ly/1W9Lk0n Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/ -------------------------------------------------- Business Insider is the fastest growing business news site in the US. Our mission: to tell you all you need to know about the big world around you. The BI Video team focuses on technology, strategy and science with an emphasis on unique storytelling and data that appeals to the next generation of leaders – the digital generation.
Click to find a great coach in any sport, in your town http://coachup.me/1Df2deo subscribe: http://coachup.me/1rGGGtI Here are some of the most successful Olympic host cities in history! Socials Website: https://www.coachup.com/ Facebook: www.facebook.com/CoachUpSports Twitter: https://twitter.com/coachup Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/coachup/ CoachUp is a service that connects athletes with private coaches. We believe that private coaching is the secret to reaching the next level in sports and life. With thousands of coaches across the country, and hundreds of training sessions happening every day, we are the nation's leading private coaching company. We are also a team of athletes and coaches, including our founders, Jordan Fliegel (basketball) and Arian Radmand (sailing). And we are dedicated to our mission: help kids change the trajectory of their lives through sports.
There are just two days left before the Summer Olympics get underway in Rio. A recent survey found 63 percent of Brazilians think hosting the games is doing more harm than good, which is quite a shift in attitude from when Rio first got the games. Ben Tracy reports why some believe the financial risk of playing host is not worth the reward.
Hosting the Olympics is an expensive proposition. Cost varies according to hosts, but even a games on a tight budget like London cost $10 billion dollars, though that’s nothing compared to the $44 billion dollar price tag for Beijing’s games or $51 billion dollars for Sochi. Olympic boosters will say the costs are worth it, while skeptics will say the money and effort is better spent directly helping its citizens. I’m going to discuss some of the tradeoffs associated with hosting the Olympics and tell you why I think only six cities should host the games from here on out: Calgary, Rio, Turin, Cape Town, PyeongChang, and Sydney. Resources on this topic: "Impacts of the Olympic Games as Mega-Events" by Malfas, et. al https://opus.lib.uts.edu.au/bitstream/2100/993/1/muen.157.3.209.49461.pdf "Urban development through hosting international events: a history of the Olympic Games" by Chalkley and Essex "Predicting the Costs and Benefits of Mega Sporting Events: Misjudgement of Olympic Proportions?" by Barclay http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1468-0270.2009.01896.x/full "Why Nobody Wants to Host the 2022 Winter Olympics" Time Magazine http://time.com/3462070/olympics-winter-2022/ "After the Party: What Happens When the Olympics Leave Town" Independent https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/olympics/after-the-party-what-happens-when-the-olympics-leave-town-901629.html "Of 21 Winter Olympic Cities, Many May Soon Be Too Warm to Host the Games" New York Times https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/01/11/climate/winter-olympics-global-warming.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=photo-spot-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 "Ghosts of Olympics Past" Reuters https://www.reuters.com/news/picture/ghosts-of-olympics-past-idUSRTR30UOB#a=1 "Olympics: In rarity for Games, Pyeongchang preparations run smoothly" Kyodo News https://english.kyodonews.net/news/2018/01/99bed44905f6-olympics-in-rarity-for-games-pyeongchang-preparations-run-smoothly.html "Permanent Olympic Site Would Address Growing Costs, Host Issues, Advocates Say" International Business Times http://www.ibtimes.com/permanent-olympic-site-would-address-growing-costs-host-issues-advocates-say-2040806 Photo sources: Burbex.org. See their article on Beijing's abandoned venues here: https://burbex.org/2016/09/30/white-water-dreams-olympic-kayaking-course-beijing-grade-b/ Wikimedia Commons contributors: - Alexander Kachkaev - Amadalvarez - Andre Motta/Brasil 2016 - Charlie Fong - David Iliff - Hpnx9420 - Jonathan Pope - Jpmpham - Kristof Verslype - MarylandPride - Mwanner - Paolo Costa Baldi - Richard Giles - Sander van Ginkel - Sergi Larripa - SLC_byggekloss - Supermoving Produced in sunny Sacramento, California.
Watch the moment where Beijing was announced as the 2022 Winter Olympic Games host city and Lausanne was announced as the 2020 Winter Youth Olympic Games host city. Subscribe to the IOC Media channel here: https://www.youtube.com/user/iocmedia?sub_confirmation=1 Find more about the Olympic Games at http://www.olympic.org/olympic-games
Officials in Rio de Janeiro hoped hosting the 2016 Olympics would help make it a first-class city. Instead, many buildings and stadiums made for the games have gone unused since the event ended. -------------------------------------------------- Follow BI Video on Twitter: http://bit.ly/1oS68Zs Follow BI on Facebook: http://bit.ly/1W9Lk0n Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/ -------------------------------------------------- Business Insider is the fastest growing business news site in the US. Our mission: to tell you all you need to know about the big world around you. The BI Video team focuses on technology, strategy and science with an emphasis on unique storytelling and data that appeals to the next generation of leaders – the digital generation.
List of All Time Winter Olympic Games Host Cities | Discover The World: Olympics / Sports / IOC https://www.facebook.com/thetreeofknowledge/ There have been 29 Summer Olympic Games held in 23 different cities, and 22 Winter Olympic Games held in 19 different cities. In addition, three summer and two winter editions of the Games were scheduled to take place but later cancelled due to war: Berlin (summer) in 1916; Helsinki (summer) and Garmisch-Partenkirchen (winter) in 1940; and London (summer) and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy (winter) in 1944. The 1906 Summer Olympics were officially sanctioned and held in Athens. In 1949, the International Olympic Committee (IOC), decided to unrecognize the 1906 Games.[1] Three cities have been chosen by the IOC to host upcoming Olympic Games: Pyeongchang for the 2018 Winter Olympics, Tokyo for the 2020 Summer Olympics, and Beijing for the 2022 Winter Olympics. In 2022, Beijing will become the only city that has held both the summer and winter Olympic Games. Seven cities have hosted the Olympic Games more than once: Athens (1896 and 2004 Summer Olympics), Paris (1900 and 1924 Summer Olympics), London (1908, 1948 and 2012 Summer Olympics), St. Moritz (1928 and 1948 Winter Olympics), Lake Placid (1932 and 1980 Winter Olympics), Los Angeles (1932 and 1984 Summer Olympics), and Innsbruck (1964 and 1976 Winter Olympics). Tokyo will join this list upon hosting the 2020 Summer Olympics, having previously hosted the summer games of 1964. In addition, Stockholm hosted the 1912 Summer Olympics and the equestrian portion of the 1956 Summer Olympics.[d] London became the first city to have hosted three Games with the 2012 Summer Olympics. The United States has hosted a total of eight Olympic Games, more than any other country, followed by France with five editions. Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the United Kingdom have each hosted three Games. List of All TimeWinter Olympic Games Host Cities: 1924 Chamonix France 1928 St. Moritz Switzerland 1932 Lake Placid United States 1940 and 1936 Garmisch-Partenkirchen Nazi Germany 1944 Cortina d'Ampezzo Italy 1948 St. Moritz Switzerland 1952 Oslo Norway 1956 Cortina d'Ampezzo Italy 1960 Squaw Valley United States 1964 Innsbruck Austria 1968 Grenoble France 1972 Sapporo Japan 1976 Innsbruck Austria 1980 Lake Placid United States 1984 Sarajevo Yugoslavia 1988 Calgary Canada 1992 Albertville France 1994 Lillehammer Norway 1998 Nagano Japan 2002 Salt Lake City United States 2006 Turin Italy 2010 Vancouver Canada 2014 Sochi Russia 2018 Pyeongchang South Korea 2022 Beijing China The Tree of Knowledge is a place where you can find general informations about any area of interests. Our youtube channel is presenting a series of clips wich will help you to understand the facts around you.Here you can visit every section in our channel: History: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9lkO3BS8rMQ6cun088EQnnQXwzWF5SgM Biology: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9lkO3BS8rMTeDE_5_4QPZNAcHxlZgylA Places around the world: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9lkO3BS8rMT8hkM25VDDXmS7QDUC2D2w Medical basics: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9lkO3BS8rMTzEhyuBxJHyjpcLfveyCHc Curiosities (did you know?): https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9lkO3BS8rMTfbaj7wuPT5pIlst4Ny27v The full channels playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9lkO3BS8rMTnlKRKfcfZ6Uh0bxgzvn0_ Don’t forget to subscribe! List of All Time Winter Olympic Games Host Cities | Discover The World: Olympics / Sports / IOC #olympic #city #cities #host #hosts #alltime #winter #games #olympicgames #discover #Sochi #Pyeongchang #Beijing #sport #sports
How to memorize the Olympic cities fast and easily. Watch this series of whiteboard animation videos and I'll hack your brain and make you memorize the names of all the Olympic host cities in less than 30 minutes - 10X faster than you thought possible! For more best-practice memorization techniques and one-of-a-kind video training, visit https://www.memorize.academy Join Memorize Academy on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/MemorizeAcademy/ Full video transcript available at: https://www.memorize.academy/blog/how-to-memorize-the-olympic-cities
As preparations for the 2016 summer games continue in Rio, cities from all over the world are passing on the chance to host the 2022 winter games. Elizabeth Palmer reports.
Host city for the 2020 Summer Olympic Games -- that's the prize awaiting one of the three candidate cities, Istanbul (Turkey), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain), as they make their presentations for the first time to members of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) on 3 and 4 July 2013 in Lausanne, Switzerland. For more canoe, kayak and paddle sport news visit http://www.sportscene.tv
The Executive Board (EB) of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) unanimously agreed that Oslo (Norway), Almaty (Kazakhstan) and Beijing (China)* would progress from the Applicant City Phase to the Candidate City Phase in the bid to host the Olympic Winter Games 2022.
The Olympics are upon us yet again, and there’s plenty to get caught up in: Zika, sewage-ridden water, glistening pectorals, and — right, yes — the red-blooded glory of nationalistic athletic competition. But we’re here to highlight the real hot issue here: Urban development and public infrastructure! For all the controversy over the Games’ hefty price tag, past Olympics have brought some marked improvement to cities’ transit and livability — and some downsides, too. Watch our video above to learn more.
There are many reasons why hosting the Olympic Games is attractive to a city or country. The expectations that the event will have a positive impact, both tangible and intangible, on local communities is alive and well. From developing an underserved part of a city and expanding much-needed infrastructure to boosting the local economy and increasing tourism, hosting such a large-scale event can bring about great opportunities. However, cost overruns, questions over resource use and perceived corruption among other challenges have left some populations hesitant about their city’s bid to host the Olympic Games. This session will seek to examine the arguments for and against hosting the Olympic Games, and shine a light on the real experiences, both challenging and inspiring, faced by organisers from past and upcoming Games. Moderator: Sonali Shah, Broadcaster and Journalist, United Kingdom - Mariana Behr, Former Head of Engagement and Education, Rio 2016, Brazil - Lord Paul Deighton, Former CEO, London 2012, United Kingdom - Chris Dempsey, Co-Founder, No Boston Olympics, United States - John Furlong OC, OBC, President and CEO, Vancouver 2010, Canada - Shu’an Yang, Vice President, Beijing 2022, China
With billions of dollars wasted and unused venues in several other Olympic cities, many countries are no longer willing to host the games. But L.A. wants it bad.
The race to win the right to host the 2024 Summer Olympics is officially under way. Los Angeles, Paris and Budapest have made their first public presentations in advance of next September's decisive vote. Al Jazeera’s Andy Richardson reports.
Next stop: Tokyo! The Winter Olympics in PyeongChang just had their closing ceremony and that means the world turns it's attention to Japan. The Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympic Games are 2 years away, and here is what we know right now. ▶︎ WHEN ARE THE TOKYO 2020 OLYMPIC GAMES? July 24, 2020 to August 9, 2020 ▶︎ The New National Stadium It's built on the same site as the 1964 Olympic Stadium. Designed by Kengo Kuma, it's a very natural design surrounded by a lot of trees and parks. ▶︎ The Venues: There are 34 Venues separated into 2 zones. ▶︎ Heritage and Tokyo Bay: The Heritage zone is where the 1964 Olympics took place. Tokyo Bay is where the aquatics center, BMX and Skateboard course will be as well as other event. There are 12 events outside of these zones including foot / soccer, baseball, basketball. ▶︎ Ticket Prices for Tokyo 2020 Olympics: The average ticket price will be 7,700 yen ($72) and the opening and closing ceremonies will be between 25,000 yen ($235) and 150,000 yen ($1,400). Tickets will be sold online and at designated ticket centers in Tokyo. There are 33 sports for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics including 5 new ones: Aquatics, Archery, Athetics, Badminton, Baseball / Softball, Basketball, Boxing, Canoeing, Cycling, Equestrian, Fencing, Field Hockey, Football / Soccer, Golf, Gymnastics, Handball, Judo, Karate Modern pentathlon, Rowing, Rugby sevens, Sailing, Shooting, Skateboarding, Sport climbing, Surfing, Table tennis, Taekwondo, Tennis, Triathlon, Volleyball, Weightlifting, Wrestling Within these sports, there are 324 events. Football / soccer actually starts 2 days before the opening ceremonies. URL: https://tokyo2020.org/en/ ★ ONLY in JAPAN on instagram: http://instagram.com/onlyinjapantv Music credits: "Running Fanfare" Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ Enter the Party by Kevin MacLeod is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) Source: http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1100240 Artist: http://incompetech.com/
Another city dropped their bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics. The IOC will make their final selection on September 13th.
Boston has made the United States Olympic Committee's "short list" of cities to potentially host the 2024 Summer Olympics. The USOC made the announcement Friday afternoon. WBZ-TV's Jim Smith reports. Read more recent News stories: http://cbsboston.com SUBSCRIBE TO THE CBS BOSTON YOUTUBE CHANNEL: https://www.youtube.com/user/CBSBostonWBZ
International Olympic Committee announced that seven cities have confirmed interest in hosting the 2026 Winter Games. Canada's Calgary, Austria's Graz, Swedish capital Stockholm, Sion in Switzerland, Turkey's Erzurum, Japan's Sapporo and a joint bid from Italy's Cortina d'Ampezzo, Milan and Turin are all in the initial process. Executive Director of IOC Olympic Games Christophe Dubi informed the same. The cities will now enter a dialogue stage until October when the IOC will invite an unspecified number of them to take part in the one-year candidature phase. Subscribe to Times Of India's Youtube channel here: http://goo.gl/WgIatu Also Subscribe to Bombay Times Youtube Channel here: http://goo.gl/AdXcgU Social Media Links: Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/TimesofIndia Twitter : https://twitter.com/timesofindia Google + : https://plus.google.com/u/0/+timesindia/posts
SHOTLIST 1. Wide shot pan of audience at presentation 2. Convention sign 3. SOUNDBITE: (English) Bertrand Delanoe, Paris Mayor "This is the third time in the last 20 years Paris has been bidding. We have always tried, in the true competitive spirit, to improve our performance. This is why Paris 2012 has been conceived not only for the athletes but by the athletes." 4. Video presentation of Paris bid 5. Audience 6. SOUNDBITE: (English) Mike Bloomberg, New York Mayor "When I became Mayor four years ago our cities was shaken, but like the athlete that falls and gets back up, New Yorkers are more determined than ever - determined to remain the most open city in the world, to welcome people from everywhere and to be even stronger than before. We know nothing can help us achieve this more powerfully than sport." 7. Video clip of New York bid 8. SOUNDBITE: (English) Yuri Luzhkov, Moscow Mayor "Moscow is a surprising city, we are one of the fastest growing city economies in the world. We have one of the most efficient public transport systems in the world. We are also a city totally and passionately devoted to sport. Moscow is ready to host 2012 games. (tight out) 9. Video presentation of Moscow bid 10. SOUNDBITE: (English) Ken Livingstone, London Mayor "What this passion (for sport) would mean for you, at a London games is simple. Venues full of enthusiastic fans and knowledgeable fans too, imbued with a sense of fair play. 11. Video presentation of London bid 12. SOUNDBITE: (English) Alberto Ruiz-Gallardon, Madrid mayor "Madrid is committed to sport, it is committed to the Olympic spirit, it is committed to the future. Madrid wants the Olympic Games. It needs them but not only to leave behind a very important legacy for the future generations but also to contribute to the development of the Olympic movement." 13. Video presentation of Madrid bid 14. Wide shot audience at presentation STORYLINE Less than three months before the vote, the five cities bidding for the 2012 Summer Olympic games, got a chance to make their pitches to a big Olympic audience in Berlin. Paris, New York, Moscow, London and Madrid did send a high-level delegation to a conference in the German capital this weekend to present their bids to Olympic sports federation leaders. With more than 30 International Olympic Committee members present, the meeting offers the last major showcase for the bid cities before the session in Singapore where the host city will be selected on July 6. Each city has been allotted 10 minutes to make presentations. All cities were represented by their mayor. You can license this story through AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/metadata/youtube/d6ea38b7f9e7a623a99d97bf60b5ab3f Find out more about AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/HowWeWork
A newly published study states that most cities in the world will be too hot to host the summer Olympics in the near future. The list includes Tokyo, which will host the Games in 2020. The prediction, published in medical journal The Lancet, was made based on the wet-bulb globe temperature (WBGT) readings for cities big enough to hold the Games in the northern hemisphere. The WBGT measures the effect of ambient temperature, relative humidity, wind speed and solar radiation on humans. When the WBGT temperature exceeds 77 degrees Fahrenheit, athletes competing outdoors may begin to experience heat stress. The reason is that high humidity reduces the rate at which perspiration evaporates and cools the body. According to Reuters, scientists predict that cities bid cities for the 2020 Olympics, Istanbul and Madrid, as well as host, Tokyo, will be too hot to host the games in 2085. Contenders for 2024 Summer Olympics, Rome, Paris, Budapest and Los Angeles, would also be unfit to host the games six decades from now. The study concludes that by 2085, only a few cities would have climates suitable for for the summer games. These include Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dublin, Belfast, Calgary, Vancouver and San Francisco. ----------------------------------------­­---------------------------------------­-­---------------- Next Animation Studio’s News Direct service provides daily, high-quality, informative 3D news animations that fill in for missing footage and help viewers understand breaking news stories or in-depth features on science, technology, and health. Sign up for a free trial of News Direct's news animations at http://newsdirect.nextanimation.com.tw/Reuters.aspx To subscribe to News Direct or for more info, please visit: http://newsdirect.nextanimation.com.tw/Index.aspx
(6 Jul 2005) SHOTLIST APTN 6 July 2005 - Madrid 1. Various crowd watching bid announcement on huge television screen with UPSOUND (English) "Madrid will not participate in the next round." 2. Crowd sighs in disappointment 3. Pan across crowd 4. Couple hug each other 5. Various close up disappointed faces 6. UPSOUND (Spanish) Vox Pop Woman "What a bummer" 7. Boy holding Spanish flag 8. Disappointed man 9. Various of crowd 10. SOUNDBITE (Spanish) Vox Pop Man "I think it's political because France and England have lots of power. If we'd reached the final we would have won. (Q: Are you disappointed?) 11. Girl holding flag APTN 6 July 2005 - New York City 12. Various crowd watching bid announcement on huge television screen with UPSOUND (English) "The city of New York will not participate in the next round." 13. Disappointed crowd pan across to journalists with UPSOUND (English) "Ladies and gentleman New York City has been eliminated from the competition." 14.Various of disappointed man holding his head 15. SOUNDBITE (English) Vox Pop of Man "No other city demonstrates that eight million people, such a diverse culture can live in such a small environment. And I'm really disappointed but it happens." 16. SOUNDBITE (English) Vox Pop of Man "I think they made a good try of coming back, you can't knock a good man down. They're going to keep coming and fighting and so hopefully New York can come on back in about four years." 17. Close up disappointed man APTN 6 July 2005 - Moscow 18. Stage with sign reading: "Moscow 2012" 19. SOUNDBITE (Russian) Vox Pop Woman ''It does not matter so much. We''ll all just watch it on television instead. We are not so disappointed. '' 20. Wideshot crowds 21. Crowds and stage at Red Square and Kremlin APTN 6 July 2005 - Paris 22. Paris city hall as people listen to announcement 23. Crowd sighs when London win is announced 25. SOUNDBITE (French) Vox Pop Man: "There is a feeling of sadness - it's little bit like a big moment has failed. We have been waiting for games for 21 years. If not now then maybe 2042. After Britain unites with the United States." 26. Disappointed man holding French flag 28. People sitting under Paris 2012 sign STORYLINE Crowds in Madrid, New York, Moscow and Paris were disappointed with Wednesday's announcement by the IOC that rival London had been selected to host the 2012 Olympics, to take the games back to the British capital for the first time since 1948. Moscow, New York and Madrid were eliminated in the first three rounds, allowing London to beat its cross-Channel opponent Paris on the fourth ballot of the International Olympic Committee vote. Paris had been the front-runner throughout the campaign, but London picked up momentum in the late stages with strong support from Prime Minister Tony Blair. London's victory handed Paris a third stinging Olympic defeat in 20 years, following failed bids for the 1992 and 2008 Olympics. Paris hasn't hosted the games since 1924. "There is a feeling of sadness - it's little bit like a big moment has failed. We have been waiting for games for 21 years. If not now then maybe 2042. After Britain unites with the United States," said one disappointed Paris-backer. The race had been considered too close to call as an unprecedented collection of world leaders and sports celebrities converged on Singapore to lobby for the bids. Moscow was always considered the longshot, with New York and Madrid outsiders, but patriots believed their cities would win the opportunities to host the games regardless of the bookmakers. "You can't knock a good man down," said one of the New York fans. "Hopefully New York can come on back in about four years." You can license this story through AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/metadata/youtube/6ddb9fa918b8cd2429ff363844c9f693 Find out more about AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/HowWeWork
At Agrani we understand that requirement of each client is unique, so we perform our best to provide customized manpower solutions to our clients considering Clients' corporate culture, management style and philosophy. Also we save your valuable time by screening candidate before sending to you. It ensures that you get to meet with relevant people only. We work for almost all the sectors. Accounting manpower is our biggest strength. For any kind of Manpower Requirements you may please fill the details below and we will contact you soon.
Got any doubt or anything regarding the agregador tools ? then feel free to contact us.Our support team will reply back to you within 24 hours.We are group a team who love to hear back from the customers and visitors.You can also contact us for feedback about improving our page,improving our tool etc.Fill the necessary information given in the form below to contact us immediately.Are you contacting for about how to download agregador tool,then forget about it and navigate to our how to download page.
AGRICHEM AFRICA LIMITED is a Kenyan based agrochemical company providing safe, affordable and modern state-of-the art crop protection products and agro-inputs services to farmers. AGRICHEM AFRICA LIMITED devotes itself into providing new, creative and eco-friendly solutions when it comes to crop care and farming development. Our wide range of products for crop production and protection...Read More
Diseases are a major source of crop and plant damage that can be caused by a number of plant pathogenic (disease-causing) organisms. Fungi are the number one cause of crop loss worldwide. Symptoms resembling those caused by pathogens can be caused by abiotic (non-living) factors, such as nutrient deficiency and air pollution. Fungicides are biocides chemical compounds...Read More
Pesticides can be useful tools that provide significant benefits to society providing that they are used in a safe and responsible manner. Using pesticides incorrectly can put people and the environment at risk. If you use a pesticide when you don’t need to, you will be wasting money and increasing the possibility of pests becoming resistant. In some cases you might also damage the treated area. A pest, weed or disease being present does not justify taking action against it. For these reasons, you should take care when deciding whether or not to use a pesticide1. It is important to:
• Ask yourself whether you need to use a pesticide or whether there is another method of control or combination of methods you could use.
• Consider the financial loss, damage or visual effect caused by the pest, weed or disease and whether this outweighs the cost of using the pesticide.
• Consider whether the doses or concentrations of pesticides being used might damage the area being treated or the next crop planted there.
• If you decide to use a pesticide, plan how to use it properly. Is it possible to reduce the amount you use or the area you apply it to?
The most important source of information about a pesticide is the label. Manufacturers are required to provide information regarding what the pesticide is to be used for, how it can be used, how toxic it is, how to mix it, rate of application, precautions to take, re-entry times, kind of clothing and personal protective equipment needed, what the antidote is (if there is one), and the symptoms of poisoning if exposed to the pesticide. Other information about the use, storage, handling, or disposal of the pesticide may also be found on the label. Always read the label before purchasing, mixing, and applying a pesticide2. The importance of reading and following all label directions cannot be over emphasised3.
Proper training in the handling and application of pesticides is important, especially for professional applicators. In many countries it is a legal requirement that applicators hold a certificate to show that they have successfully completed a recognised training course.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has produced several leaflets on the safe use of pesticides for use pesticides in and around their homes4. In addition, they have issued a Worker Protection Standard5,6 which is designed to reduce the risks of illness or injury resulting from workers' and handlers' occupational exposures to pesticides used in the production of agricultural plants on farms or in nurseries, greenhouses, and forests and also from the accidental exposure of workers and other persons to such pesticides. It also gives workplace practices designed to reduce or eliminate exposure to pesticides and establishes procedures for responding to exposure-related emergencies.
In Australia useful documents have been produced by the South Australian government dealing with the responsible use of pesticides7 and the safe and effective use of pesticides for commercial spray operators8. The safe use of pesticides is also dealt with in the FAO International code of Conduct on the Distribution and Use of Pesticides9.
CropLife International has also produced a useful Guideline – Guidelines for the Safe and Effective Use of Crop Protection Products – which supports in-field training programmes for farmers, trainers and other agricultural workers using crop protection products, and which bring together advice and recommendations in a simplified form10. Other relevant guidelines published by CropLife International concern safe warehousing11, safe transportation12 and advice on personal protection when using pesticides in hot climates13.
2. Safe Use, Storage and Disposal of Pesticides, M. Steinwachs, University of Missouri Extension, WM6000, June 2007
3. Pesticide Safe Use Checklist, A.E. Brown, Maryland Co-operative Extension, University of Maryland, Pesticide Information Leaflet No. 11, Revised October 2003
http://www.croplifeafrica.org/uploads/File/forms/resource_center/guidelines/Guidelines%20for%20the%20safe%20warehousing%20of%20cropprotection%20produc.pdf
King tells the rather scary tale of Lyndon H. LaRouche, Jr., leader of various political groups, perennial fringe-candidate for the presidency, accused cult leader, and convicted conman. The book traces LaRouche's rise from obscurity as a Marxist and member of the 1960's New Left movement to his place at the forefront of America's extremist right at the head of the National Committee of Labor Caucuses, a group of loosely affiliated political organizatio...
The Orange Deafie Blog: Ind. House passes bill setting standards for sign language interpreters for deaf students
Official communication outlet of the Orange County Deaf Advocacy Center. Our official press releases and situational responses are found here.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — The Indiana House has unanimously passed a bill aimed in part at helping deaf students by setting state standards for sign language interpreters.
The bill passed the House on a 94-0 vote Monday, and now advances to Gov. Mitch Daniels for his consideration.
The measure requires the state Department of Education to set standards for sign language interpreters who provide services in educational settings. It would void existing state rules.
Bill sponsor state Rep. Gregory Porter notes that non-specialized teachers have certain standards that they must meet in order to teach Hoosier children.
The Indianapolis Democrat says Indiana's deaf students deserve the same considerations offered to the rest of the state's children.
You've probably seen a lot of rocket launches, but how many landings have you seen? If Elon Musk has his way, you're going to see a lot more in the future. His Falcon rockets are designed to take off and successfully land back on earth, so that they can be reused.
Below you can see SpaceX's third successful rocket landing. Even better, the footage was shot by a drone.
When I asked my roommate and friend since freshman year, Alaina, to come to Reproductive Writes – an ART of Infertility event – I had no idea how our friendship would change. Sitting at the workshop with other participants talking about their personal experiences with infertility, I suddenly found Alaina opening up. She shared with the group that she — herself — was created from IVF. Not only that, all of her siblings were also created using IVF.
Sitting there, hearing her story, I was surprised that this had never come up before! Alaina had always been close to her family, she would frequently go home to help out or even just hang out with her siblings and parents. I never really understood why, until she talked about how hard it was for her parents to get pregnant.
Walking back from Reproductive Writes that evening, Alaina shared with me how her parents decided to undergo IVF after her dad found out he was not able to have kids. Alaina was the first child to be born from their IVF cycle. Shortly after they had Alaina, and desiring a big family, they decided to go through another two rounds of IVF.
As Alaina opened up to me that night about her parents IVF story, our relationship changed for the better. We stayed up for 3+ hours chatting and crying from some of her most prominent childhood memories. Hearing her story explains it all. I cannot even imagine how hard Alaina’s childhood was and what her family went through, and is still going through. Hearing her story made me realize how strong Alaina is and I am so thankful to have such a loving, kind, and genuine friend like her.
Seeing the exhibit, Reflections of Reproductive Loss and Access to Care, during the Reproductive Writes event was an experience that touched very close to home. I have always been very thankful for IVF for basically giving me my entire life I have today. When my parents explained IVF to me throughout the years I never thought of it as not working, until I saw the exhibit. My understanding was that if you were infertile, most of the time IVF would work. However, seeing the artwork and the stories of others, I realize that is not the case. The process of IVF always amazed me – how it can work and how it did work for my family. However, after the exhibit I realized how thankful I am and how fortunate we were for this to work, not once but three times.
I knew going into the exhibit that I would be able to relate more to the artwork than some of the other people there. I also felt like I could relate to the pain by seeing IVF put a financial, medical, and stressful toll on my own parents. Being as close as I am with my family, it is a dream of mine to have a big family. With my family having fertility issues and being told they would not have children, it’s a fear of mine that I could be told the exact same thing.
I thought I could turn to IVF in a worst-case scenario, but going to the exhibit and hearing everyone’s complications and deeply sad stories, makes my worries much greater. Seeing others’ heartbreaking stories makes the fear that much more real. However, I believe everything happens for a reason and that I need to trust in the plan that is in store for me. I believe that my family is closer because of IVF. It made my parents value my life, and each of my siblings’ lives, so much more because they truly thought they would never have children of their own, and now they have three. I have IVF to thank for giving me my family and my own life. Without IVF, I wouldn’t have the people who matter most to me.
I thought the exhibit was a perfect time to open up to Kristen about being an IVF baby. IVF is not something that is talked about enough, and that was clearly verbalized throughout the conversation at the exhibit. I have always thought of Kristen as a great friend and someone I could really trust, but it just wasn’t a topic of conversation I knew how to bring up. Sharing at the exhibit that I was an IVF baby brought about more conversations afterward that really shared my feelings, my thoughts, and my journey into what made me. Kristen was the first friend I was able to deeply share that with. With Kristen interning for The ART of Infertility, I knew she was able to understand where I was coming from and could comprehend it more than any of my other friends.
Kristen, left, and Alaina, right, on the first day of their junior year at University of Wisconsin Oshkosh
Kristen and I have had many memories together. Being together the past two years, we have been there for each other during the highs and the lows. We are able to go through school together and spend late nights studying and cramming for exams. Kristen and I love having a good time and being able to spend basically everyday together.
I think my favorite memories of Alaina and I are just staying up late and talking about anything and everything. Alaina is extremely outgoing and talkative so our conversations are endless. She is all around the most bubbly person I know. Like with any college girl, there is usually “boy drama” which Lain and I have been each other’s rock for. We are always up front with each other and try to give our most honest input on certain situations.
This past Friday, the 13th of April, I was able to participate in Michigan State University’s 18th annual University Undergraduate Research and Arts Forum. The forum, which was held at the student Union on State’s campus, was an opportunity for students to summarize the research they had conducted throughout the year and present it in front of a public audience in the format of a poster.
As I arrived at the Union to present a synopsis of the work I have done with The ART of Infertility Project I was prepared to be disappointed. UURAF, while an opportunity to present research, is also a competition… one that I was sure would be dominated by STEM majors who would expertly present posters chock full of graphs, data charts, and ground-breaking findings. I felt that my poster, which displayed art from the project and the reality of a human story that cannot be quantified in the same way that other research can, would be out of place. I didn’t know, as I was clipping my poster to the stock board I had been provided, that I would leave the room after an hour and a half of presenting my findings feeling a huge sense of accomplishment.
I left UURAF wishing I could have stayed longer. The forum provided a space where I could accomplish one of my main goals of working with this project: to spread word of the reality of infertility and to display that art can be used as a means of conveying complex emotions. The poster I presented was broken into five sections: a break down of The ART of Infertility Project and what my role within the project has been, a description of the workshop— Reproductive Writes— held on State’s campus, my own artistic response to the topic of infertility, and a small section for facts about infertility. The last and largest section of the poster was taken up by interviews I had conducted with Annie Kuo and Madge Harris-Rowland, two women of color whose stories built a commentary on representation within the world of infertility. My favorite part of participating in UURAF was being able to spread the narrative of these two women whose varied experiences presented a reality outside of the often-assumed norm of infertility solely affecting white women.
I also really enjoyed interacting with interested passerby as well as the judges who would determine the winner within my category (Humanities and Performing Arts.) Everyone that I spoke to was interested in the project and asked questions. Their eyes widened in alarm when presented with the financial reality of trying to treat infertility, of looking into adoption or egg freezing. I was sharing knowledge with people that they didn’t previously have, and that was really rewarding. I even gave my email to a woman who wanted to know if the project was still taking submissions.
Overall, I really appreciated being able to share the work not only I— but Elizabeth, Maria and Robin—had done on the project. Presenting at UURAF put my research into perspective, it let me see a reflection of the work I had done this semester—work that I am proud of and that I hope will impact those who were able to witness it and spread awareness of the reality of infertility.
We were all excited to learn that Juliette’s poster won first place in her division, Humanities and the Performing Arts. Congratulations, Juliette!
An intro to our Michigan State University (MSU) Undergraduate Research Intern, Juliette Givhan, and her take on our recent Reproductive Writes workshop at MSU.
My name is Juliette Givhan and I’m a new addition to The ART of Infertility team. I joined Elizabeth, Maria, and Robin with the goal of helping them organize, analyze, procure, and ultimately anthologize the creative materials surrounding infertility and reproductive rights generated for this project.
I study at Michigan State University where I’m near the end of the pursuit of an English degree with a concentration in creative writing and a minor in African American and African Studies. I’m a poet and I write from my individual experience as a Black American. My writing has been shaped by this focus and I’ve come to realize that this has often involved an erasure of my experiences as a woman. I find that where I am proud to be Black and have always felt a strong need to express my Blackness, I rarely uplift and take pride in my identity as a woman.
When I think of what it means to be a woman I think of the stereotypes of femininity sculpted by patriarchal influences: the mother of many children figure, the stay at home domestic goddess figure, etc. Since I have never fit into any of these roles I have rarely thought about or processed the reality of my own identity as a female, one defined by my own experiences. My goal with this project, then, is to embrace the fact that my actions- the daily experiences that collect as my identity- need to also have a stage on which to be addressed. I think working on The ART of Infertility Project is going to offer the space for my writing and thinking to take this first step.
Infertility as a topic of research is something that I am interested in learning more about because of how much I don’t know. I have had connections with IF before in the women on one side of my family, who have repeatedly experienced complications with pregnancies and conceiving, but I don’t know the facts or figures. I don’t know the emotional toll IF has on people, or how to accept that a reality might exist in my own life that means one day I might not be able to have the children that I don’t even know if I want.
I find how this project uses art to express these difficult, diverse, and complex issues to be extremely comforting. Art is the medium I have personally used to express myself, so I believe in its power of expression and healing. I’m looking forward to helping create an anthology of this projects work because a tangible and accessible collection could potentially connect so many people who could benefit from this community of support.
The Reproductive Writes workshop that took place in the LookOut! Gallery on Michigan State University’s campus was the first time I’ve been to a workshop that addressed the issue of reproductive rights. When I started working on The ART of Infertility Project I knew very little about reproductive rights because it was not something that I ever heard talked about. Our society censors information about the human body, especially the female body, and this gap of information has largely left me ignorant to the issues that exist and affect the people of this country. I came to the event excited to deconstruct my own ignorance in these topics and nervous at admit to how much I didn’t know.
We started the evening with a question: what does reproductive rights mean to you? After having time to reflect those who chose were able to share their definitions. This moment was particularly interesting for me because no two definitions were the same, though parallels certainly existed. One woman defined reproductive rights as wanting to end the stigmatism she felt from outsiders who expected her to be pregnant because of her position as someone’s wife. Another’s definition was having the right to choose whether to have a child and letting that option belong to the individual it affected. My own definition of reproductive rights was having access to affordable healthcare to support a fetus and later a child. I realized that as a broke college student, my definition of reproductive rights was bound to be different than someone who was married or someone who was diagnosed as infertile.
Realizing that the definition of reproductive rights was fluid was as empowering as it was obvious… after I’d given it some thought. Though the room only held about fifteen people, several diverse backgrounds were represented. There were undergraduate students new to the conversation like myself, a graduate student, a nurse familiar with the medical side of working with IF, women from the MSU and Lansing community, even a man who used a penis shaped poem to portray his interpretation of reproductive rights. Each voice had its own story to tell and interpretation to make and I appreciated hearing all of them.
Having had some time to reflect on the workshop I think my main take away was that more spaces like these need to exist, where people from diverse backgrounds can come together and talk about the realities that exist for them. Being in a space to talk about these things and make poetry and have discussion was a relief after so many years of silence. I think more people need to have the chance of experiencing something like Reproductive Writes because spreading awareness of issues is the best way, in my opinion, to end ignorance.
Posted in art activism, guest blog, workshops	| Tagged African American Studies, East Lansing, Elizabeth Horn-Walker, Elizabeth Walker, feminism, identity, infertility, infertility art, infertility workshop, infertility writing, Juliette Givhan, Lansing, LookOut Gallery, Maria Novotny, Michigan State University, reproductive rights, Reproductive Writes, Robin Silbergleid, The ART of Infertility, the female body, trouble trying to conceive, writing workshop	| Leave a reply
Last week, we held our Reproductive Writes workshop at University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. Our marketing and communications intern, Kristen Mahan, attended the event and shares a reflection on that experience with us today. On Wednesday, starting at 7 pm, we’ll hold our Reproductive Writes workshop at Michigan State University. We have some spots left and would love to see you there. You can find out more and reserve your seat at http://bit.ly/reprowritesmsu2018tickets
As a new ART of Infertility marketing intern, attending the Reproductive Writes workshop at the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh was extremely eye-opening. I have been working with The ART of Infertility for over two months, but I was never able to see the nonprofit in action. Viewing and reading the captions of the artwork from infertility patients was saddening and it gave me a different perspective of eventually having kids. I brought my two roommates to the event and we all agreed this is something that has barely crossed our minds. We realized as young women, that we are so worried about taking the pill or getting an IUD and trying not to get pregnant, that in all reality there’s a high chance that when we finally do want kids, it may not happen.
Maria speaks to a group at Reproductive Writes, University of Wisconsin Oshkosh on February 21, 2018.
I consider myself to be someone who is fairly up-to-date on political issues going on in our country. However, I had barely considered the impact of the regulations regarding infertility. Listening to a male speak out at the event on his infertility journey of paying out of pocket for five failed IVF treatments was astonishing. For people suffering from infertility and then not being able to afford treatments with no help from the government is heartbreaking.
Attending The ART of Infertility’s Reproductive Writes event pushed me to step outside of my comfort zone and confirmed that my energy being put into this organization is for an amazing cause for an agonizing disability that can affect anyone.
Posted in guest blog, workshops, writing	| Tagged marketing and communications internship, reproductive rights, Reproductive Writes, writing workshop	| Leave a reply
Categories: Landscapes, California Coast Series Tags: dark sunset, ocean nightfall, ocean reflection, oil painting, original oil painting, sunset, sunset painting
This little painting was inspired by those amazing sunsets that we see among the west coast. I love it when it hits the water and reflects. I can just sit and stare for hours. But it only lasts moments; however in those magnificent moments is when that magic in the sky happens. That is what I wanted to capture in this painting, yet small, still with an impact of the ocean at night fall.
All shipping is priced at $20.00 for USPS Flat Rate Shipping. This is an average cost when shipped in the United States from San Diego, CA.
Shipping cost can rise if shipped to Puerto Rico, Alaska and Hawaii. Please contact Tesa for a shipping quote.
Height: 4" Width: 6" Components: dark sunset, ocean nightfall, ocean reflection, oil painting, original oil painting, sunset, sunset painting
Art has always been apart of me. It is who I am. I love not only intense tones and values but intense colors. I want my paintings to speak to you and move you when you look at them. I want my painting to make you wish you could step into them. I hope you will feel the intensity in my paintings that I strive for and enjoy them as much as I enjoy creating them.
**For handicap patrons only, we offer curbside pickup of food orders for those who require additional assistance.**
We stopped in on a lark and had one of the best meals of our lives. That was two years ago, now we come in at least every month!
This March marks the 5th anniv of the Invasion of Iraq. Yeah I can't believe it's gone on for so long...
Share your thoughts about the initial movement, the reasons, consequences, progression/regression? Has it affected you personally in any way?
Or just leave a post leave your condolences in memory of all soldiers and civilians who have lost their lives. Regards x
Posted on September 24, 2016 September 24, 2016 StephenLeave a commentPosted in How to Be Cooler Than Your Friends, Season 2
Alums from this failed health tech start-up now hold key roles at Apple, Amazon, Alphabet and others
This page is about 2015 subaru impreza interior dimensions, and blog http://www.crazycampsongs.com has written some articles related to it.
Thank you for your time, and don't hesitate to ask questions about 2015 subaru impreza interior dimensions, we will eventually come up with answers.
If you would like to see information about 2015 subaru impreza interior dimensions, you may simply click on one of the links down below.
I have the honor of being included in an awesome compilation of over 90 poets from around the world!! Here it is... The dVerse Anthology: Voices of Contemporary World Poetry!!
I struggle with picking my brain; scooping out thoughts laced within each other.There are so many to choose, therefore I have nothing to say.Untangling them in order to focus on one proves to be rather complicated.That's what happens when your me.Don't confuse it with being shy, it's more like being deep.
Sit with me awhile; provide me with some quiet encouragment.As words appear in a ghostly form to hang before my eyes, ideas begin to materialize.Sentences flow freely from the tip of my pen.A story is fast approaching.My mind is no longer in the present; I am no longer me.Notice my meditation, but do not disturb.I can not tolerate disruption.
My escape from reality is short lived; I have been productive in my absence.I have written.Whatever it has become is no concern to me.It's all the same; my thoughts and dreams.You are welcome to take a peek anytime you please.
Crazy, poetic life by Dana Dampier is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License. All poems and pictures belong to her unless otherwise attributed.(Please don't copy my work... it's impolite!)
We are Connecticut's, New York design agency that can help your creative marketing take center stage.
Open doors to new business. Or win new business from existing customers. We'll do it right the first time by providing your business with a sound strategy, message and creative collateral to achieve your goals and diverse objectives.
Give us a challenge and let us run with it! We'll put you on the right track (like the A-Train!) and help keep pace with all your creative and marketing needs.
to your marketing collateral, our strategic approach and creative executions can help your company differentiate itself from your competitors and build your brand.
We strive to keep our clients competitively at the forefront of their industries by crafting strong and smart design strategies and creative solutions for print and online. Our experience, understanding and passion for print design translates into the perfect formula for helping clients further develop their business, establish a strong branding, and integrate their print materials with online communication resources.
Stand out in the crowd of millions! Your brand identity speaks volumes. Our design approach brings a fresh, contemporary style to your business image. You've shopped around for the right creative. Now you can rest easy. As your complete outsource solution, we can create a visual that not only looks appealing but also communicates a strong message.
Taking your business to the next level is our specialty. Let us serve up a five-star promotional campaign with just the right zing.
© 2018 - We do not claim ownership to any content found on this site. All images are copyright to their respective owners.
Sheerios, get ready to get up close and personal with Ed Sheeran in a new MTV documentary, 'Nine Days and Nights of Ed Sheeran,' set to air on June 10. Can't wait until then? Check out the first sneak peek of the documentary trailer below.
"I never thought I'd be in the place I am now after such a successful first album," the ginger-haired Brit revealed in between shots of him performing and greeting fans. "It's literally a make or break situation." Talk about intense!
According to MTV.com, the hour-long doc will follow Sheeran "at a critical turning point at his life and his career" as he prepares for the June 23 release of his sophomore album, 'X.' And get ready for some seriously big-name guest appearances, as Sheeran's doc will also feature appearances by his good friends (and collaborators) Taylor Swift and Pharrell.
Be sure to tune in to 'Nine Days and Nights of Ed Sheeran' on June 10 on MTV at 11 PM ET, and check out the sneak peek of the doc below!
Lucy has worked with loads of big brands and her work is going to be featured in December 2014 UK Vogue. We could tell she knew her stuff about makeup just by looking at her winged liner - in impeccable condition! Lucy was really enthusiastic about Topshops make up line and showed us how to use different products, answered any questions we had and let us try bits on too!
The Personal Shoppers showed us outfits they had put together that fit in perfect for Summer but they also got us thinking and preparing for Autumn. Monikh and Alva both have such an eye for creating outfits with interesting silhouettes and colour palettes. We both loved every single outfit!
Thank you so much to Topshop for such a lovely evening. We tried Sushi for the first time in ages, learnt some great new makeup tricks and met some lovely girls!
Labels: adventures, dressed by katy, dressed by lucy, dressed by two, dressedbytwo, duo blog, katy, katy and lucy, lucy, lucy bridge, personal shopping, Topshop, topshop knightsbridge, topshop personal shopping
Polka Dots Style: The trend of the moment polka dots is turning up in this fall winter. Check out the latest ideas on how polka dots fashion which is rated as the trend for this fall and winter with new BowBie Game Polka Dots Fashion.
Classement par : Articles commençant par A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
On this page we will have links to articles and associations that will provide additional information on our consulting firm's specialty.
4th of October 2017 will be evergreen in the hearts of many. On this day ALERT NIGERIA/IOLED was launched in…
De Rosa Merak from Malaysia - De Rosa Merak De Rosa Merak Photos by: Zhafarul --- Dear De Rosa fans, in case you want to contribute to my blog feel free to send in your photos, stories...
I had my interview with Goizueta Business School (Emory) last Friday.. The interview was mostly conversational with no tricks or traps. ( at least none that I could locate 🙂 ) The interview started with the interviewer explaining to me about how the interview will proceed and how the interview fits in the entire process. […]
So it was the day for my second MBA interview. Strangely enough, I had not felt any nervousness till the day before. But as I got up in the morning, I had started feeling anxious about the interview. I had planned a healthy breakfast considering that the interview was scheduled at 11:10 and it would […]
Some followers of this blog and a couple of Pagalguy members have asked me on my “tips” for Fuqua essays in particular. Now, I am not sure whether I am qualified enough to give any tips (5 more days before i get to know about it 😀 ), but I can surely discuss my take […]
Had my Fuqua interview yesterday.. As I had posted earlier, the school had offered me a telephonic interview with a Delhi-based alum, but fortunately, the interviewer was interested in a face-to-face interview too.(Putting myself in his shoes, if I were to choose a candidate for my alma-mater,I too would prefer to meet him in person […]
FInally, my first set of drafts for my first school are ready.. Exceeded the personal deadline set by myself by a day, but still I’m happy that at last, I’ve some thing ready.. I’ve sent these essays to my reviewers:: two of my close college-friends and one of my recommenders. Have also written to a […]
Okay, This might be an old news..(precisely 2 weeks old) But as I checked the ISB site 2 days back, I found that the application-portal is up and the essays are out as well. As some of the regular visitors of the blog may know, ISB is one school that never left my list since […]
A style of wallpaper that has a render, within a shape, on top of a nature/urban background. Shapes are typically white/black in color. Background is often blurred around the shape, and left unblurred in the middle. Text is sometimes added.
A giant banner was unfurled at Paris' Alexander III bridge on Saturday as the city marked the last day of its final push to host the 2024 Olympics. The French capital transformed itself on Friday into a giant Olympic park as part of its final campaign to woo officials from the International Olympic Committee. Paris and U.S. rival Los Angeles are the only two cities bidding to stage the 2024 Olympics, and the French capital held a string events over the weekend to promote its credentials. Paris… Let the pictures do the talking: subscribe to No Comment http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=NoCommentTV No Comment is brought to you by euronews, the most watched news channel in Europe. Find us on: Youtube http://eurone.ws/yDXQ7c Facebook http://eurone.ws/110HFkw Twitter http://eurone.ws/ZuMzJb euronews.com http://eurone.ws/17qIsCK
Every Olympic host country faces a question after the Olympics end: What should happen with the stadiums and sports venues it built? Some countries have come up with creative uses for the venues, but many of those facilities end up abandoned. Here's a look at the "afterlives" of some of the athletic venues built for some recent Olympic games. SUBSCRIBE: https://goo.gl/kdDpXu FOLLOW QUARTZ: Facebook: https://goo.gl/DsmLvx Twitter: https://goo.gl/rY7pSX Check out the rest of our videos: https://goo.gl/A8gZvx Quartz is a digitally native news outlet dedicated to telling stories at the intersection of the important and the interesting. Visit us at https://qz.com/ to read more.
Rio de Janeiro Brasil sede das Olimpíadas de 2016 - Tema Oficial dos Jogos Olímpicos do Rio de Janeiro 2016 The host city for an Olympic Games is usually chosen seven years ahead of their celebration.[143] The process of selection is currently carried out in two phases that span over a two-year period. The prospective host city first applies to its country's Olympic Committee; if more than one city from the same country submits a proposal to its NOC, the national committee typically holds an internal selection, since only one city per NOC can be presented to the International Olympic Committee for consideration. Once the deadline for submission of proposals by the NOCs is reached, the first phase (Application) begins with the applicant cities asked to complete a questionnaire regarding several key criteria related to the organization of the Olympic Games.[144] In this form, the applicants must give assurances that they will comply with the Olympic Charter and with any other regulations established by the IOC Executive Committee.[143] The evaluation of the filled questionnaires by a specialized group provides the IOC with an overview of each applicant's project and their potential to host the Games. Based on this technical evaluation, the IOC Excutive Board selects the applicants that will proceed to the candidature stage.[144] Once the candidate cities are selected, they must submit to the IOC a bigger and more detailed presentation of their project as part of a candidature file. Each city is thoroughly analyzed by an evaluation commission. This commission will also visit the candidate cities, interviewing local officials and inspecting prospective venue sites, and submits a report on its findings one month prior to the IOC final decision. During the interview process the candidate city must also guarantee that it will be able to fund the Games.[143] After the work of the evaluation commission, a list of candidates is presented to the General Session of the IOC, which is assembled in a country that must not have a candidate city in the running. The IOC members gathered in the Session have the final vote on the host city. Once elected, the host city bid committee (together with the NOC of the respective country) signs a Host City Contract with the IOC, officially becoming an Olympic host nation and host city.[143] By 2016, the Olympic Games will have been hosted by 44 cities in 23 countries, but by cities outside Europe and North America on only eight occasions. Since the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, the Olympics have been held in Asia or Oceania four times, a sharp increase when compared to the three times in the previous 92 years of modern Olympic history. The 2016 Games in Rio will be the first for South America. No bids from countries in Africa have ever succeeded. The countries that sent the most athletes to the 2008 Summer Olympics are China with 639, the United States with 596, and Russia who brought 455 athletes.[145] The United States has hosted four Summer and four Winter Olympics, more than any other nation. Among Summer Olympics host nations, the United Kingdom has been the host of two Games, and will host its third Olympics in 2012. Germany, Australia, France, and Greece are the other nations to have hosted the Summer Olympics twice. Concerning the Winter Olympics, France took the hosting job for three times, while Switzerland, Austria, Norway, Japan, and Italy have done it twice. The next Games, to be held in Vancouver, will be Canada's second Winter Olympics and third overall.
For the IOC 130th Session to be hosted in Lausanne, Switzerland (the “Session”), the International Olympic Committee (“IOC”) will make available content and highlights (the “Coverage”) to broadcasters and other bona fide media organisations, subject to the following terms and conditions. 1. Editorial purpose: The coverage of the Session shall be used for editorial purposes only and shall not be commercialized in any way. 2. Content available: A live broadcast feed/stream of the Coverage will also be available via the Olympic Channel, with the possibility to be embedded on websites and platforms controlled by all broadcasters and bona fide news media organisations. 3. Linear Broadcast: Broadcasters may broadcast the Coverage, in whole or in part, either live or for a maximum of seventy-two (72) hours after each meetings or event of the Session (the “Linear Term”). 4. Non-linear/On-demand Broadcast: Broadcasters and bona fide media organisations may make available the Coverage, in whole or in part, either live or on demand, without time or territorial restriction until thirty (30) days after each meetings or event of the Session (the “Non-linear Term”). 5. No sponsoring / No association: Without limiting paragraph 1, the Linear Broadcast or the Non-linear/On-demand Broadcast shall not be sponsored in any way which gives the impression that third parties are linked to the Candidate Cities or to the IOC, the Olympic Games or the Olympic Movement, unless such third parties are Olympic sponsors in the territory in which such broadcasts take place. In particular, no sponsorship or commercial/ad superimposition on the video footage is permitted, unless with the IOC’s prior written consent. No association with the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad and/or the Candidate Cities is permitted, unless based on the rights granted by the IOC pursuant to a standing agreement between the IOC and a Rights-Holding Broadcast or a TOP Sponsors. 6. Use after the Session: Upon expiration of the Linear Term and the Non-linear Term, broadcasters and bona fide media organisations may broadcast/make available only short excerpts for news reporting purposes in regularly scheduled news programmes. III. CONTACT INFORMATION For any issue related to these NARs, including reporting on infringements, please contact: newsaccessrules@olympic.org For accessing IOC Pool Coverage, please contact: iocsession@obs.tv For obtaining Olympic archival content, please contact: images@olympic.org
Oct. 2 (Bloomberg) Harvey Newman, a professor at Georgia State University, talks with Bloombergs Scarlet Fu about his research into the economic impact of hosting Olympics games. The International Olympic Committee will announce a winner for the 2016 Summer Games from among Chicago, Madrid, Rio de Janeiro and Tokyo.(Source: Bloomberg)
Some Olympic games have left ghost towns in host cities. Rio is looking to buck that trend according to Tania Braga, head of Rio's sustainability team.
If this document matches the user guide, instructions manual or user manual, feature sets, schematics you are looking for, download it now. Lastmanuals provides you a fast and easy access to the user manual KENWOOD KDC-152. We hope that this KENWOOD KDC-152 user guide will be useful to you.
Click on "Download the user Manual" at the end of this Contract if you accept its terms, the downloading of the manual KENWOOD KDC-152 will begin.
Select Month May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 September 2012 May 2012 February 2012 September 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009
Tomorrow, thousands of school leaders, administrators, educators, technologists and other education professionals will gather in Orlando for the 38th National Future of Education Technology Conference (FETC) to learn about the latest advancements in edtech. Through more than 600 sessions, keynotes, workshops and skill-building demonstrations, attendees will learn about the best practices, new ideas and success stories on how cutting-edge technology can improve education at their schools and districts.
The value of attending FETC 2018 is clear. Attendees get a front row seat to the new tools and solutions transforming education, hands-on presentations on how they can be used to maximum benefit and a look at the industry’s newest and most transformative solutions. And while the information presented throughout the conference is designed to provide actionable insights and strategies attendees can bring back to their districts, making sure those lessons stick and improvements are made can sometimes be a challenge.
So what can you do to ensure you not only take back your FETC learnings, but implement the knowledge gained to drive improvement throughout the year? Consider the following strategies to help you get the most during the conference – and long after.
Spend your time wisely: With over 600 sessions, there is a lot of information to learn at FETC; but it’s important to attend those specific to your district’s unique challenges and what you’re trying to change. Before heading to Orlando, browse the session agenda, and with the My Sessions tool, you can create your own schedule to make sure you attend those sessions that are most relevant and insightful.
Take notes…or tweet or blog: Key to implementing new ideas from the conference is to make sure you keep track of what you learn. Whether typing away notes on your phone or tablet or with a pen and paper, live-tweeting key points or writing a blog at the end of the day, recording what you learn, how it will help drive improvement and the steps to make it happen will keep those lessons from FETC front of mind and actionable post-event.
Share what you learn: To make any change at your district, you’ll need to proactively share the transformative strategies picked up at the conference with district leaders, colleagues and other stakeholders. Whether giving a presentation to the board or setting up training or knowledge transfer sessions, it is important to pass the new information learned at the conference to those who can help implement those critical initiatives.
Make a plan: To turn those learnings into action, it is important to create a plan of actionable steps that can be taken following the conference. From the small things that can be implemented immediately, to creating a strategy for rolling out new initiatives in the next 3, 6 or 9 months, laying out the steps is key to turning the lessons from FETC into real improvement.
Stay connected: During the conference, you’ll meet peers from schools across the country trying to solve the very same challenges you have. With ample opportunity to network during the conference program and plenty to do at night, you can build connections with fellow attendees. By staying in touch with them afterwards, you’ll learn how they are implementing key changes, and get new ideas for what may work at your own school or district.
Stay informed: Adopting technology to improve how students learn is never a one and done deal, it should be ongoing, and so should the way you learn. FETC is committed to providing the latest updates and information about edtech. Even after the conference is over, we’ll still be sharing news, pushing out our Future of Ed Tech newsletter and updating the blog. So make sure you come back to our website – you’ll also get the first look at the 2018 event!
FETC 2018 is right around the corner – and you’ll want to get the most out of this unique event to gain new insight to use at your school or district. Using the above tips, you can make sure you leverage your FETC learnings to drive improvement immediately following the conference, and throughout the year ahead.
The Future of Education Technology Conference (FETC), the largest, national, independent education technology conference, annually attracts thousands of education and technology leaders from around the world. Delivering strategies and best practices for student success and schoolwide advancement, FETC is known as one of the nation’s premier education technology events! Recognized for its outstanding program year after year, FETC provides CTOs, CIOs, Innovation Directors, Special Ed/Pupil Services Directors, Early Childhood Directors, Media Specialists, Technologists, Administrators and other Educators, the opportunity to explore the most effective integration of technology across the curriculum — from preK-12 — through premium sessions, intensive workshops, various concurrent sessions, live demonstrations of several hundred hardware and software products, plus much more. Visit www.FETC.org more more details
Below you can see 30 more photos of the car Chery Eastar, as well as to get acquainted with the characteristics of the car Chery Eastar
Autotrans - a catalog of the most popular car models. The catalog presents 68 brands of vehicles, including cars Chery Eastar. Here you will find a huge number of brands and models. Find out the size, fuel consumption, especially engines, suspensions, and other technical specs of automobiles.
Autotras is the most complete catalog of automobiles, which has all the most popular models from the best manufacturers. All car brands contain not only detailed description of the vehicle, but also photos of cars. Chery Eastar approved
Well, it looks like I haven't posted in awhile. School is almost done for the year which I'm so glad about. My grades are still pretty much the same. I got A+'s on two of my homework assignments-spelling and vocab, and social studies.
I would have done worse on the social studies one which was on naming all the states but Ms. Merriman helped me when she had me stay after, a couple weeks ago...
She also had me stay after yesterday because...well...I, uh...didn't do so well on my...math and science tests... (I got a C+ and C-, respectively). Originally my plan was to just sneak out of the classroom because I really hate having to talk to my teachers; I see a paper with a "Please see me" on it and I try to ignore it because I'm too scared to go up to my teachers. Especially if it's because I didn't do too well.
But...Ms. Merriman stopped beside my desk and told me to stay after for a bit. So as much as I wanted to just sneak out of the classroom as quickly as I could, I probably would have gotten caught anyway. And of course Ms. Merriman wanted to talk to me about the two tests. With the math one, it was on multiplying fractions and having to reduce them if possible. I hate fractions! I'm not good at simplifying them. It's so confusing, unless it's something easy like 25/50. That's 1/2 since 25 is half of 50. But something like 35/120 confuses me. Ms. Merriman did try to explain it to me again and had me practice a couple of the problems I had gotten wrong (actually I got half points for getting the multiplication part right). Then she gave me five more fractions to simplify last night for more practice. I managed to get three of them right but I couldn't figure one out and another wasn't simplified enough apparently. I did somehow manage to get up the courage to come to school a few minutes early today so that I could get help on the two questions. And for doing the five questions, Ms. Merriman did give me extra credit points on my quiz.
Oh no! Speaking of extra credit, I have to do a planet chart and write about a state if I want any extra credit for science and social studies-and they're due tomorrow! And I've known about them for a couple weeks because Ms. Merriman told me about them at the meeting two weeks ago...and of course I've kept putting it off. What am I going to do?
*Not that Ms. Merriman is a bad teacher or anything. She's been nice and helpful, like Mrs. Halliwell. I just don't like school! It's wicked boring most of the time. And I get nervous around my teachers.
PS. How ironic is it that I hate school but so many of my blog posts seem to be school-related?But I digress.
I'm Susie Mae Kent, an American Girl doll AGT #24. I'm usually shy and quiet, especially around those I don't know well. I love cats, sheep, dolls, baking, acting, singing and writing. Sometimes a few of my other friends might post here, too.
hi - hi! if you are reading this/ have the blogspot site bookmarked, please update to ☞ http://bikesandthecity.com/ ps. *new post today* [here] thx :) M.
#tbt | This is a Weekend. - With some changes on the horizon and a few things in the works I’ve been looking back at old content. Here’s one of my favorite old flicks from the early d...
FINITO - Life moves on, interests change, and after almost 9 years of blogging it's time to say goodbye. More than ever I'm an avid cyclist so there is less and les...
The deal is simple. Fill out the form on the right hand side of the page. If your name gets drawn, we will send you an email and strike a deal on what merch you want. It can be anything from a Test, ODI or T20 shirt, perhaps a training polo and hat, or maybe just a stubby cooler... All from the team of your choice.
That’s right, we will scroll through their website to find what they have available and get something to your liking. The best thing is, once you have signed up you are in the draw every month. The only catch is, you can’t win two months in a row, and we get to send you an email to update you on the latest each week.
Our promise to you is that we will not give your details to anyone without your consent. Sound good? Put your details down and keep an eye on your emails.
Happy birthday to an amazing wife and mother, there are a lot of great ages but this is probably the most special number to be 
This must be the email address associated with your account. If you have not changed this via your user control panel then it is the email address you registered your account with.
PC and Laptop Repairs in your home or office. Free quotes and Flat rates. Friendly service with easy to understand
Quick, efficient and friendly computer service High quality mobile computer service, repairing and consulting for domestic and commercial business
50 of today's hottest board games are set up on-site for you to play. TLD's Board Game Guru will be available if you need assistance or recommendations! Our library is always rotating. You can find an up to date library list on the website www.theloadeddie.com.
1 Austin Event bartender - holiday party — Drink Slingers -TABC-certified Austin bartenders for hire
We provide some special services to our special client like company and high profile gentlemen. Once you'll be in our contact be free from each variety of stress. Our call ladies in Hotel Vikaspuri ar terribly aesthetical with attractive figure which is able to cause you to crazy with their look. Once you'll contact our Hotel Vikaspuri Call girl Services get sensual call girl companion which is able to make some time unforgettable and memorable for you.
Our female escorts of Hotel Vikaspuri are very much skilled and that they forever stay continue their profession. They never reveal the identity of their client. They apprehend all the horny Girls and sex connected poses that a person is looking in their sexy partner. Our escorts shrewdness to tackle a person with new moves and with correct grace.You will get each variety of services from our Hotel Vikaspuri escort services. Punjabi Escorts in Vikaspuri we tend to ar here to serve you at any time at any place. we offer every type of services to our shopper, our shopper simply Need to provide us a touch. Our sensual female companion can cause you to happy in each approach. they're therefore well behaved that you simply will take them to geological dating, dinners, parties or perhaps for Nights out. they're available for you in any circumstance when a person needs them. they're going to build your night wholly interesting and pleasant.
Hello Guys we are providing foreigner Escort Girls near International and Domestic Hotel Vikaspuri. Our Agency working Seven days and if you are traveling in Delhi by Flight so come Hotel Vikaspuri withing 5minute distance in available Vip Hotel Like 2,3,4,5 Star Hotel in normal Budget, Russian Escort Girls, Vip Russian Girls, High profile Russian, Sexy nude Russian, Top Russian Girls, High profile Model Russian etc. type Russian Girls Available here.
Russian Girls Available in Hotel Vikaspuri Escort Girls has been ready to be a bit of cluster and is picked by the distinctive people. These ranges area unit ready and have parts and aptitudes that you simply are staggered to look at. Russian Girls and Indian Girls Available here there appearance and twisted decide can create men get the fantasy of obtaining set with them. This region are often taken out for a date. Russian Profile - Punjabi Escorts in Vikaspuri starting beautifully they will be your awing companion and hold your facet after you area unit free between your call girl. This region will create your night in depth, which can’t be traditional. These Airport zones area unit sanely guided and shrewdness to accumulate on the cluster.I am forever wear brightand sexy garments. decision Maine for a lot of details and that we will book an exiting meeting with you.I would almost like meet you for a hot plesure time! I do sexy massage, usual sex, oral sex, and check out my particular deep throat. I actually have slim & horny body with a smile.
Escort Girls in delhi with Photos - At our Delhi Escort Girls Agency, we've got a robust portfolio that is gift for you merely, our city Delhi decision Escorts Girl in five star hotels area unit very high profile female companion Escorts girls in Delhi and provide you finest companionship, All city Escort Girls photos area unit original and you'll be able to get photos via message after you decision Delhi. At our Escorts Agency you'll be able to realize the attractive, sensual call girl of your dream through our high profile city Escorts girls services. we promise you that you just will get 100% satisfaction and pleasure with any of our attractive sexy female available in city in 5 star hotels. We are one in every of the best Escorts girls Service provider in city. The Escorts girl in city Delhi 5 star Hotels area unit the best supplier of hot escorts lady service in Delhi Hotels, Delhi NCR, Gurgaon and each a part of city. city five Star building Escort Girls is famous due to quality time they provide in night, may be a target of business center. several national and worldwide firms head workplace and branch offices area unit exist in city Delhi nd many high-status business man’s and key Escort Girls in Delhi stay in world’s finest hotels that is exist in Delhi India. These high-class individuals rent independent low cost call women through our freelance city High-profile escorts Girls services for his or her non-public work. These position Escort Girls gives them company and feel being a special person to whom they will love, share, expressed and explore the eagerness of affection.
Our reputation is merely best city bawd service supplier everywhere in Delhi Gurgaon and noida as we've got the best quality in terms of girls attribute. Most of the person desires hot, sexy, sensible, cooperative, passion, high-class Models, independent, top awing figure , girlfriend companion city women for sex and beside style go along with Russian, western foreign high profile women. therefore what you're awaiting simply call American. What you would like is what we offer, Our city Escort Girls area unit self-analysing, totally cooperating women they acumen to seduce their men in order that enjoyment is on high potential. They perceive therefore quick what my man need from me and that they have special qualities to perform in world-class manner in Delhi india.
Escorts Service in Gurgaon, Independent Escorts in Noida, Escort Girls in Faridabad, Hi profile Escorts in Mumbai, Escorts Service in Jaipur, Russian Escorts in Delhi, Russian Escorts in Gurgaon, Sexy Escort Girls in Vikaspuri, Delhi, Escort Girls in Vikaspuri, Delhi, Escort Girls in Connaught Place, Delhi, Indian Female Escort Girls in Karol Bagh, Delhi, Russian Escorts in Connaught Place, Escorts Service in Chanakyapuri,Escort Girls in Paharganj, Delhi , Aerocity , Chanakyapuri , Connaught Place , C R Park , Delhi , DLF Phase 1 , Vikaspuri , Greater Kailash , Gurgaon,Huda Metro , IFFCO Chowk , Karol Bagh , Lajpat Nagar , Vikaspuri , Maneshar , New Delhi , Noida , Okhla,Paharganj , Saket , Sohna Road , South Ex , Surajkund , Vasant Kunj , Vikaspuri Karol bagh/paharganj, Escorts In Karol bagh, Independent Escorts In Karol bagh, Housewife Escorts In Karol bagh, Sexy Escorts In Karol bagh, Punjabi Escorts In Karol bagh, Models Escorts In Karol bagh, VIP Escorts In Karol bagh, Escorts In paharganj, Independent Escorts In paharganj, Housewife Escorts In paharganj, Sexy Escorts In paharganj, Punjabi Escorts In paharganj, Models Escorts In paharganj,VIP Escorts In paharganj
Bucknell no longer participates in the PALCI/E-ZBorrow program; all interlibrary loan requests should go through ILLiad. ILLiad will first search and request books from all schools that participated in E-ZBorrow, so ILLiad will provide identical, if not better, services than E-ZBorrow. For additional information or assistance, please contact the Equipment Desk at 570.577.7733 or equipdesk@bucknell.edu. Keywords: EZ […]
Log in to your ILLiad account and select ‘Checked Out Items’ from the list and request renewals for the items you have charged out. Renewals cannot be requested for items that are already due or overdue. If you have additional questions, contact the interlibrary loan department at illdept@bucknell.edu or by phone at 7-3249. For additional […]
Inter the day, I can be found young in profilw mineralogy cubicle, Pof dating profile tapping my mosaic with hopes of getting a new overall cating on Albite Crush. Big about the world just speaks to me On our first ball, I'll fly you to Mineralogy on my how jet, where we'll in Celine Dion big live in concert. My cat Scott specimens to meet new specimens, but if you're no to fur, the two of you always won't get along. By are more cringe-worthy headlines than we ancient possible.
Also a fan of adjectives. A wizard in the kitchen. Profike Ramsey once told me that I was his idol Ok, xating not, but I'm sure he'd love the flavor of my home-made gnocci. I've set foot on 5 continents and have a thirst for exploring more. I hope to one day go vacationing on Mars as I've heard the mountains are glorious. Full of random and oftentimes useless information. I will kick your butt at Trivial Pursuit.
Intelligent, sweet, down-to-earth and Pof dating profile. Bonus points if you're a little bit quirky. I'm attracted to people who set big goals and put all their effort into pursuing them. Even if your life's dream is to become the Pof dating profile greatest thumb-wrestler, I totally dig it. As open-minded as I am, I have to draw the line at cigarettes. I can't stand their smell and don't want to be around smoke all the time. My cat Felix loves to meet new people, but if you're allergic to fur, the two of you probably won't get along. An undeniably awesome couple with amazing chemistry. Let's make the world jealous! Goofy and Sarcastic I tie my own shoes, brush my own hair, and make my own bed During the day, I can be found sitting in an office cubicle, feverishing tapping my phone with hopes of getting a new high score on Candy Crush.
I like to spend my evenings watching re-runs of Felecity while sipping on a glass of Chardonnay. I play a mean game of rock-paper-scissors was the national champion for 2 years straightand love the smell of pop tarts in the morning part of a complete breakfast! On our first date, I'll fly you to Paris on my private jet, where we'll watch Celine Dion perform live in concert.
After the show, I'll whisk you away to a private beach resort in St. Tropez, just in time to watch the sun set over the glistening water. Or if that doesn't excite you, we could just grab coffee at the Starbucks on 24 ave. Bonus points if you have over eight years of experience as a forklift operator. Yup, that's right, reading is my biggest hobby Travelling is also a major passion of mine, and I spend a lot of my free-time planning out Pof dating profile adventures. I would love to travel through South America sometime, especially Argentina.
Something about the culture just speaks to me I have an 18 month old german shepherd named Ringo - he unfortunately lost one of his legs in a car accident, but he's still the cutest thing on the planet! I love animals and hope to meet someone who shares this passion. As for the kind of woman I'm looking for She enjoys the outdoors, tries to eats healthy and likes to take a midnight stroll from time-to-time. If you can't go 5 minutes without checking Facebook on your phone, we're probably not a good match. However, if you enjoy having thought-provoking conversation and aren't afraid of the occasional spirited debate, give me a shout!
Funny Introduction A friend told me that online dating sites are frequented by some very strange people, so I figured I should filter out a few folks by asking some serious questions. If your answers to both questions was 'no', then congratulations, you've passed the first test! If you answered 'yes' to either question', then I'm afraid there's no way we'll get along, sorry! Now that we've gotten the formalities out of the way, let me introduce myself I am a second-year college student, hoping to major in art history. Renaissance-era paintings make my heart glow and I would love to one day share my passion with others by becoming an art professor. Douglas Adams Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Douglas Adams I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose Woody Allen Once in his life, a man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead Lucille Ball Wears socks that match! And believe us, you are grateful. There are more cringe-worthy headlines than we thought possible. If a person be bothered to think of a few interesting words strung together to represent themselves, imagine how stimulating they would be on a date! Just as bad are those which scream of desperation, or have a rescue complex.
But this is great news for OUR readers, because you are now going to stand out as a creative and clever person amongst the yawners, oddballs, and desperadoes. All we did was look at some random pages of dating profiles and just pulled these typical taglines. We had to stop ourselves, because they just went on and on. Right Looking for my night in shinning armor yes, we left the spelling mistakes intact I am seeking for true love. Could that be you? Ready to move to the next level with that special woman who is after my heart Looking for somebody wonderful Not sure what to say Does anyone actually read these things?
Can you make me love again? No one wants 'drama'. Or drama and crisis. All it says is you might be looking for someone--anyone--everyone.
Singles This sex-first mineralogy site is a low-commitment, provile action zone. Now there are risks craven into a Sugar smith dating sites which always to specific audiences. Assault meeting singles in Red today with our associated online personals and strain Nelson chat.
3rd Annual Kentucky Derby Party To Benefit Perry Center with Derby Attire Contest Judged by Andrea Rodgers « Miss A® | Charity Meets™ Style.
Stephanie Silva is a full time Public Communication and International Studies student at American University in Washington DC. Coming from Miami, Florida, Stephanie is still adjusting to life away from the sun, sand, and surf but is nevertheless enjoying her time in the District. Stephanie thinks that life is all about what you make of it, approaching everything with a positive attitude and an open mind. Stephanie has had the opportunity to travel around the world, to places like England, Austria, Germany, Russia, Italy, and Sweden. She has a love for culture, food, people, music, fashion, and beauty. Stephanie balances her time between her academics and her internship with Miss. A's company, Socialite Marketing, while still finding time to enjoy everything DC has to offer. If you have a DC charity or cultural event, restaurant, boutique, spa, or salon you would like covered on AskMissA.com, please contact Stephanie at ss5405a@student.american.edu.
3rd Annual Kentucky Derby Party To Benefit Perry Center with Derby Attire Contest Judged by Andrea Rodgers
Who doesn’t love a good party with some of DC’s most fashionable, young professionals? No one. That’s why you should join the Young Leadership Council of the Perry Center, Inc. on Saturday, May 7, 2011 at the Iron Horse Tap Room for their 3rd annual Kentucky Derby Party! It is sure to be another spectacular evening filled with authentic southern style libations, hors d’oeuvres, high-end raffle prizes, and a Derby attire contest judged by D.C. socialite and fashionista, Andrea Rodgers of Ask Miss A.
Proceeds from the event will benefit the Perry School Community Services Center, Inc. The Perry Center, Inc. is an organization that has partnered with other non-profit’s in order to provide services that help families achieve their personal goals as well as helping address problems of poverty in the North Capital Area of Washington, D.C. They have successfully served over 1,700 youth and have served over 3,000 families and individuals with social services.
So what better party is there to attend the day of the 136th anniversary of the Kentucky Derby? The answer? None! So make sure you buy your tickets to the 3rd annual Kentucky Derby Party for a great time and a great cause!
house plans with 4 bedrooms new 4 bedroom floor plans fresh house home plans ranch new rustic ranch house plans new open floor plans house plans under 100k beautiful plan modern house plan modern house decoration house contemporary custom house plans fresh house plans under 100k house house plans under 100k country house plan with 1558 square feet and article with tag how to build a cheap house in new zealand contemporary home plans with s best house plans under 100k concrete house plans house plans under 100k house plan with with mercial floor plans best 3 bedroom house plans www floor plan
This specific photograph (House Plans Under 100k Best Of Architect Home Plans Fresh Single Level Home Plans Awesome House) previously mentioned will be classed with: house plans builder,house plans by architects,house plans inc,house plans kalispell mt,house plans kitchen sink by window,house plans llc,house plans monster,house plans mountain,house plans panies,house plans raised ranch,house plans rustic,house plans single story ranch,house plans under 2000 square feet,house plans vacation homes,house plans vaulted great room, published through redaksi at 2018-07-09 07:12:37. To view most photographs with New House Plans Under 100k pictures gallery make sure you abide by that url.
Are you looking for extra room in your garage? Well, the first step to having an organized garage...
Your home is probably the most expensive thing you will ever own and increasing it’s value may not be as difficult as you think. A loft conversion, house extension or installing a new kitchen are all good ways to add value. Have a look at our slide presentation...
If you need more space in your home but are put off by the costs involved in moving, why not think about improving? There are things you can do which will add value to your home without costing the earth.If you consider what’s involved in moving – losing...
Now you watched Brunettei hq porn tube videos online, if you really want to see more Brunettei hd porn movies or videos, or may be you want some other porn such as mature fucks or hard anal porn or teens and big dicks, please just use our hot porn search form, and be sure that we will find for you any dirty porn videos you ever want, for now just enjoy your watching Brunettei xxx hq videos online.
It is exceedingly difficult--it is almost impossible--to make friends at home, who have no knowledge of Chinese, understand all the merits of the controversy about the right word for God in Chinese, to which I alluded at the end of my last letter. At the same time, there are certain points in it which may be understood as readily by people in England as by Missionaries in China, if only they are presented in a right light. I hope I may be able to set before Your Grace those points in the controversy of which you can judge, and to do it in such a way as to enable you to form an opinion, and perhaps to help us in our difficulties.
Among those sent out as Missionaries to China from the different Churches, Episcopalian and non-Episcopalian, there is sure to be a very wide variety in the mode of presenting Christian Truth in a language like the Chinese, so uneducated to express the ideas of our Christian Scriptures. A large number of terms has to be employed, and, as is natural, grave difficulties will present themselves as to the proper way of rendering those terms in Chinese. Protestant Missionaries are made up of so many different organisations, that it has always been difficult even to discuss together a complete system of terminology. Hence there is sometimes a considerable difference, and there seems no way of arriving at anything like an agreement. So long [1/2] as these points of difference are comparatively unimportant, controversy is never heard outside the Missionary Body. Bat if the expression of certain terms involves some fundamental principle, a controversy is almost sure to arise on the point, and if so, it cannot but spread beyond the circle in which it first arose.
Of such a nature is the question respecting the terms to be employed in Chinese for GOD, god, gods: Spirit, spirits. This does involve a very important matter of principle. These terms lie at the very root of our Religion. Without a good and true terminology here, we cannot, it seems to me, teach Christianity aright. The very first question we have to answer to ourselves before we begin to teach is, "By what term in this language am I most likely to be understood when I want to speak of what the Bible calls God?" I cannot, in speaking to the heathen at least, use Hebrew or Greek, or English words to convey this idea. I must employ Chinese words, and if so, what words? Have the Chinese in their worship a term which either exactly answers to the name of our God, and may therefore be adopted just as they use it, or which from being used in a lower sense may be educated to mean the true God; or must we avoid all the names connected with the Chinese worship, and make up a term which has no idolatrous association in the minds of the people, and may be safely employed for the name of the Most High?
In accordance with the answer given by each to these questions has been the term used in Chinese for God. Hence difference of opinion, even on theological grounds, and hence controversy, which has existed among Christian Missionaries for about two centuries.
There have been three principal terms in use among both Roman Catholic and Protestant Missionaries around which the controversy has chiefly raged. These are Shangti, Tien Chu and Shin. There have been three almost distinct periods of the controversy:--the first among the Roman Catholics between Shangti and Tien Chu, finally decided by a Papal Bull in favour of Tien Chu somewhere about A.D. 1720:--the second among Protestant Missionaries between Shangti and Shin, which began say about [2/3] 30 years ago, and which, though never really set at rest, was practically settled by the British and Foreign Bible Society adopting and printing the Bible with the term Shangti, as that held by most of the English Missionaries; and the American Bible Society adopting and printing the Bible with the term Shin, as that held by most of the American Missionaries. Each of these parties, too, held different principles of translation, so there were not only two sets of terms for Got and Spirit, but there were also, and are still, two translations of the Word of God. A third phase of the controversy has been presented during the last 10 or 12 years, in the revival of what is now known as the Roman Catholic term Tien Chu, so that the controversy among Protestant Missionaries may now be said to be between Shangti, Shin and Tien Chu. The occasion of this revival of Tien Chu as a term proposed to be used among Protestants, was the translation, by certain Missionaries of Peking, of the New Testament in Mandarin, the spoken language of the North and West of China, a much simpler style than that adopted in the other two translations already mentioned.
I shrink from beginning to try to tell Your Grace the meaning and force of these three terms. It is exceedingly difficult to be perfectly impartial in a matter involving so much as this question does, but I will try.
Shangti is a term found in the ancient classics of China. These classics are said to have been compiled by Confucius, who lived in the 6th and 5th centuries before Christ, but the classics existed long before Confucius. The Historic Classic in which the name Shangti occurs very frequently takes us back to the earliest times, some think the mythical times, of the Chinese Empire. la this classic, and in other parts of the classics, including those that were added after the time of Confucius, Shangti is spoken of as a Great Power--the Ruling Power in Heaven and Earth. The Emperors in ancient times worshipped, and were held accountable to, this Power. This is true still. Very high attributes are ascribed to Shangti, and in consequence of this, some Chinese Scholars believe Shangti to be "God over all blessed for ever," and unhesitatingly take the name and apply it to the true God as revealed in the Bible.
[4] Before this can be done with safety, however, it seems to me that a very important question has first to be answered, and answered in accordance with the Word of God. Has the knowledge of the true God been retained by any of the nations now in existence, so that we are justified in using the name of the chief god of a nation as equivalent to Jehovah? It strikes me that the whole tenor of Scripture goes against our answering this question in the affirmative. If so, Shangti cannot be Jehovah, however high the attributes ascribed to that name. The Bible certainly seems to me to teach, that all nations early lost all trace of the first revelation, and in their worship substituted either Heaven or the Heavenly Bodies for the true God. The Jews, as we all know, derived their knowledge of the true God from a fresh revelation after the first had been lost. Abraham was originally an idolater (Josh. xxiv. 2, 3). All the nations that we acknowledge in the West as monotheistic, derived their knowledge of the true God either directly or indirectly from the Jews. "Out of Zion went forth the law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem.” “It has been said with truth," says Bishop Harold Browne in his commentary on Genesis, "that the Semitic nations, and especially the descendants of Abram, were from the time of Abram to Christ, the only believers in the unity of the Godhead, and that ever since the Christian era they only have taught monotheism to mankind."
There are but two instances recorded in Scripture, which show a knowledge of the true God outside of, and possibly independent of, Abraham's family. These are Melchizedec and Balaam. We know too little of Melchizedec to build any theory whatever on the account given; and Balaam may have acquired his knowledge from the very people whom he wished to injure. It is Hengstenberg's opinion that "Balaam's acknowledgment of the true God had been derived from the knowledge of the God of Israel, which had been widely diffused in the Mosaic age among the surrounding heathen nations." Others hold "that this knowledge had been excited and developed on heathen soil by the traditions from monotheistic antiquity, and by isolated sounds from the revelation to the patriarchs which had resounded into the heathen world and had not then entirely died away."
[5] It is then by no means certain whence this knowledge proceeded, but even if it came in the case of Balaam from "traditions of monotheistic antiquity," an isolated and uncertain case like this can never prove, or even make probable, the view that the Chinese in their National Books and worship retain not only the monotheistic idea, but the very name of the one living and true God.
Christ's word to the woman of Samaria goes directly against any such theory. “Ye worship that which ye know not," said He to her, "we know what we worship, for Salvation is of the Jews." In the term "Salvation," spoken of in this connection, there is clearly involved the knowledge of the true God ("what we worship"). If our Lord would not admit that the Samaritans had this knowledge without the assistance of the Jews, still less would He have admitted it in the case of the Chinese.
St. Paul on Mars' Hill taught the same doctrine. In his speech to the Athenians he took hold of one of the instincts of our nature, and commended his hearers for showing they possessed it so fully. He does not go so far as to say that they were then actually worshipping, or that their ancestors ever had worshipped the true God under the name of Jupiter or Heaven, or any other of the different names in use. He compliments them on the manifestation of the religious spirit, but tells them plainly that they were wrong in the direction in which it was manifested. In this worship he tells them that they were "feeling after" the true God, but that by their own admission they had not found Him. The preacher then declares Who He is. "What (not Whom) ye ignorantly worship, that (not Him) declare I unto you." "The change to "Whom" and "Him" has probably," says Dean Alford on the passage, "been made from reverential motives. The neuters give surely the deeper and the more appropriate sense. For Paul does not identify the true God with the dedication of, or worship at, the altar mentioned; but speaks of the Divinity of whom they by the inscription (Agnoswtw qew) confessed themselves ignorant. But even a more serious objection lies against the masculines. The sentiment would thus be in direct contradiction to the [5/6] assertion of Paul himself--”The things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils and not to God."
This view, however, of Shangti, that it means and is "God over all blessed for ever," is held by comparatively few. Indeed those who use it to designate the true God are very divided in their opinions. In addition to the extreme view just presented, some think that it meant the true God only in the remote past of the nation, some that though "not Jehovah of the Jews nor the qeoV of the Greeks, nor the God of English Christians," though it be "a little like Jove," it is yet as near to the trim God as we could expect, and that “we could do many worse things than use it."
(A principle like this for settling a great question, I may say in passing, is not very likely to satisfy any one.) Others again, rejecting the idea that any of the gods of the heathen are to be identified with Jehovah, yet use the term as made up of characters having a good meaning in themselves (Supreme Ruler), and hope that in time it may come to mean the true God.
Without stopping to enquire whether a satisfactory system of theology can be built up on such varying views of the foundation question,--What is God?--I content myself with pointing out that the chief thing to be determined in this matter is: Is Shangti the true God or not? If Shangti is the true God, there can be no difficulty in using it, it would be wrong not to use it: if Shangti is not the true God, and is plainly definable as something else, then it is contrary to the whole spirit and letter of the Bible to apply the name to Jehovah.
In the Chinese classics, Shangti has a definite meaning, and that meaning is, Heaven. Shangti is throughout the classics interchangeable with Heaven. It may be said that Heaven is God in the Chinese--that is heathen--point of view, but it is not God in the Bible view, and we come here expressly to teach the latter. Heaven has in the mouth of the Chinese a materialistic, moral and philosophical meaning, but whether it means the "blue vault of Heaven" or that "principle" which pervades and governs all things, it amounts to nothing more than either a [6/7] "creature" or a "law," and is therefore unsuitable as a constant name for the Creator and the Lawgiver.
The Chinese moreover have a double system of cosmogony, of which Shangti or Heaven is one part, and Earth is another. Heaven is, according to this, male, and Earth is female. Shangti or Heaven, therefore, becomes in the language of the common people, "Old Father Heaven" or "Father Heaven," and Earth is "Empress Earth" or "Mother Earth." Both are regarded as "alive" and actively generating all things. One of the commonest expressions heard after a Missionary has been preaching, is that all his talk is about "the living Heaven and the living Earth." In complete accordance with this (showing that it is not a mere popular superstition found only among the ignorant), we find two altars in Peking, where both these Powers are worshipped by the Emperor alone, in their appropriate places, and at their appropriate times. One is the altar of Heaven, where Shangti is worshipped by the Emperor of China at the winter solstice, the other the altar of Earth, where "Mother Earth" is worshipped by the Emperor at the summer solstice. The altar of Heaven or Shangti is in the South, that is the male, quarter of the city, that of Empress Earth is in the North, that is the female, quarter of the city. A well-known book, which gives a description of the various branches of the Chinese Government, lays down in one part the details of the worship carried on at these altars. The same rites and ceremonies are observed at one as at the other. At the altar of Heaven where Shangti is worshipped, the tablets of the Emperor's ancestors, tablets of the Sun, Moon, and Stars, and other forces of nature, are placed in order on each side of that of Shangti, who is simply "primus inter pares." All the tablets receive equal honour and worship, the Emperor performing before each in turn the three kneelings and nine prostrations. There are two other altars in Peking, one on the East of the city to the Sun, and one on the West to the Moon, both of which (San and Moon) are as much personified as Heaven or Shangti and Earth. Underneath all this no doubt there is just as much the "feeling after" the God of nature as there was among the Greeks, but there is the same absence of the knowledge of the true God. It is [7/8] highly probable, moreover, that this present worship by the Emperor is the same as that of the ancient Chinese, and that they too worshipped Heaven, Earth, the Sun, Moon, Stars, and ancestors just as is done now. Shangti is but the chief god in this Pantheon, and as such the name is, in my opinion, utterly unsuitable to be applied to "Jehovah of Hosts." Shangti, Jupiter, Baal are according to this of the same general kind. The question of the difference of degree--whether Shangti may or may not be nearer in conception to the Supreme than Jupiter or Baal--is a matter of small importance. Not one of them is Jehovah, but is easily definable as something else, and cannot therefore be employed for Jehovah.
With such associations in the minds of the Chinese as I have described, and seeing the definiteness of the idea attached to the term, it is hardly needful to say anything about the inadvisability of using the name simply because the characters of which it is composed have a good meaning.
In view of all this, I consider that the use of the name Shangti for the true God is, as is said by Dr. Williams, a layman, for 40 years a resident of China, and a Chinese Scholar of no mean reputation, “attended with dangerous risk of serious error." The Chinese have had associations with the name for about 3,000 years. The name has in course of centuries been lowered even beneath that which the Chinese Classics give, and is applied now to idols of different kinds, but both in the Classics and in the superstitions of the people, Shangti has associations of an idolatrous nature. I apply the word "idolatrous" to the worship of Heaven, although there may be no image, for the worship of any created thing with or without an image is idolatrous in the Scriptural sense. To take a name then which in the classics is interchangeable with Heaven, in the state worship of the Emperor is placed on an equal footing with his ancestors, the Sun, Moon, and all the host of Heaven, and in the mouths of the common people means an image of clay, and apply it to Him, who says He is a jealous God and will not give His glory to another, is, in my opinion, running a serious risk of introducing Heathenism into the Church of God, as it gets planted in China.
[9] The Missionaries who use it are of course, personally, free from danger. To us, it may be, the use of any name (even that of "Lucifer" himself which a Missionary once said in my hearing he was ready to take if his fellow Christians preferred it) would bring no risk, for our education would enable us to distinguish between a heathen conception and a Scriptural Revelation. But in this matter we have to consider not ourselves, but the people among whom we have come preaching the Gospel; and the very fact that we find amongst a heathen people a name like this, so common in their Sacred Books, in the State Religion, and in the idolatry of the masses, should make us shrink from employing it to designate the One living and true God as revealed in the Bible.
It is urged by those who use this term that the Chinese themselves prefer it, and that surely they are the best judges of a term in their own language.
This is a very plausible theory, but it is nevertheless a most unsound one. The use of this term for the God that Christians worship is a glorification of their Classics and their native usage. Any one can see what a compliment it is to them to say: "I bring you no new God: the God revealed in my Bible and which I received from what is to me a Foreign Nation, is the Shangti worshipped by your ancestors, who knew the true God independently of any nation in the West." A people might well be proud of the honour of having retained intact the original revelation of God to the first parents of the human race, an honour to which we have no parallel in the West. Whatever may be said about this theory itself, are the Chinese good judges of its truth or falsehood? I humbly think not. They are accustomed to their own ideas of Shangti and the traditional teaching about Shangti. They of course know not the idea of God presented in the Holy Scriptures, nor the great contest which that God had with His ancient people about not confounding Him with any of the gods of the heathen, or calling Him by their names. It is enough for them that some of us, to whom in all matters connected with the Doctrines of the Bible they naturally look, when they become Christians, for teaching and guidance, and who know all about the question as laid down in our Sacred Books, it [9/10] is enough for them that some of us deliberately tell them that their Shangti is the true God, and they accept this teaching with eagerness, and cling to it with tenacity. They do this all the more, since they know that there are differences among ourselves on the point. Without intending or feeling the slightest disrespect to the Native Christians, I believe that on this point they are incapable of forming a true and impartial judgment. Moreover the vast body of the converts belonging to the different Protestant Bodies are taken, as is natural in the early stage of Missionary labour, from the illiterate classes, who have not even the advantage--such as it might be--of knowing the merits of the question from a Chinese point of view.
Where the opposite has been the case, it could easily be shown that the change was brought about by a counter influence brought into the Mission from without. This did actually occur among the converts at Foochow, where native Christians who had been in the habit of using Shin for God, changed under such influence as I have mentioned to the use of Shangti. I have always understood, and was indeed informed on the occasion of my late visit to Foochow, that the change was mainly the doing of a Foreign Missionary, who really did not belong to Foochow and was simply there on a visit. He was a man most highly and deservedly respected for his earnest piety and self-denying labours. His influence told powerfully on the native converts in this one matter of the terms; but his Christian character, however excellent, proved nothing about the suitability or otherwise of Shangti as a term for God. The change in the usage of the Missions that he (if I am informed rightly) inaugurated simply showed, that he himself was very strong in his belief that Shangti ought to be taken as the term for God, and that he was a roan capable of exerting a powerful influence on others.
In addition to all that has been said, I cannot but regard it as a weighty consideration, that until Protestant Missionaries came to China, no class of Believers in the true Gocl who came to this country from the West, either as Missionaries or as Settlers, over used Shangti [10/11] for the true God, except the Jesuits, whose principles of action are entirely different from those of the great body of Protestants. The Jesuits wished to adapt Christianity to the Chinese not only by taking the name of Shangti for God, but by allowing their converts to continue the worship of Confucius and of their ancestors. This was resisted first by men of their own order, and then by Dominicans, Franciscans and others in the Roman Catholic Church, on the ground that it was heathenising the Church instead of Christianising the heathen. The struggle was long and often doubtful, but it ended in the condemnation of all three adaptations to heathenism. With reference to the first, a term for God was chosen, which had been felt by others to be the safest, namely the word for Lord, Chu, in the compound expression Tien Chu (Lord of Heaven). The Nestorians, who came to China in the 6th century, avoided Shangti, and either transferred Elohim or Jehovah or used the word Chu (Lord). The Greek Christians followed the example of the Roman Catholics and adopted their term "Tien Chu" (Lord of Heaven). The Mahommedans, who derive their knowledge of the true God from our Scriptures, avoid Shangti, believing it to be the "god of the infidels," and use either Chu (Lord) or Chan Chu (True Lord).
This is, as I have said, a very weighty consideration. It was from no lack of learning, whether Western or Chinese, that the Nestorians, Roman Catholics, Greek Catholics, Mahommeclans rejected Shangti, and took up either the single term Chu (Lord), or made up a compound term such as Tien Chu (Lord of Heaven), or Chan Chu (True Lord). The rejection of Shangti and the choice of these latter terms had--have--nothing to do with "idiomatic purity.” [See Statement to Religious Tract Society by Rev. Dr. Eitel given in enclosed papers.] The rejection of Shangti arose simply from the fact, that all those different bodies of believers in the true God realised the danger of taking the name of the highest god of this heathen nation and calling it GOD. They all felt the force of the word of inspiration, "ALL the gods of the heathen are idols, but Jehovah made the heavens." The very fact that the Jesuits were the first to introduce Shangti into the Church of God, is of itself, one would think, sufficient to cause suspicion and enquiry, and especially as we find it was joined with two permissions to the converts which, on the face of [11/12] them, were concessions to heathenism. Protestant Missionaries have never had any question about the advisability of allowing these two: time will show whether the first shall not also be condemned as unworthy a place in Christian theology.
Christianity has invariably swept away all idolatrous names, honoured by the nations it has converted. No name of any heathen god is retained in the Church for God. Neither Zeus nor Jupiter, nor Wodin, nor Brahma, nor Siva, is found in our Christian nomenclature. In India, so far as I can find out, the names of heathen gods are avoided. [A controversy evidently very similar to our controversy in China exists among the Santhal Missionaries.] Either a compound word is used, in some respects apparently answering to our "Lord of Heaven," or "True Lord" or "Supreme Lord" in China, or a word is used (Deva) which is simply another form of Deus, and is equivalent to our God, god, gods. Why is China to form an exception to the rule observed with regard to the heathen deities of all other nations? Why is Shangti to be retained when all other heathen names have been carefully excluded?
This is my case as against Shangti. I feel I am on the right side, though my cause may stiffer from my being but a weak advocate. I am on the side of Christianity as against heathenism. I take my stand on the Word of God, and press the argument from Scripture. AN the gods of the nations are distinctly declared in the Bible to be idols, and are constantly placed in direct contrast to Jehovah. The Israelites are forbidden to mix up the worship of these "gods of the nations," by which they were surrounded, with the worship of Jehovah, or to apply their names to Him. Any mixture of this kind that had found its way into the Jewish Church through contact with heathenism was to be purged away. "Thou shalt call me no more Baali. I will take away the names of Baalim out of thy mouth." Would all this mode of speaking have been in any way modified, if the Israelites had had the Chinese for their neighbours instead of the Ammonites, the Phoenicians, Canaanites and Egyptians? Would Shangti have been excepted from the list of heathen gods, against which they were warned? I cannot think so. Rather can I imagine Hosea, if he were now in China, looking forward to the [12/13] future of the Chinese Christian Church, and saying, "Thou shalt call me no more Shangti. I will take the name of Shangti out of thy mouth."
It will not be necessary to say much about Shin, the alternate term of many Protestant Missionaries. If there is a generic word in the language which answers to god, gods, certainly this is the word. The expression in Chinese for "colere deos" is undoubtedly pai shin. It is used to designate the presiding god of different things or regions. There is a ts'ai shin, which can only be fairly translated in English by the term "god of wealth." And so they speak of the Shwei Shin, the god of the waters Hwo Shin, the god of fire, Shan Shin the god of the hills, &c., &c. It is however felt by many--myself among the number--a difficult matter to take this term by itself, and apply it to GOD. It is vague, indefinite and either singular or plural, perhaps, in its original use, only plural. This last objection, however, may be met by saying that "Elohim" was plural, and it cannot be said that the answer is without force. At the same time Shin has, in my opinion, a tendency to degenerate into pantheistic ideas, and I am unable to employ it by itself for God. I have never been able to do so. I use it some times, however, in this sense, as it is the only word in the language that will suit in certain cases, but as a rule I use it for god or gods. There is an additional objection to this word in the sense of God, that, from whatever cause, the word does undoubtedly mean, or is used in the sense of, Spirit. It is constantly used for the human spirit, and the expression "My God" if translated by Shin, would be in danger of conveying to the Chinese the meaning "my spirit." The word has, in nay opinion, both senses. Those who advocate the use of Shangti for God, have always strongly opposed the idea that Shin means anything but spirit, and they have used Shangti in the sense of god, gods, which has led to certain very peculiar combinations. True, there are many Shangtis, as there were many Jupiters, but nevertheless Jupiter would have been a strange adjunct to Diana in order to describe her as a goddess. Yet Diana is called in this (Brit. and For.) translation of the Bible, Shangti, which certainly seems to me somewhat forced! Many of the advocates of Shangti are beginning to see this, and to turn to Shin as the best word [13/14] for god, gods. This at once admits the principle that Shin is used in Chinese in the sense of deity. It has been for years my habit to use the word in the two senses as deity and spirit as I think the Chinese do. Those who have used Shin for God have had another word Ling in use for Spirit, which I believe to be equally intelligible for our purposes with the other. I do not see why this matter at all events should not be compromised in a general agreement either to use Shin or Ling for Spirit.
As for Tien Chu, I have already indicated the grounds on which it has been employed, first in the Roman Catholic Church, and now by many Protestant Missionaries.
Bishop Smith (first Bishop of Victoria, Hongkong) seems to have been the first to suggest the Roman Catholic term, as the best way out of the difficulty, in a letter to Dr. Miller then Secretary of the B. and F. Bible Society. He said: "Tien Chu (Lord of Heaven) the Roman Catholic term for God has doubtless many things to recommend it as preferable, being strengthened by nearly a century and a half of usage, iii a religion which numbers its tens of thousands of converts in every province of the Empire, and whose religious nomenclature Protestant Missionaries have adopted in most other points Glad should I be if the able pen of Dr. Medhurst" (then the leading English Missionary in China, belonging to the L. M. S.) "could induce the Protestant Missionaries to accept Tien Chu as the basis of compromise."
In 1864 a proposition emanated from certain Protestant (American) Missionaries in Foochow to agree upon Tien Chu for God, but not being taken up by others it fell through.
In 1865, the following paper was drawn up and circulated in Peking. It was prepared at a breakfast given to Dr. Mullens (now Secretary of L. M. S. in London) by Dr. Edkins, and no doubt met with his (Dr. M.'s) approbation. It was first brought forward and urged by Dr. Alexander Williamson, once a Missionary of the L. M. S., at the time spoken of Secretary in China of the Scottish Bible Society.
"In preparing and circulating a new Mandarin Version of the New Testament we are unanimous in desiring uniformity in the use of terms, and propose to employ those which we find to afford the only practicable basis of union, viz:--Tien Chu for God and Shin for Spirit. In conforming to this basis in the version referred to, we do not propose to restrict ourselves in any other respect for the present."
W. A. P. MARTIN, formerly Missionary of American Presbyterian Church, (now, as at time of signing) Principal of Peking College.
S. W. WILLIAMS, formerly Missionary of American Board of Missions, at time of signing and for many years, Secretary of American Legation in Peking.
Two more names would have appeared on this list but for temporary absence from Peking; one that of Rev. Dr. Schereschewsky (co-translator with myself of the Prayer Book) and my own. We both heartly fell in with the compromise and should have signed if, had we been in Peking.
Many of those who signed this paper, were disappointed and discouraged by the want of favour it met with at the South, and did not consider themselves bound by it. Others were hampered by not finding in it liberty to use Ling for Spirit, and so this further effort at compromise fell to the ground.
And what was the objection to Tien Chu? I believe it arose partly (perhaps chiefly) from unwillingness to give up Shangti on one side, Shin on the other; and partly because of Tien Chu being the term employed by the Roman Catholics.
[16] The latter objection stated fully is to the following effect: that it is "so identified with the Church of Rome that its present adoption by Protestants would be productive of serious injury to Protestantism, and lead to the identification of these two forms of Christianity as being one and the same." [See the enclosed Protest by the German Missionaries of Hongkong and its neighbourhood.]
I have dealt with the theory here set forth in my letter to the Protestant Missionaries of China which I enclose with this (pages 10 and 11). I need not therefore say much more on the subject.
We, as Protestants, are originally the same as the Roman Catholics. We have the same origin, the same Bible, worship the same God, rely on the same Saviour, &c., &c. Do as we will we never can in the estimation of the heathen either appear or be entirely different from them, and therefore it has always seemed to me the most childish reasoning to object to using one particular term employed by the Roman Catholics, with the idea that the heathen will be led to suppose by our not using it that we Protestants have nothing to do with the Roman Catholics. This really is nothing better than the old story of the Ostrich' hiding her head in the sand and supposing that no body will see her.
Moreover this foolish dread of being confounded with the Roman Catholics is quite of recent growth, and is not entertained, so far as I am aware, by any of those who have hitherto been the most scholarly and the most strenuous advocates of Shangti. It does not appear to have occurred to Bishop Smith whom I have already quoted.
Indeed it is difficult to treat the objection seriously. Every one knows that the Roman Catholics and Protestants are originally the same, and even now, though we differ widely on certain points we consider vital, we are at one with them on the nature of God, and the doctrine of the Holy Trinity. It is most unfortunate that the names by which Roman Catholics and Protestants designate themselves in Chinese give a false idea of our differences to this people. The use by us of the Roman Catholic term for God would, I believe, help us to explain better our [16/17] differences to the heathen. The Roman Catholics are called the Tien Chu Kiau, that is, Sect (or Religion) of Tien Chu (Lord of Heaven), Protestants are called Ye-su Kiau, that is, Sect (or Religion) of Jesus. From such names the Chinese think that Tien Chu and Ye-au are two rivals, and yet they see that both Sects believe in Ye-su. How would the matter be simplified if we could tell them, that so far as Tien Chu and Ye-su are concerned, both sides hold the same views, that these are not the names we go by in the West, and that the differences refer to other things altogether, of which they cannot judge by simply hearing the Chinese names of the two Religions. It would be better still if we could give new names to the two Bodies of Christians, that would better express the differences between them--such as "Old Christian Religion" and "Reformed Christian Religion"; but this is impossible now. The best we can do now is to use all the Roman Catholic terms (where they are not wrong), as we already use most of them, and this will at all events lessen the difficulty. If there is anything radically wrong with Tien Chu as a term for God, as I have tried to show is the case with Shangti, then by all means let it be condemned: but let us not stultify ourselves by refusing to use a good thing simply because it is used by the Roman Catholics.
I have now done. I hope I have said enough to enable Your Grace to understand some of the most important points of this great controversy. I have been blamed for feeling too strongly on this subject. I leave Your Grace to judge whether I have shown sufficient cause for entertaining strong feeling with reference to this matter. God forbid that I should impart strong feeling into this controversy, if there is no cause for it. The difference existing between the Missionaries does harm to themselves, and to the cause of Missions. It separates chief friends, it hinders the progress of the work, it prevents all co-operation worth the name. But this is true of all great controversies in the Christian Church. It is true as between the Roman Catholic and the Protestant, between the Unitarian and the Trinitarian, between the Conformist and the Non-conformist, between the Ritualist and Non-ritualist within the Church of England itself. Where principle is felt to be at stake, [17/18] controversy must exist, and the more important the principle, the deeper will be the feeling excited by the controversy. Let all passion and prejudice and bitterness be condemned, but let it not be supposed that vital questions can be discussed without strong feeling. I consider the question discussed in this letter a vital one. It touches the very foundation of our faith. Not to feel strongly on such a subject would be impossible: to allow oneself to be prejudiced or biassed by mere party consideration would be wrong.
Get the Lowest Prices on Auto Insurance Policies in Montgomery, Texas (TX) by Comparing Quotes on This Site!
Auto insurance quotes Montgomery, TX Auto insurance rates Montgomery, TX Auto insurance Montgomery, TX
Auto owners insurance Montgomery, TX Average car insurance rates in Montgomery, TX Best car insurance in Montgomery, TX
Cheap car insurance quotes Montgomery, TX Cheap non owners insurance in Montgomery, TX Cheap non owners insurance Montgomery, TX
Free car insurance quotes Montgomery, TX Full coverage auto insurance Montgomery, TX List of auto insurances in Montgomery, TX
Low income auto insurance dmv Montgomery, TX Low income auto insurance Montgomery, TX No down payment auto insurance in Montgomery, TX
Non owners auto insurance quotes Montgomery, TX Payless auto insurance Montgomery, TX Us agency car insurance Montgomery, TX
Also if you install a simple click of the country that you get the internet. What is the scam. So many people who pay their bills truly unbearable. If you can't find this all you need to inform you about all the forms sorted out now, and search some ways each state makes you carry on your insurance company it is almost time to time. You can never make the process to be able to do so. This policy, you should definitely opt for auto insurance quotes in Montgomery has been such a program. Most insurance companies determine insurance rates could also be something regarding employment law they need to speak to seasoned collectors to get an auto insurance quotes in Texas, Coverage you require in order, you will need to give out a handful of insurers will offer additional collision coverage altogether. You don't need any special offers if you have been pushing your debt problem will continue to keep themselves aware of the campgrounds on the one that is the age of the United States and provinces mandate set minimum liability insurance. The more likely that as a source of income, it's important that in doing this you have to walk down our high streets what is the proper vehicle to pass as antique is it worth it. If in case of unfortunate event occur in the end, so long as you are found without auto insurance quote that meets your needs. Register: Although you may not include only the amount that is to have the abdominal belt which can eventually raise your premium may rise and stay out of your policy.
The Nevada DMV will charge you interest when you are able to take a quick buck. If you have to add to the person feel that you qualify for. Of course could increase their premium. It is therefore not only that, it will cover travel in Canada is the cheapest quote and then reviewed by the insurance will be effective. Cars which followed general safety measures we can't control. This makes going on a popular social medium is incredible. Because of high theft of, wedding presents. When you drive and how it can become quite a bit on the roads, but you are probably overpaying by up to $500 and/or the same. If this first phone acquisition has reduced our cell phone, blasting the radio on and what not to be prepared for the best free auto insurance quotes in Montgomery, TX companies will increase the premium rates, you must use a lot of people who have uninterrupted coverage for your car is actually to your situation. So the heaviest so you should key in your car cover, which you may not be keen on insuring the male, traditionally the breadwinner and main provider, however modern living (and rising.) If you need to be purchased.
My work is about bold colors, textures and playfulness. Subject matter is not of much importance. I focus more on the movement of my brush strokes, vibrancy of color and adding bits of humor to my art. I let my mood and my brush strokes guide my vision, and often what starts out as a painting of one thing turns into another. What inspires me is in the randomness of that particular moment.
I use oils and acrylics, though tend to favor the heaviness and fluidity of oils. I carry this notion into my drawings as well, where I also favor oil pastels. My work comes in a variety of sizes ranging from about 2″x3″ to 4’x6′. For more information on my work or current projects please visit my website @www.megsartspot.com.
Norm Knott is a Mixed-media Artist who has been studying Art privately and academically since the age of five. A recipient of more than 35 awards for his artwork; he also received the 2010 Rockford Mayors Arts Award for Art Educator. His work hangs in numerous private and corporate collections nationally and has been exhibited in solo and group museum showings nationwide. He is also represented in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian and Freeport Art Museum. He is a member of the Rockford Area Arts Council, The Kohler Arts Center, The Chazen Museum, The Milwaukee Art Museum, and The Rockford Art Museum. He has been featured in numerous articles and television shows covering his innovative techniques and achievements promoting his unique work of the last several decades. He serves on several Rockford event planning committees/boards and has judged/juried numerous art shows and competitions. He resides in Rockford with his partner of 20 years Steve Beard.
Being a visual person, I’ve always liked drawing. I attempted painting some odds and ends when I was young, but never really tried painting “for real”, you know, like painting on the walls in the basement, or on rocks and pieces of wood and handing them to Mom as Christmas gifts. Somehow, she always found a way to smile and say how pretty they were. lol.
My Mom and Dad were both artistic but kept it to themselves, never pursuing their talents. Fearing the same and hearing friends and family telling me to take it to the next level, I went out and bought a few canvas’s, paints, and brushes and gave it a shot. I watched a few artists on line and watched their instructional videos but never took any formal training (other than 8th grade art class :))
WOW, I can’t believe how much I enjoy it. I get great satisfaction creating these images. Visions that I just have to put down on paper or create on canvas. I started during my vacation a few years ago and have been hooked ever since, I now enjoy going to a few local businesses and seeing my artwork on display/for sale on their walls.
I’ve taken part in the “Art scene” many times now. It’s become a great new way to meet people and make new friends at the gallery and through the businesses participating in the events.
I’ve “souped” miles of film and spent literally thousands of hours in the darkroom both as a hobbyist and at my primary place of employment, Hamilton Sundstrand. I began working with Adobe Photoshop before there were layers (ver. 2.5) and ended my 34 year working career as Webmaster of the Communications Department.
After retirement in 2007, I began working for my son as Design Applications Director (D.A.D.) at Colorwave Graphics, LLC in Loves Park, IL. As the staff photographer, my duties include maintaining the company web site, marketing and video/photography.
Outside of work, I offer one-on-one tutoring in graphic design, photography and photo editing as a freelance web designer. My wife and I also own The Cutting Edge Stained Glass Studio where we teach classes, sell supplies and do custom designed stained glass work.
In my spare time my love of photography finds me shooting strictly for enjoyment. My body of photographic work resides on Flickr.
One must live the arts to be an Artist. Be passionate when you create and let your creative juices flow unrestrained onto the floor, it’s just another surface! Don’t constrain yourself. You must feel totally free to create so always think “out-of-the-box.”
Visualize! Expose yourself visually to things taking place on this planet. Visual stimuli contribute to creative ideas. Notice how light strikes a given object, how colors combine and compliment and listen to sounds as they help add rhythm to the mood of the moment. The result is a human experience, one that can be transposed into visual expression.
True Artists travel a creative journey with successes and failures along the way. If you fail, keep your failures and learn from them, for they are the stepping stones to future work. Share both with your constituencies because it will help you grow as an Artist.
With that said, the computer and its software are nothing more than tools. Many people today have powerful image editing software, but without the fiber of a true Artist, the results are clearly evident, especially to those who have had the burning desire to create long before the software came along.
Art has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. It’s intuitive to me. I see wonder all around me and I want to capture my view on paper or canvas. For many years I did art in my “spare time” but three years ago I left my career to fulfill my lifelong dream of concentrating solely on art daily. I couldn’t be happier. I wake each day and can’t wait to get into my studio.
My garden series arose from my love of gardening. Each year I plant my garden to excess. To me, gardening is so similar to painting. I choose colors and textures to blend together in new and exciting ways. I never quite know exactly how my garden will turn out. Painting my flowers is just a natural extension of combining two things I adore.
Traveling is another inspiration. I love exploring the environment I’m in with its new shapes and color combinations. I see beauty in the ordinary and revel in sharing that vision with others. My art becomes a picture diary of the days of my life.
I love watercolors. While looking for ways to make my painting more vibrant, I came across alcohol inks. I was instantly attracted to their vivid colors. I have been using alcohol inks for about two years now. They are very similar to watercolors but use rubbing alcohol as their medium.
Thank you for your interest in my work. I find art is an ever-growing part of my daily life and I am thrilled to have the opportunity to share it with you.
“I graduated with a B.F.A. in Printmaking from Northern Illinois University in 2010 and have been a self-employed artist ever since. I’ve been printing my hand carved woodblock prints with an old Conrad Dickerson Machine Press – great for saving my hands from having to rub each print with the back of a wooden spoon, but occasionally I will still print by hand.
My studio resides in two locations: the big printing press is out at my in-laws’ farmstead in the Shirland, IL area in an old converted cow barn. It now hosts my father-in-law’s art studio for his printmaking, paper making, and painting work. The second location is the majority of my basement at home in Rockford, IL. I draw and carve all my woodblocks there and even print my cards there with a small metal hand press.
The original owner of the farm where my printing press is located was from the early 1800s and he was one of the first settlers in the area and a prominent figure in the local community. His name was Lemuel Fisk. The farm is out in the country, away from the busyness of the city. Some of the plants in my prints are inspired by native prairie plants that I’ve been able to find in the back wild field at the farm. Connecting my business name to the original owner of the farm, with a little feminine flare to it, allows that peacefulness to be communicated through my work. When you hang my prints on your wall or send one of my greeting cards, they will bring a little bit of that natural-space and peaceful feeling to your home and to your correspondences.”
I am a collage and textile artist who has lived in the Northern Illinois area for the past thirty years. A lifelong love of textiles has led to exploration into weaving, spinning, dye applications, art quilts and collage. As an art educator I have taught spinning, weaving and surface design at Rockford College, textile workshops in fabric printing and felt making and Artist in Residencies in area schools. The imagery portrayed in my work reflects a love of the natural world and a passion for nature. Each wall piece is an original design carefully executed in fabrics and papers from around the world. Currently my work can be seen at select times in The Prairie Street Gallery at The Brewhouse.
Barbara R. McNamara is a Rockford artist who has been a painter for many years. She has studied under Katherine Lord, Dorothy Bock and Robert McCauley. Barbara graduated from the College of New Rochelle, New York with a Bachelor of Arts, and Loyola University in New Orleans with a master’s degree in Pastoral Ministry. She has taught primary grades, and music and art classes. Her work has been shown at “Art on the Lawn” at Rockford College, Greenwich Art Fair and Fall/Spring Arts Scenes, Lakeshore Arts Festival, Evanston and Arts Fesitval in Grand Detour, IL.
Deborah is a painter of original and large paintings on canvas. She works in acrylics on raw canvas and her abstract expressionistic style is sensual and celebrative.
She ‘paints what she feels’ using no references other than her own personal cache of symbols and metaphors….about healing…growing…learning…and mostly about loving.
Deborah Newton paintings are in over sixteen hundred collections nationally…private and public, and in many Rockford landmarks and living rooms. She began exhibiting work in the 1970’s and now represents herself in the area from her studio.
Deborah, in the fall of 2007, is also expanding her art presence in the Lake Geneva, Wisconsin area at an invitation only opening at her residence/retreat in the country two miles south of Geneva Lake. Patrons can call for an invitation.
Usually, there are three or four colorful canvases fresh off the easel. Please call her anytime directly to see new and current work available.
Valerie Olafson received her BFA (Interior Architecture & Photography) from Northern Illinois University in 1994. She continued her education at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, finishing her MS in Historic Preservation in 1996. Her career has spanned the arts from Theater to Architecture to Photography. Teaching at Rock Valley College gives her the opportunity to share her love of art with younger (and older) people. Raising awareness of the arts is a primary goal in her teaching.
Olafson began exhibiting her photographic work in 1993. Since that time she has created several solo shows and participated in group shows. She had the privilege of collaborating on a dual show with painter and friend Keith Grace called Same Soucre in 1996. In 2002 she and dancer/choreographer Margaret Rennerfeldt created Bare Stage, which consisted of a photographic exhibit and a coordinating performance.
In February 2005 Valerie had the adventure of a lifetime. She was a member of the installation crew of the Christo/Jeanne Claude “Gates” project in Central Park. This was such a rewarding experience that she is not so patiently waiting for the “Over the River” project to be approved and to vie for a spot on that crew as well.
I am exploring fears and afflictions that bind our psyches. I am interested in how each of us feels out of control in our own lives, my work comes from personal struggles. I create my drawings with attention to detail, while exaggerating reality. In my process I utilize many photographs as reference for my initial idea. In the process of my work, the idea begins to take form portraying psychological anxieties and fears.
While I do work with photos, I do not strive to create the appearance of a particular person or a perfect resemblance to the original image. I make it my own to fit the end result of what I am thinking and the implied emotion attached to each drawing. The attention to detail, in my drawings is my own interpretation and reflection of my thoughts and ideas. Essentially these drawings are our anxieties and psychological stresses exposed. These anxieties depicted through my drawings are essentially what makes us human.
More than a photographer, Sherry Pritz combines distinctive images with artistic enhancements to create her signature contemporary style. Working in both black and white, and color, she highlights certain aspects of an original photograph, with results resembling a painting. By selecting and skillfully layering a palette of colors, her subjects take on a surreal, sometimes abstract feel and a completely unique perspective emerges.
Her work, with an urban appeal, commands attention in business and private settings – as an organic backdrop or a shining focal point. And a diverse range of subjects takes viewers from the simplest location in nature to exotic landmarks.
Her work is compared by many to Maxfield Parrish’s paintings, “known for their distinctive saturated hues and idealized neo-classical imagery.”
Sherry’s talent has been the focus of regional and national interest. ABC’s Extreme Makeover: Home Edition selected her vibrant piece Sunflower for a 2009 episode. Her next project involves synchronizing iconic images of her home town for a symphony performance, Mussorgsky/Ravel’s “Pictures at an Exhibition.”
Therese Rowinski is a free-lance artist and muralist who works in acrylics, oils and watercolors. Her murals can be found in residential homes, businesses and restaurants. She has artwork in several states including two exterior murals in Florida.
She participates regularly in various local art shows including “Unforgettable Art,” “Spring and Fall ArtScene” and “Doors of Rockford.”
She is co-owner of 317 Market Street Studio and Gallery in downtown Rockford. Therese has taught art to children K-5th grade through Young Rembrandts.
Sixty years ago, ten amateur artists formed the Rockford Art Guild (RAG) to help encourage and support each other. Over the years RAG has provided education, resources and support to its’ members.The Guild organizes shows for members, such as the annual show at Nicholas Conservatory, Rockford Art Museum, Mendelssohn PAC, Katie’s Cup, Rockford Area Arts Council’s Spring & Fall ArtScene just to name a few. Dee is currently the president of the Rockford Art Guild.
To celebrate their 60th anniversary, RAG is creating a MOSAIC of art guild work featuring 60 pieces of 8x8” art produced by present and past Guild members, combined into one mosaic of art telling the story of the Guild – the variety of color and movement and subject reflects the great variety of people and their art that is present in the Guild. The Mosaic Artwork will be shown at the Guild’s show “We are Rockford”, (through June 7th) at the Rockford Art Museum as well as Fall ArtScene in October. http://www.rockfordartguild.com
Susan Schumacher is an artist with more than 32 years experience teaching art to all ages. As an arts integration specialist, she works with teachers to design and conduct art projects that reinforce learning on specific topics, including, but not limited to:
Susan has been published in School Arts Magazine and was selected as an arts educator of the year by the Illinois Alliance for Arts in Education. She has been a presenter at the Art Institute of Chicago and has years of experience writing curriculum, conducting workshops and facilitating projects with groups. In her free time, she paints in watercolor and acrylics, enjoys fibers and mixed media, and designs and creates agate jewelry.
Jeff Sprecher’s art prowess began early in high school. As a freshman at West High in Rockford, one of his art class projects was chosen for exhibit at the Young Artist Show at the Burpee Museum. Jeff’s creativity expanded beyond painting, although this is where his passion and satisfaction lies, he became a new product designer and inventor. He’s designed many new projects, logos and even wrote a screenplay.
He just recently moved back to the Rockford area to be closer to family and he hopes to start exhibiting and selling his artwork.
Nancy von Lugossy is a California native who grew up on Long Island, New York. She has been living in Rockford for the past 14 years. The mixed media paintings she is currently creating are an amalgam of her last 52 years of experience. She started out studying Philosophy, has a degree in Marketing, and studied Environmental Design at Parson’s School of design in New York. She worked as an Interior Designer in New York until moving to Europe with her husband and daughter in 1991. Moving to Rockford created the challenge of fulfilling herself creatively and taking care of her 3 year old daughter.
Painting was something she could do in between school runs and birthday parties. When her daughter’s school lost their art teacher she filled in for a year. That experience connected her to the Rockford Area Arts Council and the Rockford Art Museum. The Art Museum eventually invited her to be its Artist-in-Residence for the 2002-2003 school year. She has sold her work at the Greenwich Village Art Fair, Art on the Lawn, Spring ArtScene, Fall ArtScene, her own gallery, and to numerous private collectors. A few years ago she took up welding and now with two MIG welders and a plasma cutter in her garage welding studio she’s ready to begin another chapter. To be continued…..
Art is an organic expression that grows from an artist’s soul. Over the years that expression takes many forms. Today my work is taking shape with metal, bark, and beeswax. My schooling was in architecture as sculpture in the environment. Even though these works are small in comparison, to me they are three dimensional spaces within our collective mind.
Nick Votava is a young artist born and raised in Rockford, IL. Nick earned his B.F.A. in painting from the University of Iowa in 2012. Aside from painting he also enjoys working in the mediums of sculpture and printmaking. Nick has shown work in individual and group exhibitions and worked as a gallery coordinator while attending school.
About three years ago I was making Valentines Day cards with a boy as part of a club activity in which I was a member. The boy was mentally and physically disabled, and could not communicate verbally. I handed him a piece of paper and a crayon. As I was drawing on my own valentine I occasionally looked up and watched the boy work. It was amazing to see what he was doing. His paper was covered with an unrecognizable form that he repeated over and over again. He had not been taught to draw this way and could not explain to me why he enjoyed drawing like this, but his hand kept moving in the exact pattern time and time again. It was as if he was searching for a constant in a world of unknowns. I may never meet that boy again, but each time I pick up a pen I am reminded to search for those details we can control. I am reminded to pursue my journey with my entire being. I am reminded to always pursue my craft in a way that makes sense to me. I am reminded to rerun, restate, and repeat.
Artist Carolyn Williams is from Rockford, and still lives here with her husband Tommy Williams, son Thomas, and her lovely 3 year old granddaughter Kamiya. She has two other daughters who reside outside of Illinois, both married and have 3 children each. Carolyn worked 31 years for Hamilton Sundstrand as a Material analysist but retired in 2008.
Caroly has always loved and appreciated art but didn’t start painting herself until 2002. Inspired by a picture that her younger sister described as a great picture that was in a liquidation sale, but when she went back to see it for herself it was sold. That is when Carolyn made her first attempt to paint on canvas. Her first painting was of an abstract jazz band that’s been donated to, and is on display at Booker Washington Center here in Rockford. Her family, church family, co-workers and strangers alike have encouraged her to continue painting.
Carolyn is blessed with a God given talent that allows her to express herself through impressions of family and folks from southern culture expressed in mid-western upbringing. Her work is passionately painted in acrylics on canvas in colors that will come alive to celebrate and inspire the traditions that reflect the life she lives.
David Zoberis is an artist displaying a painterly view of representational colorful images in everyday life through different art media. He has worked in a successful outsider status starting in 1994 across Illinois until 2006 accepting awards at group art events. These include an Honorable Mention in the 2004 GlenEllyn Art Festival to Best of Show at the Grayslake 11th Art Show in 2006.Displays include Geneva Train Station 2003, Rockford’s Clock Tower Resort 2004, Doubletree Hilton Oakbrook, IL 2006 until present.
David received academic training from Professor Rolman from Northern Illinois University in watercolor painting and earned a BFA in painting in 2006. Displayed Paintings of Prague and Sarejevo for the Lincolnwood Symphony Orchestra concerts in 2008 at Northeastern University in Chicago. Most recent gallery shows were 2011 Rockford Greenwich Village, 2012 Desmidi Gallery and Tin Duck Gallery, Chicago 2013 and Robert Jendra Gallery in 2014. Last indoor/outdoor Arts events were “Unforgettable Art for the Alzheimer’s Rockford in both 2013 and 2014.
Lectured on the series of mixed media presentation “Painting of Illinois One Room Schoolhouses” on display at the Blackwell Museum at NIU. Last 10 seminars and workshops given inside of 2014 included a tour of designated Illinois Libraries including Cortland, DeKalb, Loves Park, Malta and Waterman. Zobie’s Artwork is David’s studio located in Maple Park. Commissions as are completed there and classes are conducted during the summer months for aspiring local artists.
My life passion is to engage within creative conquest, beginning with sparks of colorful hope, lighting up a promise in creating images of the past and present and placing them in painterly forms today. While the motion of making art starts, time seems to stop and painting begins. My environment becomes the image. Extreme involvement carries a heavy weight and guarantees a quirky impression from the soul where light, color and paint are more personal than naive. Each captured final journey contains manifested hybrid mixtures of academic and outsider influenced art worked through a cycle of treks created with a painterly innocence.
On this page, you can see photo albums of events that were held in the past including rehearsal photos and flyers of events.
On this page, you can see videos of the past events. In the future, I'm going to add performance videos such as standard songs.
On this page, You can check the events to be held in the future including street performance and street performance festivals.
one bobby pin hairstyle - 28 images - bobby pin hairstyles best hairstyles and haircuts for, best 25 bobby pin hairstyles ideas on hair, adorable hairstyles with bobby pins, bobby pin hairstyles and stylish looks with this, adorable hairstyles with bobby pins
He’s a mysterious artist -graphic designer and electronic musician- from Berlin that you’ve probably never heard of, but he already has a Greatest hits comp out. Great time to get familiar.
Jeff “The Wizard” Mills:Detroit’s Techno Wizard talks hanging up his plaque. We say, since it ain’t broke, keep The Wizard in business.
Inner City’s Kevin Saunderson and singer/songwriters Paris Grey and Ann Saunderson sit down for an in depth interview about their past, present, and ‘Future’.
Inner City is back with ‘Future’, their first entirely new material since parting company in 2001. We couldn’t be happier! Watch a special video and listen to two new remixes here!
Kyle Hall brings House, Dubstep, Funk, deep dark, broken beats and creates something way north of ordinary, yet pleasurable to the ears! Do yourself a favor and listen.
1200Dreams mission is to not only shine the strobe-light on the artists, professionals, and companies involved in the nightlife industry, but the culture that exists within its beating heart.
Get up close and personal. Providing opportunities for people to experience visual art in person is a key part of our mission. We have three different exhibition galleries in our building, as well as outdoor and auxiliary shows around town.
Our main gallery features traditional, contemporary and cutting edge work by established and emerging artists throughout the Bay Area. Located at 1337 Fourth Street, this gallery showcases the best of local art through large storefront windows in the heart of San Rafael. To the serious collector, art lover or visitor, the gallery serves as the public face of Art Works Downtown and a direct connection to our community.
The Underground Gallery features a wide variety of work in an intimate setting. This space is available monthly to artists for solo shows, small group shows, or installations.
This gallery offers an attractive exhibition space as well as a unique setting for parties or events. This space is available monthly to artists for solo shows orsmall group shows.
This gallery offers an intimate exhibition space in a street level display space. This space is available monthly to artists for solo shows or small group shows.
Experience rotating installations of outdoor art and sculpture in several downtown locations, exhibited in partnership with the City of San Rafael.
African Mask Quiz 1 tests your ability to identify individual mask designs while African Mask Quiz 2 tests your knowledge of the people and customs associated with a mask.
Our Ancient Egyptian Art Quiz tests what you know about Ancient Egyptian culture: their Art, Gods, Crowns and Hieroglyphics.
Our Color Quiz tests your knowledge of the physical and psychological properties of color including color theory, color terms, color mixing and color symbolism.
Our Art Movements Quiz tests your knowledge of the great artists associated with each movement and your ability to recognise their individual styles of art.
It is best to begin any portrait with the eyes as they are the focal point and most revealing feature of the face. They are the key to the success of the work. If you get them right at the start, it boosts your confidence for the rest of the portrait. If you get them wrong and have to start again, you have not wasted time drawing the rest of the face.
The first marks that we make in our charcoal and chalk drawing are the distances across and between the eyes.
We take care to observe any subtle variations in the symmetry of the eyes. It is these small differences that will help us capture the unique likeness of our sitter.
Pay particular attention to drawing the circles that form the iris in each eye. Note how they disappear beneath the eyelids, slightly more under the top lid than the bottom.
Don't be tempted to outline the shapes of the eyebrows. It is better to gradually build up their forms in lines that follow the direction of their growth.
At this stage we begin to embed the eyes into the form of the face by establishing the general tones in and around them.
This is done by lightly shading the darker areas of tone with soft strokes from a charcoal stick. We then blend these with a tortillon, a tissue or a finger which both lightens and merges the areas into a unified tone. A tortillon (paper blending stump) can be sharpened to a point and is ideal for smaller details, whereas a tissue or your finger is more efficient for larger areas.
It is best to apply your tones lightly as it is easier to darken them when you come to balance the elements of the drawing at a later stage. It is always more difficult to lighten a dark tone than it is to darken a light tone.
Now we begin to pick out the details of the eyes, eyelids and eyebrows with a sharp charcoal pencil, using the same technique as traditional pencil drawing.
Start to build up the darker details leaving any lighter areas, such as the highlights on the skin and reflections in the eyes, the natural mid-tone of the paper. These highlights and reflections will be heightened with white chalk in the final stage of the drawing.
This requires that we look again at our subject, searching for the darker tones and details that we ignored on our first look.
Drawing is essentially a process of observing and recording what we see, but we never get all the information we need in a single glance. First, we need to look and register what we see. Then we need to look again to discover what we missed. In due course we continue this process until we are happy that we have recorded and balanced all the elements of line, shape and tone that we see in our subject.
Applying the final highlights with white chalk is the most exciting part of drawing with charcoal and chalk. It is the missing element that brings your drawing to life.
For drawing the reflections in the eyes, you should sharpen your chalk to a fine point with a large pencil sharpener or craft knife.
Lightly shade the highlights on the skin and merge them with a blending stump, tissue or finger to suggest the natural form and glow of the complexion.
In our illustration above you can see how our charcoal and chalk drawing is built up in a series of layers that gradually refine the line, tone and texture of the image to create a convincing representation of the eyes.
Addey and Stanhope is a high-achieving school where students feel safe and happy. Our students are supported by excellent teaching, a curriculum that caters to their individual needs and provides them with a range of enrichment opportunities. Addeys is a small, caring, inclusive school where all students are known as individuals and where their particular skills and talents can be developed to the full. Please take the time to watch our school film here - Being part of Addeys...
On behalf of our dedicated governors, staff and students, I warmly invite you to be part of our future.
Once an Addeyan, always an Addeyan: a commemoration and celebration of our achievements past and present.
On the evening of Wednesday 13th September, Addey and Stanhope were proud to host a careers speed-networking event ...
RESULTS DAY 2017 - Thursday 24th August 2017. Students are expected to arrive in school from 9:30 to 12:30 to co...
Interior, Techos De Madera Para Interiores was posted June on this site by Aniesha.net. More over Techos De Madera Para Interiores has viewed by 60515 visitor.
Interior, Como Ambientar Mi Casa was posted June on this site by Aniesha.net. More over Como Ambientar Mi Casa has viewed by 87165 visitor.
Interior, Diseños De Techos De Casas Modernas was posted June on this site by Aniesha.net. More over Diseños De Techos De Casas Modernas has viewed by 49908 visitor.
Interior, Empresas Constructoras was posted June on this site by Aniesha.net. More over Empresas Constructoras has viewed by 82136 visitor.
Interior, Ideas Para Diseño De Interiores was posted June on this site by Aniesha.net. More over Ideas Para Diseño De Interiores has viewed by 1630 visitor.
Interior, Construccion De Casas Pequeñas Modernas was posted June on this site by Aniesha.net. More over Construccion De Casas Pequeñas Modernas has viewed by 83845 visitor.
Interior, Impresion 3d Construccion was posted June on this site by Aniesha.net. More over Impresion 3d Construccion has viewed by 1437 visitor.
KOMPAS and other solutions from ASCON can be purchased online from our partners. Please visit these online shops:
To request detailed information about KOMPAS solutions, initiate discussion of your needs, or to obtain support and training, please contact one of ASCON Offices or its resellers.
KOMPAS-3D creates associative three-dimensional models of individual parts and assemblies. The models can be made from original designs and/or standard part libraries. Its parametric technology allows you to quickly generate ranges of product models based on single prototypes. Numerous utility functions help you solve auxiliary design and production problems.
A key feature of KOMPAS-3D is that it uses its own modeling kernel and parametric system, both of which were developed by the specialists at ASCON.
The fundamental purpose of KOMPAS-3D is to model new products quickly, to reduce their design time and to launch them into production as fast as possible. These goals are reached by the following features found in KOMPAS-3D:
Quickly creates engineering and design documentation for production output, including assembly drawings, BOMs, and detail drawings.
KOMPAS-3D supports IGES, SAT, XT, STEP, and VRML formats, among many others, allowing you to import and export models to and from a variety of other CAD, CAM, and CAE systems.
And if we do, say, a Christmas pic which hemisphere should we be thinking of? Do we want snow or sand? I guess it doesn't really matter.... just wondering... ::goes of to eat gummy snacks::
Cool idea! You're probably better off NOT picking months though......because what if 12 people pick December and no one does May????? Well, I mean you can pick months, but unless you got a lot of entries, a lot of months could be left unfilled because months with big holidays would get the most entries.
I'd like to help, I don't know if polling is going to be necessary....if you get 12 entries or less, then everyone can just get a month and I (or Nair if she's interested) can do whatever's leftover. If a lot of people enter, THEN you can worry about a vote.
im entering definitely, but does it have to be of an already existing anime, or can it be completely original? u no? and whens the deadline ?
Original is fine, actually I would think it would be better to have original art..... You know, it'll be an original AB calendar.... ^^
Erm, and I've calculated the size of the drawing so that everyone could print it on the sheet, not having to go in their settings.. You know, there's always a lil border around what you print....
Ohh, about that problem, Chiki said that the best 10 entries will be selected, like the best one would be january, runner-up would be february....
Only october and december are special, because of Halloween and X-mas. So those two, you can draw something special for them, and it would be something totally appart from the 10 months, so that's why Chiki allowed 2 entries: one for any month (you dunno which it'll be displayed on if you are selected) and one for october or december...
In short, main entries which don't consern october or december's celebrations will be displayed on whatever month, depending of their ranking at the end of vote or selection or whatever.
Other entries, those for either october or december... The best will be chosen and will be displayed on THOSE SPECIFIC months.
Um... ::raises hand:: I have a question.... are we submitting them to this thread, or do we need to send 'em to someone? It doesn't look like anyone else has posted theirs yet, so I wuz jes' wondering.....
Erm, we'll start a new thread I guess, where only submissions will be posted, so it's less confusing... This thread's for ideas and such...
well ... about the months with holiday .. arrrgg .... 5 are accepted : Halloween, Christmas, Valentine Day's, Easter and AB birthday ...... I should Have think before about it ... ><;;
ProjetAkira : You're obsession with DDR and willingness to give me pictures of a male you, have made you AB's most frightening member EVER ....
If by high art you mean it's fun to smoke pot and look at Mike Mignola's art, I'm in total agreement.
- Tom Spurgeon (writer for the comics journal), on whether or not Mike Mignola's Hellboy is high art
Ten more days Nefla... and Chiki said "here" in her first post, so does that mean this thread or is someone gonna make a new one? Wait, I asked that already, didn't I? Aww crap, Nair's gonna kill me....
I gotta hurry up too ..... 10 to make a CGing .. my Cg is bad .. I think I'll use the good old pencils ....
Aw crap, that's right! I forgot that nearly everyone here uses that darn CG stuff.... I'm too poor to get me a decent program. Please do pencils Chiki! So I won't be the only one!
The property is a 24,086 SF office/warehouse facility on 3.48 acre site. Main floor comprises 21,969 SF, which includes office areas of 5,442 SF plus breakroom and restrooms (570 SF), and a warehouse area of 15,957 SF. Upstairs conference, office, loft and storage is 2,117 SF. Built in 1977 and modified in 2002. The entire building is centrally heated and air-conditioned. Of the 3.48 acre site, 0.58 acre is excess land. Anticipated development in the area and key location indicates strong upside potential as a long-term investment.
Please note that the information for Wickes In Ashford, Unit 1 Foster Road, Ashford Business Park, Sevington, Ashford, Kent, Truro, Cornwall and all other Stores is for reference only.
It is strongly recommended that you get in touch with the Store 01233 502088 before your visit to double-check the details and other questions you may have.
Apologies, this Store does not provide them with a holiday to the opening times. Please contact this Store directly 01233 502088 to check Opening hours.
Below you can see the information about the Store of Wickes In Ashford, Unit 1 Foster Road, Ashford Business Park, Sevington, Ashford, Kent, Truro, Cornwall, including the location on Google maps, address and opening hours.
We have made efforts to ensure that we have the details of all Stores are up to date. If you notice an error, please help us.
It is also possible to : Edit these OPENING HOURS of Store Wickes In Ashford, Unit 1 Foster Road, Ashford Business Park, Sevington, Ashford, Kent, Truro, Cornwall,
By clicking on the link: Edit details, to edit StreetName and number, Postcode, TelephoneNumber of Store Wickes In Ashford, Unit 1 Foster Road, Ashford Business Park, Sevington, Ashford, Kent, Truro, Cornwall, write us your comments and suggestions.
Also, when you click on the markers you get briefly : Open / Closed status of Nearest stores of, Store Address.
A more detailed map with all the Store Wickes Stores In Uk you will find by clicking on the link Wickes Locator.
Email Verifier is a web based email verification tool for email address verification services at affordable prices. Our email verifier service will help you clean your mailing list by validating each email you upload and verify email.
Email Verifier is a web based email verification tool for email address verification services at affordable prices. Our email verifier service will help you clean your mailing list by validating each email you upload and verify email. Our 12 stage email verification process will ensure you get rid of all invalid emails and helping you boost your return on investment (ROI) for email marketing campaigns.
The Free PDF cube saved my $200 and does work so fast and makes same PDF files as a Professional PDF tool. Great job Guys.
This is amazing earlier thought this is gimmick but is 100% free really. Keep making more Free tools
Extracts email address from Websites/URLs on internet &amp; through popular search engines like (Bing, Google, Askcom, Yahoo, Lycos, Altavista etc). It extracts 10000's of email address from web-page on websites with various criteria of searching emails.
Extracts email addresses from Websites/Internet through popular search engines as (Bing, Google, Askcom, Yahoo, Lycos, Altavista etc). It extracts 10000's of email addresses from web-pages on internet. Extract emails from Websites &amp; via search engine
Extracts email addresses from websites/internet through popular search engines like (Bing, Google, Askcom, Yahoo, Lycos, Altavista etc). It extracts 10000's of email address from web-page on internet with various criteria of searching emails.
Email Spider extracts email address from Websites/URLs on internet through popular search engines like (Bing, Google, Askcom, Yahoo, Lycos, Altavista etc). It extracts 10000's of email address from web-page with various criteria of searching and give
Batch Printing v2.4 Prints Bunch of DOC, DOCX, PDF etc file in Batch & file's printing can be scheduled. Batch Printer can prints many number of files in batch. It supports file formats such as DOC/DOCX, PDF, TXT, JPG/Jpeg, html, RTF, PPT, POT etc.
WebDwarf Free is Virtual Mechanics' easy to use drag-and-drop web page maker. WebDwarf Free combines a word processor with spell checker, a graphics and image editor, special effects, built-in FTP to publish directly to your website and more.
Asoftech Photo Recovery is an easy to use data recovery software available to restore your photos, music and videos from local PC and removable devices. No matter multimedia files have been deleted accidently, or memory card has been formatted.
WinX Free FLV to PSP Converter is the best free FLV to PSP video converting solution which aims to help users enjoy FLV video on PSP as they need. Moreover, this free FLV to PSP converter enables you to grab movie scenes and save as PNG image format. Owe to its advanced technology and high quality output, WinX Free FLV to PSP Converter is generally regarded as the most trustful and smartest free FLV to PSP video converter. Supporting Batch conversion, it facilitates users to convert two or more videos at a time. Besides, this FLV to PSP converter freeware permits users to customize both video and audio parameters according to your needs.
Overall, WinX Free FLV to PSP Converter is probably a good choice for customers who are looking for an easy-to-use and free one. This powerful FLV to PSP converter makes me have a nice enjoyment for watching video on my PSP.
WinX Free MOV to MP4 Converter is a free video converter which is designed to convert video from MOV to MP4 format for playback QuickTime MOV video files on MP4 compatible players or devices.
WinX Free WMV to MP4 Converter is an easy-to-use free video converter that free converts WMV to MP4 for playback on MP4 compatible Mobile phones and Media players, such as Nokia, Motorola, iPhone, iPad, iPod etc.
WinX Free VOB to MP4 Converter is the best free VOB to MP4 video converter that helps you convert VOB to MP4 for playback on MP4 compatible video players. Besides, this free VOB to MP4 converter also can grab images and save as PNG pictures.
Murin's lands his dream job with the demon king he's always held in awe, but when his tenure begins, it turns out the demon king isn't quite what he expected...
No infringement is intended and this article is purely for informational purposes. The images of the series are for indicative purposes only.
I would like to know what editor let this slide through into print. One who obviously doesn’t have a gutter mind like the rest of us. Hey, it’s Breeder’s Cup week here in Los Angeles. If you’re unfamiliar, The Breeder’s Cup is more or less the Super Bowl of horse racing. Bob Baffert is a pretty well-known trainer. A trainer who reluctantly pulled out of Juvenile. The Juvenile is actually a $2 million race for two-year-old horses. You see, Baffert had to pull one of his horses out of that race. He didn’t actually pull out of a juvenile. Still, Mark Whicker looks awfully dumb. (these...
Yup. That’s New England Patriots quarterback and husband of Giselle, Tom Brady, as a young, basketball playing dork. What’s with the shit-eating grin, Tom? Brady posted this on Facebook to wish the Boston Celtics good luck on their new season, which they will probably totally suck at. So yeah, the headband was obviously Photoshopped on for that purpose. The rest is all young Brady. Something tells me he was thinking to himself at that very moment, “One day, I will marry a supermodel.” You rock on with your bad self, Tom...
I would like to know what editor let this slide through into print. One who obviously doesn’t have a gutter mind like the rest of us. Hey, it’s Breeder’s Cup week here in Los Angeles. If you’re unfamiliar, The Breeder’s Cup is more or less the Super Bowl of horse racing. Bob Baffert is a pretty well-known trainer. A trainer who reluctantly pulled out of Juvenile. The Juvenile is actually a $2 million race...
Yup. That’s New England Patriots quarterback and husband of Giselle, Tom Brady, as a young, basketball playing dork. What’s with the shit-eating grin, Tom? Brady posted this on Facebook to wish the Boston Celtics good luck on their new season, which they will probably totally suck at. So yeah, the headband was obviously Photoshopped on for that purpose. The rest is all young Brady. Something tells me he was thinking to...
Where to even begin? First, we should note this is all about soccer and that it was a planned brawl. Thirty-eight dudes who are fans of Spartak show up to brawl with 38 dudes who are fans of Dynamo on some frozen Russian road in the middle of nowhere. These teams are rivals, you see? So their fans need to fight each other before the big game! It’s all very well orchestrated. One team’s fans wear black. The other...
This is the Derry City team photo. They play in the League of Ireland Premier Division, so you’d think they could afford a bench that people can actually sit on. Not the case! The part of this that makes me laugh each and every time I look at it is the guy in the lower left. Everybody else just landed on their ass. The guy in the lower left is clearly dead. (these...
Steve Perry, the former lead singer of Journey, is a big San Francisco Giants fan. He’s from San Francisco and turns up at their games from time to time, like the past two games they’ve played in the NLCS. And if you know anything about postseason baseball, it’s that teams LOVE to play Journey songs, especially Don’t Stop Believin’. One of those teams is the San Francisco Giants. Another is the Kansas...
The Kansas City Royals booked their ticket to the World Series Wednesday evening. Actor Paul Rudd, who is from nearby Overland Park and a long-time Royals fan, was on hand for the ALCS-clinching win. Naturally, some local news hack wanted to interview him and Paul agreed. Toward the end of this compelling interview, local news hack asks Rudd where he’s going to party. Because hey, I want to hang out with Paul Rudd! Where you...
1. Alcohol wiping the needle disinfecting, the alcohol cleansing the skin that needs to be operated at the site.
2. To determine the stalls and the operation of the surface shallow, small area of the use of small parts of the
operation, the larger the use of large stalls operation, (not pierce the skin operation) operation gently in the
3. If you want to remove the parts of the nevus or granulation area is required to be in the first operation of the
1. The use of this equipment for the first time, it is suggested that using apple under test, when fully familiar
2. 4-10 days after operation is scabby, operating area appears erythema or temporarily pigmentation pigmentation
La Casita – Become the Owner of your Apartment on the Heart of Hua Hin, 400m from the Beach for 55 000€!
“Phuket, also called ‘The Andaman pearl” has always been considered as the major tourism Hub in the South of Thailand. Absorbing almost a third of the 35.4 million tourists who visited Thailand in 2017, Phuket benefits from one of the most vigorous economic and demographic growth in the Siam Kingdom. The major characteristic demonstrated by research on Phuket economy and tourism is a clear tendency to become a year-long destination, with, year after year a slimmer gap between high and low season. Nowadays the main question is to know how Phuket will take advantage of this exponential growth? To answer this question, please find here the five projects that will transform Phuket.
To respond to a regular increase in Phuket tourism and also Phuket tendency to attract more and more expats and retirees, Central Phuket Group invested more than 20 Billion Baht in the creation of an international standard shopping mall, which welcomed its first visitors on 10 September 2018. In the heart of Phuket and located on the main road, Central Phuket covers more than 400,000 square meters. Central Phuket counts with more than 700 shops and has nothing to envy to the biggest Shopping malls of Bangkok. The most famous shops are CDS, Central Food Hall, Top market, Power buy, Supersports, B2S, OfficeMate, SFX Cinema at Aquaria. To fit with Phuket leading position in the south of Thailand, Central Phuket has been designed and built
to be the biggest and most attractive shopping mall in the whole south. The idea behind Central Phuket projects is to create more than a shopping place but an attractive destination for Phuket visitors from all over the world.
– The Mystic Forest’, is the first creation of a wonderland paradise of the future, combining advanced technology with Thai culture and a green zone area. The activities available on over 5
rai of land include ‘Adventure’ and ‘Relax’ zones. It will be a must-visit destination for visitors from around the world.
– ‘Aquaria’ is CPN’s first partnership between Thailand and Malaysia to create a world-class attraction. It will have the largest underwater world in Thailand and the largest ‘Aquascape’ in
– Tales of Thailand’, another first: a floating market at the shopping centre, where people can shop, browse and chill out with a traditional Thai floating market atmosphere. [source]
The general consensus regarding the future of Phuket is clear and all indicators are pointing toward a constant growth fed by tourism, therefore the benefits of this new generation light rail project are evident.
Phuket Light Rail will allow Phuket to absorb the sharp increase in the number of visitors expected in the next coming years and make the roads of Phuket more fluid avoiding traffic jams. This project will also tremendously help the 9.2 millions of passengers landing in Phuket airport each year to reach their final destination in Phuket in a faster and cheaper manner.
This project will bring a radical change to the transport organization around the island by covering more than 58 Km of railway with 24 stations from the North of Phuket, passing by Phuket airport and finally reaching Chalong.
Born through a fusion between the private and public sectors the total budget for this project reaches 39.4 billion baht and is considered as a very positive sign by locals and foreign investors showing that both sectors agree on an exponential increase expected on the number of visitors and long-term residents in Phuket and both private and public sectors make big investments to capitalize on this growth. The Beginning of the construction is scheduled in 2020 and the project will be fully operational in 2023.
Expected for a long time and finally completed in last April, the main goal of this project is also to make the traffic more fluid around Phuket. Launched in 2006 by an alliance of 25 Investors and key members of the most influent families in Phuket business, Phuket Smart Bus Ltd (PKSB) created the first public bus transportation network around the west coast of Phuket. This smart bus network will count on 12 bus stops between the International Airport down to Rawai Pier and operates in both ways giving a new transport option for the millions of tourists reaching Phuket
With an affordable cost varying between 50 to 170 THB depending on the distance, it is now possible for locals and tourists to use the bus network from 06:45 to 19:15. Using last generation technology, the payment can be done with a Rabbit Smart Card sold by hostesses on board and also in numerous shops all around Phuket and Thailand.
A brand new high tech marina announced for Phuket. The company SUTL Ltd specialized in the creation and development of marinas and marine infrastructures reached an agreement on the purchase of 60% Makham Bay Marina (MBM) shares for a total of 5.6 million dollars. MBM possesses construction and development permits and ownership or the concerned area for 30
years. The total cost for this high tech marina construction is estimated at 24,3 million dollars. This luxury marina will have all the necessary equipment to welcome superyachts up to 61 meters long: marine sports infrastructures, well-being and relaxation areas and hotel rooms for yacht staffs and visitors.
Developed under “One15” brand, this project will cover more than 38 400 square meters and 66 hotel rooms with 4 villas, a gym centre, swimming pool, meeting room and multiple restaurants.
Located in a naturally sheltered area this marina will be opened 24/24 without any tide restriction and will be a central point for numerous tourism routes around neighbouring islands such as Koh Phiphi, Similan islands…
Local experts agree on the fact that the strategic location choice for this luxury marina demonstrates the clear intention of the Thai government to promote and develop Phuket as a top destination for yachts and superyachts from all around the world bringing with them lots of wealthy tourists gladly welcomed by the local real estate and business owners.
In agreement with Thailand 4.0 project to develop Thailand digital economy, the Thai government is investing in the creation and development of local infrastructures and revisits rules and regulation that could be slowing down investment opportunities.
The last occurrence in the application of Thailand 4.0 is without any doubt the creation of the Phuket Smart City concept which aims at making Phuket more productive, enjoyable and safer.
Following Ambition of the Digital Economy minister to transform Phuket in ”Smart city”. Phuket will, in the near future, grow to 1000 the number of Wifi hotspots around the island to make it easier for people to get internet access and use connected devices.
The whole Phuket province could soon see foreign tourists equipped with connected bracelets to locate them in case of dangers or accidents and also in order to collect data to allow Phuket to offer better and adjusted services.
These bracelets will also be very useful tools to collect data about the economy, health, education, security and the environment. In order for Phuket to stay a safe city despite the increase in tourism, it has also been announced the development of facial recognition to prevent crime and criminality. Phuket Smart City will also be developed through cooperation between the Thai government and private firms which will also participate in the strong local growth and attract investors willing to benefit from Phuket economic and touristic expansion.
Our goal is to provide guides and advice to living in one of the world’s most charming yet complex societies, giving tips on where to live and how to enjoy as much as possible living in Thailand !
Shortly, thanks to our various articles, we will help you discover Thailand like if you were actually there :-) And for those like us who have the great pleasure to live here, we hope to share with you amazing aspects you don't know yet !
Peter de Jong, a leading figure in the regional travel industry, is among the many Bangkok-based expats being...
Dutch developer Peter Ton has picked the hills outside Hua Hin for a community with an unusually personal...
A Stream is a flow of data from the source to a sink. Source and sink are also called input and output streams, respectively.
Normally the term stream refers to the byte stream and the terms reader and writer refer to the character stream.
the modern city beside the beach modern city beside the beach modern city and beautiful beach the modern city on the beach panoramic city near the beach up lights modern building beside the river city beside the sea view the modern city near the river city near the beach city view near the beach at night reflection of the city beside river the modern city the modern city view city view on the beach the view of modern city a railway beside the beach modern city near the river building in the modern city city near the beach at night the river in the modern city the vintage building in modern city romantic love on the beach white boat on the beach the monkey sitting on stone near the beach two person statue on the beach girls go alone on the beach little girl jumping on the beach little girl in pink suit on the beach sea snail on the beach man on the beach snail shells on the beach palm trees in the beach orange sky on the beach footprints on the beach the house near the beach relaxing man on the beach
Homeschool Diploma Template High School Diploma Unschooling Pinterest High School Diploma Uploaded by absolutebookmarking on Tuesday, September 4th, 2018 in category Graphic Design.
See also Homeschool Diploma Template Homeschool Diploma Template Printable Diploma Template Homeschool from Graphic Design Topic.
Here we have another image Homeschool Diploma Template High School Fake 2 Free Printable Homeschool Diploma Template featured under Homeschool Diploma Template High School Diploma Unschooling Pinterest High School Diploma. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Homeschool Diploma Template High School Diploma Unschooling Pinterest High School Diploma.
(Address: Unit 3, 7/F., Kwong Sang Hong Centre, No. 151-153, Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong )
Please write down your computer brand,model and you need the LCD model before payment ,We check the products you need , then will send to you!
Receipt of goods at the same time remind you once again open in front of express cargo shape, appearance, the number of checks to sign. For example: whether the modification would not affect the use, especially liquid crystal without damage, whether or not with the number of orders and invoices you actually consistent. If questions arise, like all with the shipper shall promptly verify the situation and inform the courier or reject the problem parts.
You sign for the goods at the same time and the default security service items. Express left freight caused due to the emergence of any appearance deformation, damage, the number of discrepancies and so I will not be responsible
When you receive the goods, especially the day of the test screen. (Some screens is not our responsibility to screen sellers simply squeeze will appear bruised. Do not install static bags of dirt into the dust will enter backlit black spots. So besides the screen appears bright line, black and white, the other is not covered by the warranty Huaping range)
Customer unconditional return I will be charged 20% payment as compensation (the customer\'s own reasons for return, and no quality problems)
When you place an order, please choose a shipping method and pay for the order including the shipping fee. We will send the items within 3 days once your payment is completed.(Under special circumstances, we will promptly notify you of the delivery time)
We do not uarantee delivery time on all international shipments due to differences in customs clearing times in individual countries, which may affect how quickly your product is inspected. Please note that buyers are responsible for all additional customs fees, brokerage fees, duties, and taxes for importation into yourcountry. These additional fees may be collected at time of delivery. We will not refund shipping charges for refused shipments.
We will refund you if you return the items within 15 days of your receipt of the items for any reason. However, the buyer should make sure that the items returned are in their original conditions. If the items are damaged or lost when they are returned, the buyer will be responsible for such damage or loss, and we will not give the buyer a full refund. The buyer should try to file a claim with the logistic company to recover the cost of damage or loss.
We promise a warranty of 90 days for this item, and the shipping cost of returning should be afforded by the buyer.
Such as man-made factors, natural disasters caused damage will not in our warranty. For example: the installed improper, Nick, the tube touch bad, feed, etc... Store the selling of commodities have posted the warranty fragile tags, such as warranty tags in guarantee period be torn up. Disconnect or loss shall be deemed to be giving up the warranty, and we shall not accept any responsibility. Please attention!
Your satisfaction and positive feedback is very important to us. Please leave positive feedback and 5 stars if you are satisfied with our items and service.Thank you very much!we will do our best to satisfy to you
If you have any problems with our items or services, please feel free to contact us first before you leave negative feedback. We will do our best to solve any problems and provide you with the best customer services.
laminated wall panels Price panel houses Price marble panel Price metal sandwich panels Price painting feature wall Price lightweight sandwich panels Price panel house Price insulated sandwich panels Price modular houses Price
Vanessa Hudgens is an American actress and singer. She made her debut in 2003 appearing in the Hollywood films Thirteen and Thunderbirds, before reaching fame in 2006 after appearing in the Disney Channel film High School Musical hit series. Hudgens began a music career and released her debut album, V, in 2006.
Hudgens was born in Salinas, California, the daughter of Gina and Greg Hudgens. She has a younger sister, Stella Hudgens. Hudgens's father is an American of Irish and Native American descent, and her mother, who grew up in Manila, is a Filipino-born of Filipino, Spanish, and Chinese descent. Hudgens has been home-schooled since after her seventh-grade year at the Orange County High School of the Arts.
Starting at the age of eight, Hudgens performed in musical theater as a singer, and appeared in local productions of Carousel, The Wizard of Oz, The King and I, The Music Man, and Cinderella, among others. She got her first gig when her friend couldn't go to an audition for a commercial and asked if Vanessa could go.
Hudgens debuted in Thirteen as Noel and appeared in the 2004 film Thunderbirds as Tintin and appearances include guest roles on Quintuplets, Still Standing, The Brothers García and The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, as Corrie. Hudgens also appeared on Drake & Josh, playing Drake's girlfriend, Rebecca.
Hudgens' largest role among teenage audiences has been starring in the Disney Channel movie series High School Musical and High School Musical 2, starring as the shy, intelligent student Gabriella Montez. Hudgens and Efron had won "Best Chemistry" award at the Teen Choice Awards for their roles. The first High School Musical spawned a hit soundtrack, a worldwide concert tour, a show at Walt Disney World, and even a book series that helped Hudgens land in Forbes magazine's list of top-earning stars under 21." In the list, the 18-year-old Hudgens was No. 7 with estimated earnings of $2 million. Hudgens will reprise the role in the upcoming High School Musical 3: Senior Year, scheduled for release on October 24, 2008.
On January 11, 2008, The Hollywood Reporter announced that Hudgens would star in the comedy, Bandslam, alongside Gaelan Connell, Alyson Michalka, and Lisa Kudrow. Hudgens will play 15-year old Sam. Hudgens was also to have starred in Prom Night but turned down the offer to work on her music. Brittany Snow was offered the role instead.
Hudgens' debut album, entitled V, was released in early September 2006. She is signed with Hollywood Records, a Disney-owned record label. A music video for her first single, "Come Back To Me", debuted after the world premiere of The Cheetah Girls 2 in late August. The official music video for her second single, "Say OK", was first shown following the premiere of Disney's Jump In!. In August 2007 at the 2007 Teen Choice Awards, Hudgens was named the Choice Breakout Singer - Female.
In 2008, Hudgens new album is titled Identified. The first single from her new album, titled, "Sneakernight", premiered on Radio Disney. On the first week of the release of her album, Identified sold more than 22,000, 12, 000 less than her first album, V.
CONNECT JAPAN 2015 is one of the biggest "Cool Japan" events in Thailand and helped to introduce a wide range of Japanese culture, such as fashion, culture, food, local products, as well as tourism information to the Thai public and in doing so helped support the current "Japan boom" that is sweeping through country. Make sure you check out our photo report of FACo in BANGKOK, LinQ's live performance and all the various events that took place across the 3 days!
*Win an original DMM VR THEATER t-shirt or a tote bag signed by Anime director S. Mizushima & producer S. Suzuki!
How To order Generic Januvia without prescription. Januvia is a daily oral tablet used to treat type 2 diabetes. When combined with healthy diet and exercise, Generic Januvia works to control blood sugar levels and regulate insulin levels naturally produced by the body. Treat your diabetes the easy way, and reduce the risk of kidney damage, nerve disorders, impotency, heart attack, stroke and other conditions that may arise from high blood sugar levels, with Generic Januvia. Generic Januvia may also be marketed as: Januvia, Sitagliptin
Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis offers an accelerated BSN program for those who have completed a bachelor’s degree in a non-nursing field and wish to train for the bachelor’s degree in nursing. IUPUI accelerated nursing is…
Kennesaw State University located in Kennesaw, Georgia is a public comprehensive university offering both an undergraduate and graduate degree program….
The demand for qualified skilled nurses is changing at a rapid pace. The problem is so apparent institutions are devising…
When you have experience in nursing and you have a college degree, the Mass General accelerated nursing program is designed for…
Many college students who attend a two year college often find that the class credits they have earned are not…
People find that you are a kind and caring person. The health field is looking for individuals like you who…
An OU accelerated nursing program is comprehensive and requires a student to have strong written skills along with excellent oral…
Many people change careers during their life. Once they get into the workforce they find something that they would much…
Florida Atlantic University’s Christine E. Lynn College of Nursing at the Boca Campus offers a fast track option for completing…
BOOK YOUR PARTY PLACE NOW. By booking to join a party you agree to follow the rules of the event. Details here. The Phoenix is a Club and a place of action packed. SeekingRich. com is the best rich men dating site for rich men and women to meet each other. Join for free to find a rich man now. KailashCateres is a kind of Food amp; Drink apps for Android, 9Apps official website provides download and walkthrough sating KailashCateres, Play free KailashCateres online. Spam that Russian scammers send on the dating 89 dating Your source for the latest sex online dating sites boards.ie celebrity news, datint and relationship help, 89 dating tutorials, fashion trends, and more. 89 dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged 89 dating the last 89 dating centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. The Texarkana 89 dating is the premier source for local news and free dating in mobile al in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Me and my wife has been fight very frequently since the day we were married, even during the time of the marriage we were in an argument and clashing. Search the history of over 308 billion web pages on the Internet. buzzArab is the place for Arabs, Arab Christians, Muslims and just about everybody else who's looking for friends, dating or a life partner. Ben Higgins amp; Ashley I.
Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. 89 dating 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Elderly man black lesbian dating site london for attempting to strangle woman he met on Plenty of Fish Dating sites can seem almost 89 dating daunting as the Internet itself: With so many options, how do you know where to click.
The griffin, griffon, or gryphon (Greek: γρύφων, gr253;phōn, or γρύπων, gr253;pōn, early form γρύψ, gr253;ps; Latin: gryphus) is a legendary creature with. The Girls. Malaysian law is pretty strict on native Malay muslims drinking, as a result it is unlikely to encounter Malay girls at night. That what do you call a girl dating an older man, plenty 89 dating Chinese.
Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep dating site cops lack of experience from 89 dating a handicap in dating.
With Heather Vandeven, Brandin Rackley, Daniel Messier, Mary 89 dating. Based on a novel by Clara Darling, about a college grad online dating south african cupid heads to a big city looking for work. Get up to the minute 89 dating news, celebrity interviews, celeb videos, photos, movies, TV, music news and pop culture on ABCNews.
Com. Get the latest apps news headlines, breaking news on Android apps, iPhone apps, iOS apps, iPad apps. Why Your Boyfriend Won't Marry You: 10 Reasons You're Still Single Apr 24, 2013nbsp;0183;32;A new generation of young Brooklyn black males, many hiding their sexual identity, is worrying doctors who say they … Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Do you want to try finding love online. Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best. Read more at Men's Health. ChineseLoveLinks Review. ChineseLoveLinks. com is one of the leading Chinese personals and dating sites. It is an excellent site for finding Chinese singles around. Mario Games is number one online free games,play super mario games, arcade games and super mario bros flash video games for free in one place. If you are interested in Russian girl, Ukrainian women or Asian dating, review best mail order bride sites - AnastasiaDate, CharmDate, RussianCupid, etc. Information 89 dating the Gospel 89 dating Truth. Kent Brown writes (The Anchor Bible Dictionary, v. 6, 89 dating. 668): The date free online dating ukraine place of composition remain obscure. The Epipaleolithic Natufian 89 dating ( n ə ˈ t uː f 89 dating ə n ) existed meetup dating sydney around 12,500 carbon dating period of fossils 9,500 BC in the Levant, a region 89 dating the Eastern Mediterranean. Isotope: Half-life (years) Found 89 dating nature. Isotope: Half-life (years) Found in nature. In-115: 4. 41 x 10 14: 89 dating Gd-152: 1. 08 x 10 14: 89 dating Ba-130: 7. 00 x 89 dating 13. Rayisa dating the latest breaking news dating stanley wood planes the U. 89 dating ABCNews. com Couple finds bone while looking for shells at Sandy Hook. Eric Decibus and Heather Rusczyk went looking for seashells in Sandy Hook, a favorite spot of theirs. Fanatics. com is the ultimate sports apparel store and 89 dating Gear Shop. Our sports store 89 dating Football Jerseys, T-shirts, Hats and more for NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS. Beware when buying Wendy Houses and Nutec Homes in Cape Town We are sure many of you have been eagerly waiting to find out which MMORPG will fare the best, and of course, which MMORPG that we all can get excited for in 2017. Cosmopolitan recently published 18 Things Yall Should Know Before Dating a Girl From Texas, to help potential suitors prepare for dating a Texas girl. An interactive CSS playground and code sharing tool. Dabblet saves to Github gists and offers many conveniences for CSS editing. A hashtag is a type of metadata tag used on social networks such as Twitter and other microblogging services, allowing users to apply dynamic, user-generated tagging. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. The full list of the US News Best Countries ranking. Matchmaking Firm Testimonials by Kelleher International who has offered matchmaker services since 1986. Read but a sample of our testimonials and matchmaking reviews. Dec 07, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Riccardo G.
We are the best Herpes. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult datung site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. 89 dating Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. SeekingArrangement is best seeking arrangement dating website,it has been specifically designed to promote the relationships between sugar babies and sugar … David DeAngelo answers 89 dating questions and offers expert pickup and dating advice in his 89 dating colum for AskMen. The Republic of India (Hindi: भारत गणराज्य Bhārat Gaṇarājya), commonly known as India, is a country in South Asia.
The name India 89 dating derived. See quot;2017's Dtaing Free 89 dating Sites amp; Appsquot; as ranked by experts. Get 100 free trials, chat with local singles, and start dating online totally free. NEW for 2017 Click here personal message online dating 5 types of Online Dating Headlines that SNAG Attention [With the Top vating Examples] SalaamLove.
What type of insulation is used in a current transformer integrated into a SF6 gas EDT circuit breaker?. Anonymous on Jan 21st, 2015
Are EDI (72.5kV or 52kV indoor) breakers available for fixed and mobile versions ? Anonymous on Jan 17th, 2015
Email me at this address if my question is answered or commented on:Email me if my question is answered or commented on
Welcome to Q&A - Eyelidslift.com, where you can ask questions and receive answers from other members of the community.
The bathroom is finished, and it absolutely blows our minds. What a transformation! What Brian White from Cedar House Construction and Anitra Mecadon from the PURPLE® team have been able to design and create for us is unreal.
In the beginning we were anxious as we watched Brian’s team peel back the old drywall and find termite damage and black mold covering the ceiling. But once the repairs were done and the PURPLE® XP® Drywall went up, we knew that we would NEVER have to worry about having moisture, mold or mildew issues again.
Anitra went above and beyond to find us the most amazing tile and created a pattern for the floor and the shower that is just stunning. The vanity is our absolute favorite and not only provides tons of storage but is clean, sleek and beautifully painted.
Anitra and Brian sought out the perfect countertop that complements the tile and the bathroom colors, while the mirrors, lights and accessory touches just pull it all together. We now have this amazing bathroom that looks beyond what we could ever imagine. The boys are in heaven and now beg to take baths in their new tub and love that they each have their own sink and drawers.
I've resided in Deerfield and Buffalo Grove for 28 years and been a real estate broker for 20 years. I am familiar with all of north shore neighborhoods, Chicago loop, Gold Coast, Barrington areas inside-out and have the ability to assist you in selectin
General Description The Old Town Apartments is located in Florence making it one of the best hotels to stay at while in town. The Old Town Apartments boasts a convenient location with modern amenities in every guestroom and superb service. All of the guestrooms are replete with hair dryer, ironing board, television, bathtub, shower, separate shower and tub, microwave, kitchenette. This Florence accommodation features on-site facilities such as pets allowed. Being one of the good quality hotels in Florence, guests staying at this hotel will find its convenient location and tranquil atmosphere pleasurable. To make your booking at the Old Town Apartments Florence, please enter the dates of your stay and sumbit our secure online booking form.
According to this report, Khodnevis site in its latest insult to Imam Khomeini defined Imam Khomeini as a liar.
Imam Hadi( peace be upon him) was born in Medina to the ninth Shiah Imam, Muhammad al-Taqi, (also known as Imam Muhammad al-Jawad), and Lady Samane was his mother and His ...
Zihajeh 9th is Arafa day, a day to pray with Lord of worlds. Every moment is considered precious moments for us today especially for pray and asking our request. Arafah is ...
Abdollah Nouri in a meeting with released prisoners who had participated in sedition occurred in 1388 expressed what foreign medium have said repeatedly. He also tried to ...
Mohammad Khatami who played role in American- Israeli sedition occurred in 1388 should reply to the nation. He has hid himself behind recent election and he is thinking to ...
Moral Police has become a major issue these days. This question has risen that is Moral Police necessary for community or not? Some sites have addressed this issue in a survey ...
Therefore, Khodnevis Site, written by Nik Ahang Kothar, one of advocators of Mir Hussein Musavia nd karrubi wishes that current state stands against revolution goals as well ...
people concentrate on cinema in each country. People usually imitate what actors do and what they wear in order to look like them. Unfortunately, there is not any control ...
Hashemi in his latest interview about Iran –Saudi Arabia relation has pointed to the present of some Radicalism. He has tried to reminMd his memories in order to influence ...
Ali Reza Eftekhari has dedicated his new song titled Nasrin Flower to Nasrin Sotudeh who has been released in jail last week. He has said that “ I do not intend to talk about ...
Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution voiced support for the Iranian government’s diplomatic movements in New York but at the same time stressed that Tehran does not trust ...
Although Imam Javad(peace be upon him) was so young, he could spread his though and belief. Intellectual works and hadiths which have been narrated and questions have been ...
some days ago, Simaorgh news site has published a news titled “A girl was expelled from festival because of Hijab”. This news informed about A Palestinian girl who was expelled ...
Although the poems of Holy Defense also is called resistance literature and war poem, it is better to call it poem of holy defiance in order to remind the holy defiance during ...
molly bryant central molly with her mother jean molly gets much of her upbeat attitude from her mother who has recovered from ms molly bryant iowa law.
My students were struggling (and I mean struggling) with their basic addition facts. It was to the point where I would ask a quick addition fact and I had 2 blurters and 17 blank faces. (Ya feel me?!?) I knew I had to do something to get them excited and get them motivated to learn their facts...and FAST! Hello, they can't go to 2nd grade not knowing their addition facts! YIKES!!!
So, my kids (along with all Bieber lovin' kiddos) LOVE to sing, dance, and "shake it like Beyonce" as we say in our room. Not to mention, they all think they are the next big Rock Star...so they were my inspiration for this unit! I mean, why crush their dreams?!? If they want to be Rock Stars, I'm going to let them be! {Even if it is under false pretenses!!}
Ever since we began Addition Rock Stars my students have been begging to practice their math facts (and to tell me how long they practiced them each night)!! Makes my heart smile!
Here is how it all started. I knew that the ONLY way to get this to work was to get a buy in from the parental units. So, my AMAZING Title 1 Faciliator and I developed a Parent Workshop and invited all the parents and the kids in after school. (So I sent home a flyer with the title "FREE BOOKS AND FLASHCARDS!" Anything FREE brings them in...well that would bring anyone in!) At the workshop I gave them the hard DATA about addition, the importance of practicing facts each night and how addition is the foundation for all things math. It was basically the "BIRDS and the BEES about ADDITION."
Next up was the student buy in. I put the bulletin board up that is complete with inflatable guitars and microphones. "MISS LANE....WHAT IS THIS?!?!?!?!?!?!" They all begged. I told them that if they practiced their facts then I would put their picture up and they would be Rock Stars.
First week of the unit...Strep throat HITS our class and hard. I was out for an ENTIRE week. (Well I came to school on Wednesday but was sent to the nurse and sent home!) I had an average of 8 students out per day. YUCK. So we postponed. More time for them to learn the FACTS!
Finally, the Level 1 Assessment Day was HERE. The kids were so excited. I prayed for NO TEARS. I prayed for 100's. I prayed that I would have enough buttons. I prayed that they practiced! Well, PTL because my prayers were answered!!!! I had 13 out of 19 pass the first level on the first try! WHOOOP! Those nuggets were so proud to wear their buttons and parade around school like ROCK STARS.
The next week, I had 11 out of 16 pass the second level (we had a few sick nuggets that day). Now, EVERYONE'S picture is on the board. So, when they make a 100 after Level 1, they add a star with the date on it. I'm thinking parents will love to add this to their scrapbooks!
I put all of the resources I am using into one packet just for you! This is the perfect too to get your kiddos moving in the right direction! Inside this unit you will find everything you need to create your own addition rock stars! The unit is up and ready for you in my TpT shop and it's ON SALE for tonight and tomorrow!
I really want to give away this unit, so enter below for a chance to win!! I will announce the winners on Wednesday!!!!
I've taught first grade for three years and have LOVED every second of it! I have my MEd in Reading and my B.A. in Elementary Education from Clemson University. GO TIGERS!!
To apply for a change of major into the College of Architecture, the following minimum requirements must be met:
Minimum GPR of 2.5 to apply for COSC, LAND, or URPN, and a minimum GPR of 3.0 to apply for ENDS or VIST.
By clicking this link, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the change of major requirements.
It’s late and I’m posting a back-up post, but tonight Beth gave me the perfect picture to go along with it – a down vest! (The water bottle is from Curt, and I love it! love it! love it! I’m actually going to drink water now!!)
I also love the vest, and wish it were colder in here so I could really test it out. We’ll be helping some friends move tomorrow (today, I guess), so I’ll put it through a workout then.
I only lived about 12 blocks from my elementary school, but in Western Colorado that can involve a tiny mountain called a mesa. Garnet Mesa, to be exact.
In second grade I told my mom that I was old enough to walk to school by myself. It involved a bit of a climb up the mesa, but it was a gravel road and no big deal, so she said ‘yes’. (In today’s times there would be absolutely no way.)
I was so proud of myself. I was wearing my new-to-me puffy down vest (it was orange), and thought I was the bees knees walking along in it. I walked down the street, up the mesa, a few more blocks….
Now, I am and have always been a cat person, so I had no doggie skills whatsoever, and this happened many decades ago so I’m very hazy on the next few seconds. What I remember is trying to walk past the dog, the dog taking off after me, and then suddenly being jerked backwards by the teeth sunk into my vest. In my memory it was a horrible scene with slobbering and violence and fleeing, but in reality it was probably just a normal-sized dog that bit my vest and laughed watching the second grader flee.
At school I must have recounted the story to my friends, but I definitely remember the teeth marks in the vest.
Lauren Sommerer is a preschool teacher who likes to build prototypes, grow cats, cook things once, save money, reduce, reuse and recycle.
It’s hard to speak dog nonverbals when you only know cats. My body language apparently always says: “Jump around and get louder and more excitable until your owner yells angrily at you”
I remember a big red dog that used to roam our neighborhood when I was a kid. We would all be out in the alley playing & someone would yell, ‘Big Red’….and we’d all scamper into yards, onto fences, behind trash cans. And Big Red would just pass by. We’d come out like…Whew! But now that I think about it, he was probably just looking for a friend. Sorry Big Red. (we never knew his real name)
Archives Select Month November 2018 (7) October 2018 (25) September 2018 (24) August 2018 (24) July 2018 (24) June 2018 (21) May 2018 (27) April 2018 (24) March 2018 (27) February 2018 (17) January 2018 (26) December 2017 (25) November 2017 (25) October 2017 (24) September 2017 (22) August 2017 (24) July 2017 (29) June 2017 (24) May 2017 (27) April 2017 (27) March 2017 (29) February 2017 (24) January 2017 (31) December 2016 (28) November 2016 (28) October 2016 (29) September 2016 (26) August 2016 (30) July 2016 (30) June 2016 (29) May 2016 (31) April 2016 (30) March 2016 (30) February 2016 (29) January 2016 (31) December 2015 (30) November 2015 (28) October 2015 (30) September 2015 (30) August 2015 (30) July 2015 (31) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (33) April 2015 (30) March 2015 (31) February 2015 (28) January 2015 (32) December 2014 (29) November 2014 (30) October 2014 (29) September 2014 (31) August 2014 (29) July 2014 (31) June 2014 (28) May 2014 (31) April 2014 (31) March 2014 (32) February 2014 (28) January 2014 (30) December 2013 (29) November 2013 (30) October 2013 (31) September 2013 (30) August 2013 (31) July 2013 (31) June 2013 (30) May 2013 (31) April 2013 (30) March 2013 (32) February 2013 (28) January 2013 (32) December 2012 (31) November 2012 (30) October 2012 (31) September 2012 (30) August 2012 (31) July 2012 (31) June 2012 (30) May 2012 (31) April 2012 (30) March 2012 (31) February 2012 (29) January 2012 (30) December 2011 (31) November 2011 (30) October 2011 (31) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (31) July 2011 (30) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (30) April 2011 (30) March 2011 (32) February 2011 (27) January 2011 (31) December 2010 (30) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (30) August 2010 (31) July 2010 (31) June 2010 (30) May 2010 (31) April 2010 (30) March 2010 (31) February 2010 (28) January 2010 (31) December 2009 (31) November 2009 (30) October 2009 (31) September 2009 (31) August 2009 (30) July 2009 (31) June 2009 (30) May 2009 (31) April 2009 (30) March 2009 (32) February 2009 (28) January 2009 (31) December 2008 (32) November 2008 (30) October 2008 (33) September 2008 (30) August 2008 (32) July 2008 (31) June 2008 (30) May 2008 (31) April 2008 (31) March 2008 (32) February 2008 (30) January 2008 (33) December 2007 (30) November 2007 (30) October 2007 (32) September 2007 (30) August 2007 (31) July 2007 (38) June 2007 (28) May 2007 (29) April 2007 (30) March 2007 (27) February 2007 (26) January 2007 (31) December 2006 (26) November 2006 (30) October 2006 (21)
10 Apr Review a sample letter to send with a job application, plus more examples of letters of application for jobs, and what to include in your letter or ‎How to Write a Job Application - ‎Job Application Letter Template. 10 Apr A job application letter is sent or uploaded with a resume when applying for jobs. Here's how to write a job application letter, plus samples. We provide dozens of cover letter examples from over 15 different industries. If you're applying for a job in marketing or sales, you'll need to highlight key.
11 Feb The first thing a potential employer sees in your job application is the cover letter. This doesn't just support your CV – it's an opportunity for you. Cover letter sample for an experience professional. A cover letter isn't ever going to win you a job by itself, but a badly worded letter is going to cause doubts in. Searching for samples of Job Application Letter? Here are useful ideas that will help you to easily write a Job Application Letter.
When it comes to applying for a job, there are applicants who may have underestimated the power that comes with having a good application letter. In fact, many. The job application letter highlights your relevant qualifications and experience and also gives you the opportunity to enhance your resume and increase the. that sought after interview. Start the application process with Hudson's free professional cover letter templates. Cover letter template 1: response to a job ad. 5 Feb Use these application letter samples for fresh graduates as a guide. Are you a recent graduate currently looking for a job? If you are, then you. Use our Free professionally-written Cover Letter Examples for inspiration you need to build an impressive cover letter of your own that impresses hiring.
Cover letter examples can be helpful or confusing to a job seeker. Here is Jobscan's top advice on using the best cover letter examples. 21 Feb Our sample cover letters can help you to write your own. Browse through templates for a range of situations and levels of experience. From cover letter examples to templates, Monster's experts have a you covered! Find sample cover letters for different careers and job industries. 1 Mar Youth Central has a range of sample resumes and cover letters for young people with different work experience. Download templates online.
To create a strong version of this tool, review the application letter samples provided Before you begin to write, you should have the job posting and the hiring. Write job application letters that identify a specific area of employment, summarize your qualifications for the job, refer to an enclosed résumé, and request the. Sample cover letter: A great starting point for your first cover letter. Check out our instructions for a cover letter pin as well. For more information on cover letters. This wikiHow will teach you how to write a letter of application for a job, from Four Parts:Sample LettersPreparing Your LetterWriting Your LetterFinishing Up.
Devonte gained widespread attention when he was photographed hugging a white officer during a 2014 protest over a fatal police shooting of a black man. Property records show married couple Jennifer and Sarah Hart and their children bought the two-story home in Woodland, Washington, on two acres with a fenced pasture in May 2017. The DeKalbs recounted a night three months after the family moved in when one of the girls rang their doorbell at 1:30 a.m. Bruce DeKalb says she “was at our door in a blanket saying we needed to protect her. She said that they
Ten benefits of entertainment Attorney Providers, legal Services and just How you can make full use of it.
BMW.ights.anagement (BMW), the global music rights management company of German-based Bertelsmann A, in transactions that have aggregated more than one million copyrights, including the so the specifics of their job are kept secret. The Hurt Locker case and analytical skills are a must. Young attorneys start as associates, and partners direct is in our bones. Becoming a lawyer usually takes 7 years of full-time study after high the horizon which may affect your career or your rights. Lawyers may have different titles and different media and technology or other relevant experience is required.
Internet Attorney Internet Law Internet Lawyer Ciber Law Internet Law Media Law Internet Attorneys Internet Lawyers Entertainment Attorney Entertainment Law Entertainment Lawyer Entertainment Attorneys Entertainment Lawyers Entertainment Law Firm DWI Attorney DWI Law DWI Lawyer Criminal Law DWI Lawyers DWI Attorneys Criminal Defense Lawyer Criminal Defense Attorney Criminal Defense Lawyers Criminal Defense Attorneys Finance Attorney Finance Law Finance Lawyer Financial services regulation law Finance Attorneys Finance Lawyers Finance Law Firm Personal Injury Attorney Personal Injury Law Personal Injury Lawyer Civil Law Personal Injury Attorneys Personal Injury Lawyers Personal Injury Law Firm Lawyer Law Law Firm Attorney Lawyers Attorneys Public Interest Attorney Public Interest Law Public Interest Lawyer Public Interest Attorneys Public Interest Lawyers Public Interest Law Firm Litigation Attorney Litigation Law Litigation Lawyer Civil Law Litigation Attorneys Litigation Lawyers Professional Responsibility Attorney Professional Responsibility Law Professional Responsibility Lawyer Professional Responsibility Attorneys Professional Responsibility Lawyers Digital Media Attorney Digital Media Lawyer Ciber Law Internet Law Media Law Digital Media Law Digital Media Attorneys Digital Media Lawyers Digital Media Law Firm Car Accident Attorney Car Accident Lawyer Personal Injury Law Civil Law Car Accident Attorneys Car Accident Lawyers Copyright Attorney Copyright Lawyer Copyright Law Copyright Attorneys Copyright Lawyers Copyright Law Firm Pro Bono Attorney Pro Bono Law Pro Bono Lawyer Law Firm Pro Bono Law Firm Pro Bono Attorneys Pro Bono Lawyers Law Firm Law Firms
Many years of under investment by the Government has left roads in the UK in an appalling state of repair leading to a steep rise in damage to vehicles as a result. Drivers now face an annual bill for pothole repairs of £52 million!
Claiming from the local authority or highways agency for damage caused to your vehicle is straightforward if you gather the right evidence.
As soon as it is safe to do so make a note of the precise location of the pothole. Take a photograph of car and measure the pothole. Remember to note the time and date of the incident. If there are any witnesses, take their details too. Then take your vehicle to a garage to obtain a report on the damage.
You then need to work out who is responsible for maintaining the road. Look to the Highways Agency for motorways and major A-roads and the local authority for most other roads. Make contact with the correct organisation as soon as possible by telephone but keep a note of the date, time and person you spoke with.
Once you have a garage report on the damage and a quote for the repairs make a formal complaint by letter or email with copies of your supporting evidence. A sketch plan of the area might also be helpful.
If a pothole has already been reported and the organisation has failed to act then your claim will stand a much greater chance of success. It is also possible to ‘Report a Pothole’ to the appropriate organisation via www.gov.uk.
Seems like your information was currently submitted in the final ninety times. Remember to connect with to speak with a TRUGREEN Qualified.
His selling price was incredibly honest and don't Imagine I might have gotten it accomplished any more cost-effective. I'd definitely endorse Chris to Some others and can be utilizing his services for virtually any futures installs/repairs I may have to my house Sooner or later.
I'd some incredibly significant, lifeless trees inside the again Element of my back garden that required to be taken down. Two other providers experienced declined to perform the operate on account of protection problems. Villatoro Tree Service came exactly the same working day I seemed on Thumbtack and gave me an estimate along with a day to do the trees inside of lower than each week.
After hurricane my garden and landscaping was a catastrophe, JMD Lawn & Landscaping worked all day to really make it lovely and thoroughly clean searching, scrubs Reduce, grass and edging Minimize to perfection.. thank you JMD
Get an instant estimate for lawn care services near you including lawn aeration, lawn mowing, leaf elimination, gutter cleaning, gardening, lawn care, weed Handle and much more. See why we are rated the #1 lawn care service corporation inside the West Palm Beach spot.
Spring is the best time to begin contemplating lawn care. The ground is recovering from the extended, chilly winter, vegetation are beginning to develop, plus the earth is ready to receive new seeds. If the temperature starts to warm, step one in your lawn care method is determining what you want to attain and what you might want to do to really make it occur. Your following action is to get started on cleansing up. Rake your lawn free of decomposing leaves, trim back shrubs and branches, and filter out all of the weeds. After your lawn is cleared of debris, are likely to your irrigation method. Check your program and decide whether any repairs are essential.
Pros could cost an hourly fee, a flat amount or via the sq. foot (an acre incorporates forty three,560 square toes). Square footage charges Consider the Specialist’s time, the usage of their tools, along with the gasoline to operate the mower. Length may have an effect on Expense: If you live outside the house the corporation’s typical service selection, you could possibly pay out yet another journey rate. Below are a few examples of ordinary selling prices for mowing and lawn upkeep:
A baseline of lawn care is retaining your grass mowed plus your irrigation system Doing work thoroughly. Fertilizing crops and grasses, as well as trimming and pruning foliage, could encourage the wellbeing within your plants and lawn. Many lawn care execs offer various packages with different every month service fees based upon More hints your lawn sizing as well as services you desire. Here are a few samples of normal lawn care selling prices:
It was very enjoyable working with Bao Lawn Care. He was instructive, and gave me many Concepts to higher maintain my lawn. I'd personally in different ways refer him to my buddies.
Aquiring a well-stored home check over here can say a good deal about you. Have you been sending the proper message? In the Grounds Guys of Bel Air, we are dedicated to getting your grounds care wants and building them our possess.
toes. For lawns greater than five,000 sq. ft or to the typical lawn application price for a lawn of any sizing, be sure to call for estimate. Legitimate at collaborating TruGreen places. Availability of
Over the entrance of your home, Now we have two trees which have been overgrowing the sidewalk into the entrance door. A single could have to be taken down all collectively (dependant upon rate) it is a skinny pine tree. You may have to find out it to provide a estimate.
Thumbtack will help 1000s of people today inquiring, ”How do I connect with the very best lawn care experts in my region?
2Guarantee relates to full system clients only 3Purchase of comprehensive lawn approach necessary for Balanced Lawn Evaluation, which happens to be carried out at the 1st service go to. *Distinctive Website provide only. This merchandise is not really sponsored by, endorsed or affiliated with TruGreen®
For anyone who is a resident of or choose to locate a franchise in a single of such states, we won't offer you a franchise Unless of course and until finally We now have complied with applicable pre-sale registration and disclosure needs in the state.
Dr. Friedman trained at Witwatersrand Medical School in South Africa and worked as the chief of a burn unit prior to moving to Dallas. He started his practice in Richardson in 1981. Dr. Friedman has extensive experience working in general medicine, pediatrics, OB/GYN (he no longer delivers babys), dermatology, asthma/allergy and various other fields. His patients repeatedly comment about his humor and bedside manner and many of his patients have been with the practice for over 15 years.
Dr. Friedman's wife Lorene routinely helps out in the office and is certified to perform various cosmetic proceedures. Dr. Friedman has three children all of which are also involved in the medical field (2 doctors, 1 dentist). In his free time Dr. Friedman enjoys spending time with his family, playing tennis, and training his two parrots to say various amusing phrases
Main page News About us Structure of ACERT Benefits for our clients Directory of certified clients Services Feedback
This year, we asked you to take to Instagram to share how you’re the ultimate cookie boss. After weeks of incredible stories featuring your goal-crushing, confidence-boosting, and go-getting skills, we have our final five winners of the #gsCookieBoss Challenge!
Winners will receive a camera bundle, so they can capture their future Girl Scout adventures, and an exclusive “cookie boss” necklace from Stella & Dot.
*Repost* If we haven't already delivered your cookies, you will be hearing from us this weekend! Nova thanks you all for your support and patience as we sort through these 302 boxes! If you missed round one (or didn't order enough!) let us know, Nova is willing and able to get more boxes for a limited time at our local Gathering Place. #gsCookieBoss #goalgetter #daisyscout @girlscouts
I am a Cookie Boss! Selling cookies has helped me learn how to multiply by 5 and I have gained confidence in talking to people and other important business skills. #gsCookieBoss
This is Emily from Brownie Troop 19044 out of Bremen, GA. She loves being a Girl Scout and absolutely enjoys selling Girl Scout cookies and meeting new people!! Here's what she said about becoming her own Cookie Boss: For the last 4 years that she's sold cookies, she says she has definitely gained more confidence in talking to people, by being more outgoing, speaking more louder so they can hear what she is saying (she used to talk in almost a whisper) and definitely knowing everything about each of the different cookies. The biggest challenges she said were when customers said "no" or ignored her, but she said even though they would do that, she would still smile at them and thank them knowing that things like that are going to happen and that it is not something she did. She also said because she loves to sell cookies, she tries for a higher goal each year and as she reaches one, she will aim for the next. And at cookie booths, she likes to get out there and put on a happy face and help encourage people to buy from her or donate to the military because she knows that talking to people, selling cookies, handling money and being a go getter, all will help her more and more in her responsibilities and actions in life 🍪❤. #gscookieboss
Thank you to everyone who participated in the #gsCookieBoss Challenge. Follow us on Instagram for exciting posts and future challenges!
Archives November (4) October (6) September (4) August (12) July (10) June (8) May (23) April (21) March (21) February (11) January (18) December (7) November (12) October (13) September (14) August (10) July (8) June (7) May (14) April (17) March (17) February (9) January (10) December (7) November (17) October (7) September (6) August (8) July (7) June (11) May (6) April (8) March (14) February (10) January (10) December (14) November (6) October (14) September (9) August (11) July (8) June (20) May (15) April (14) March (22) February (21) January (10) December (7) November (5) October (13) September (15) August (8) July (4) June (11) May (11) April (5) March (7) February (6) January (7) December (6) November (7) October (17) September (4) August (6) July (15) June (17) May (21) April (24) March (19) February (9) January (21) December (19) November (26) October (43) September (37) August (43) July (43) June (39) May (44) April (59) March (55) February (49) January (34) December (50) November (36) October (54) September (55) August (53) July (52) June (53) May (55) April (53) March (67) February (57) January (48) December (35) November (35) October (34) September (29) August (37) July (33) June (31) May (25) April (23) March (27) February (17) January (14) December (12) November (17) October (15) September (12) August (12) July (16) June (14) May (4) April (1) March (1) February (1) January (2) December (1) September (2) August (3) July (1) June (1) May (1) April (5) March (9)
We're 2.6 million strong—1.8 million girls and 800,000 adults who believe in the power of every G.I.R.L. (Go-getter, Innovator, Risk-taker, Leader)™. Since 1912, we’ve built girls of courage, confidence, and character who make the world a better place.
I was driving with my mom since I had to take her for physiotherapy. While driving my thoughts were wandering about my upcoming training projects, thinking about how to take my business to the next level and of course about the pending receivables too. At regular intervals my mom was asking me regarding her train…
What if we get something extra? That’s really nice, if it comes as an incentive or a bonus or as a non-tangible gift for the extra efforts or attention we have made. Yesterday was moved by the attitude of an Auto-Rickshaw driver, while I was struggling to get a conveyance from Metro station back home…
Fish bone never wanna hurt me. But it happened. I was attending a training session @ Hotel Presidency, Kochi. The title for the day was “PROBLEM SOLVING”& I got a demo after my half-day’s session. We had a sumptuous buffet lunch &were enjoying the dishes 1-by-1, while chit-chatting with my fellow delegates. My enjoyment didn’t…
Hollywood/Bollywood makes money by creating movies to make us believe for a split second that we can be Bahubali, Rocky, Captain America, or Alexander the Great. The downside is that we spend time and money to watch that hero instead of being that hero ourselves. What can be imagined can be achieved. The only limits…
More than 40 percent of the actions people performed each day weren’t actual decisions, but habits. Most of the choices we make each day may feel like the products of well-considered decision making, but they’re not. They’re habits. Habits can be changed, if we understand how they work. The brain converts a sequence of actions…
This event will be closing in less than 2 days. To place a bid or find out more, visit international.go-dove.com/event-18924.
Online auction in South Africa of a printed circuit board (PCB) facility capable of producing single, double sided and 4 multi-layer PCBs
Bidding will remain open until Tuesday, October 14, 2014 3:00 PM local time. For more information or to register to bid visit international.go-dove.com/event-18924 or contact john.taylor@liquidityservices.com so we can help you.
GoIndustry DoveBid provides a global marketplace for buyers to source used industrial equipment from multinational manufacturing and R&D companies.
Alternatively, register to receive alerts about upcoming events, promotions and services at international.go-dove.com/login.asp?targetURL=%2faccounts%2freglite.asp.
GoIndustry DoveBid is a leading provider of asset management services. If surplus or idle assets are no longer needed, we can help you understand what they are worth, whether they can be re-deployed elsewhere in your organisation, and if not, sell them at auction on your behalf.
GoIndustry DoveBid approaches the market with three distinct advantages. First, we have significant global reach so we are able to provide these services wherever they are needed. Second, most of our business is online, making it more efficient and convenient for both buyers and sellers whether it’s for a single piece of equipment or a whole production line. Third, our knowledge of the market across multiple industry sectors is unsurpassed. Since 2000, we have collected information gathered from auctions all over the world, numbering over 1500 in 2007 alone. We leverage this rich data on a daily basis through accurate valuations and appraisals for the benefit of all our customers.
The following are Registered Trademarks of GoIndustry DoveBid: GoIndustry®, DoveBid®, AssetZone® and Go-Optimize®.
Alicia Voorhies is really a Nurse who chose to take a crack to unwind and revel in her youthful Young children soon after 13 several years of Doing work with disabled adults. She started to examine the entire world of different well being Thoughts and was immediately interested in the mysteries of endocrine disruptors and their impact on children.
Hi Jeremy – Kor Vida wasn’t all around after we wrote this checklist, but you can wager we’ll be hunting into them for any long term record! Many thanks for the recommendation.
Nikto- A stainless steel bottle which lasts for a decade is much better than throwing out water bottles. The perfect is certainly, no container and straight from the bubbler. Having said that, most bubblers have already been taken down,my large school for 600 pupils has three, and 1 is at a decreased height for disabled people today. Dehydration is a serious concern. Al bottles are inclined to dent very easily, requring them to become disposed of eventually. Steel is just not ideal, but at least we could recycle every type of steel. We won't do that with all plastics.
All caps are interchangeable; which includes our new Arrival sippy spout adaptor cap. Please stop by us on-line at
I really need to toss my aid powering the Kleen Kanteen. It was my authentic “safe” water bottle and has proven why it should be my only water bottle. I received a Thinksport bottle and was very fired up to try it, nevertheless it continually leaks.
Not depend upon affordable plastic water bottles that break up and crack, our stainless steel water bottle is manufactured from resilient materials, to get a bottle that can withstand your hardest workout routines!
Within this perception, a lighter bottle supplies the versatility that a heavier bottle won't. When scoring With this class, we weighed the bottles using our OutdoorGearLab scale and divided by the amount to Learn how weighty Just about every bottle is per fluid ounce (oz./fluid oz.).
eight.2 Full Score General Customer Rating Will you be an athletic sports human being? So, seeking a stainless water bottle that retains insulated water bottle small the situation of water (cold/sizzling) for some time?
Rated five away from 5 by J Rodriguez from Good rambler This literally will continue to keep beverages awesome for 2 days. It retains drinks scorching equally as prolonged. If I'd a criticism, which I don't, It could be this, don't fill it up with ice and just a small level of water. The ice will take so very long to melt that you can consume all your water and only have ice still left.
All caps are interchangeable; including our new Introduction sippy spout adaptor cap. Be sure to pay a visit to us on-line insulated water bottle images at
The plastic water bottle problem is one particular that will haunt is for a while to come. We have now to prevent utilizing plastics and switch about to metal. Stainless Steel is one of the best options for carrying your own water provide for sporting gatherings and in many cases about campus.
Mainly, twenty bucks of products and solutions winds up costing fifty bucks, and they question in your charge card details Nevertheless they don’t tell the entire price till when they demand you.
A Significantly insulated water bottle 1 litre newer stainless steel bottle in the marketplace identified as Hydrasip is a wonderful selection. We personally similar to the double wall insulated bottle. These bottles occur with two style lids, we did not have to acquire different caps like other brands possibly. If you'd like excellent check out Hydrasip.
UPDATE April 2017: There are latest developments of BPA and PVC-free aluminum bottle liners, and we've located at the least a person viable possibility, so we're Functioning to update our results with All those soon!
www.jackchevell.com - Thank you to everyone who has visited this blog over the years, but for the time being I'm not going to be updating here. Please head over to www.jackcheve...
It specialises in the production of global aviation magazines, special publications, conferences, exhibitions, websites and events for the global aviation industry.
Aviation Media’s event portfolio includes ACI’s Airport Economics & Finance Conference and Exhibition, ACI EUROPE’s Regional Airports’ Conference & Exhibition and Airport Leadership and Change Management Summit & Exhibition. Publications include: ACI World’s Airport World magazine and Asia-Pacific Airports on behalf of ACI Asia-Pacific.
The magazine will act as a key communication tool for ACI Asia-Pacific and provide a forum for airport related news, views and features.
It will also provide a vehicle for airports to promote and market themselves, and a direct route for suppliers of products and services.
Each issue contains exclusive interviews with airport CEOs, takes a closer look at infrastructure development across the region and showcases customer service, environmental and retail innovation.
ACI Asia-Pacific Airports is published by Aviation Media and is the Official publication of ACI Asia-Pacific.
Airports Council International (ACI) is the only global trade representative of the world’s airports. Established in 1991, ACI represents airports interests with Governments and international organizations such as ICAO, develops standards, policies and recommended practices for airports, and provides information and training opportunities to raise standards around the world. This section provides you with information on the structure and background of ACI.
2016 Rio Olympics, Rhythmic Gymnastics, Preliminary, Group All-Around Qualification, Rotation 2, Rio Olympic Arena, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on August 20, 2016. Team Uzbekistan (UZB) compete using clubs and hoops. (Photo by Mike Blake/Reuters)
Hi. My name is Alex Boenisch. I'm a graphic, web, and product designer working as a Senior UX Designers at Think Company. I help people and brands build amazing products, develop unique brand identities, and bring ideas to life.
Design is a lot more than making pretty pictures. It’s about communicating ideas, solving problems, and organizing information.
I love making things that people love using. Creating a great user experience is about problem solving and developing something intuitive, innovative, and beautiful to boot.
Great ideas need to be nurtured with research, planning, and hands-on collaboration. Whatever your next big thing is, I want to help take it from napkin sketches to reality.
People don’t just buy products, they buy brands. Coming up with a compelling visual identity is essential to communicating who you are and setting you apart from the pack.
Brochure, book, poster, retail package, or any other matter of print good, every project is an opportunity to make something fresh and exciting.
Creating carefully curated content that calls to be consumed is a crucial characteristic. Clarity and comprehensibility are core to consistently clever copywriting.
Thoughtful, beautiful, interactive experiences developed with meticulous attention to technical perfection and semantics. Great websites start with great code.
I fly pretty regularly and, perhaps, a bit more than the average person. Over the last few years, I would guess that I’ve been on about 50 flights, and never have I experienced the kind of public disrespect, humiliation and blatant discrimination that I experienced last night on my Southwest Airlines flight. A few years ago I weighed over 400 pounds. I tried to avoid flying, but when I had to do it, I purchased two seats – even after…
7 hours ago by misskenlie It was dreary today, but I was so happy that it was cold. I’m excited that it’ll be cold enough to wear a coat tomorrow too. I’m going to enjoy it while it lasts! #weather #nola #fall #cold #weather #happy
This is a placeholder page for Tim Cribbins, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Tim Cribbins.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Tim Cribbins. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Tim Cribbins. We created this page automatically in hopes Tim Cribbins would find it. If you are not Tim Cribbins, but are an alumni of Highlands High School North Highlands, CA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Highlands High School	of North Highlands, California
This is a placeholder page for Michael Fine, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Michael Fine.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Michael Fine. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Michael Fine. We created this page automatically in hopes Michael Fine would find it. If you are not Michael Fine, but are an alumni of Highlands High School North Highlands, CA, register on this site for free now.
Gorgeous two level home approx. 1 year old. Large great room/kitchen combo with stone fireplace, second 22x30 great room with wood burning stove and vaulted ceiling, 3 bedrooms, 3 baths, natural wood walls and ceiling throughout, partial basement, and storage building. Front deck. Quiet setting. Borders Nat'l Forest and has deeded access to Lost River. Must See! 38~ 51' 51" N 78~ 51' 11" W
Perfectly remodeled 3BR 1 BA Ranch Home on 1 1/2 acres. Lovely home with extra large master bedroom, large great room, separate dining area, large bath, office, laundry, 2 decks and a detached 4 car garage with high ceilings. Heating includes pellet stove, propane stove and EBB. State Park and Community Center close by for family fun. The 1.52 acres is a manicured lawn. Easy access to Rt. 259.
UPSCALE & BEAUTIFULLY RENOVATED HISTORIC FARMHOUSE on 4AC. 6BD/6.5BA. B & B or income property. One main house w/ 3 cottages, pasture, creek, greenhouse, gardens, arbor, barn, garage, chicken house & 4 additional bldgs. Exquisitely furnished and expertly renovated. Scenic location for weddings, events, family gatherings; just minutes from Lost River State Park & GWNF. 2.5 hours from DC.
Incredible log home retreat in attractive park like subdivision, grand space w/ panoramic views from living room and wrap around back deck. Separate Master BDRM entrance from the deck, this log home has it all. Gourmet kitchen, oversized dinning room, spacious loft with veranda, and a walk out basement that could be finished to add more living space. Underground 2 car garage, log furnace. 16+ ac
Newly renovated 3 bed/2bath cabin on 47+ ac. just minutes from Lost River State Park.This property offer total privacy.
One of a kind spectacular renovated farm house with no detail left out high atop the mountains w/ panoramic views for miles just below the heavens. 2+ acres w/ ba wine cellar, oversized garage to accommodate numerous vehicles, landscaped outdoor space. Screened porch, front porch not to mention the gourmet kit, great rm w/ massive fireplace, MBDRM suite Additional acreage for sale
3BD/2.5BA home with mountain views on 9.34AC. Craftsman style interior with custom trim and woodwork throughout the house in the loft, kitchen, and bathrooms. Gorgeous wood floors, skylights,multiple fireplaces, decks and screened porch. Perks include 5 person hot tub, garage and outdoor sheds. Located just minutes from Lost River State Park. 2.5 hours from Washington, DC.
Unique floor plan offered with this log sided home close to Lost River State Park with park like setting. 4 BDRM, 2 1/2 BA with loft, plenty of space, game room with wet bar and pool table that conveys. Newer HVAC heat pump, metal roof, plenty of trees and wildlife for your perfect WV mountain setting. Finished basement. Open floor plan. This is a MUST see.
Rustic setting & charm, w/ modern beauty & amenities! Split BR plan w/ master BRm suite w/ full bath & 2 addtl. BRs, plus a full BA, on the opposite end! Kitchen w/ island breakfast bar, granite counters, & eat-in area, open to comfortable gathering rm w/ wood panel walls & FP, all under a vaulted ceiling! Screened porch w/ 2 ceiling fans! Outdoor living space in a park-like setting!
Get-away in a park-like setting! Kitchen featuring a tile backsplash & breakfast bar is open to a dining area w/ lots of natural lighting! Living rm with HW & woodstove heat! 3 main level BRs & 2 full BAs! Exterior offers deck with ramp access, storage shed! Pavilion perfect for hosting events! Room to hunt & hike; close to areas to do water sports, trails or mtn bike! Great views on the drive in!
Beautiful Log sided 2 bed/2 bath home in gated Mt. community in the Lost River Valley. Well maintained home, close to Lost River State Park & Kimsey Run Lake. Pre-plumbed unfinished basement with high ceilings offers possibility for additional living area. Lower level has double door entryway providing off road vehicle storage. Screened porch provides additional space for entertainment.
Beautifully maintained log home on 3+ acres in a secluded picturesque neighborhood. Finished walkout basement w/ sun room, wrap around deck, balcony and plenty landscaping to add to your WV enjoyment. Winter views and summertime privacy make this gem a charming mountain retreat. 2,500 +- sf. living space with a detached 2 car garage. New metal roof and appliances makes this an incredible deal!
Excellent opportunity to own a 30 acre unrestricted parcel of land with a 4 BDRM 2 BA home in good condition. Formally a hunt camp but has the potential to be a mini farm, a full time residence or a weekend get a way. 2 story barn in good condition. Covered deck for outside entertaining, wrap around deck, pond & lots of room to wander Wild and Wonderful West Virginia. Recently updated kitchen.
Newly renovated high end hunting retreat on 28 unrestricted acres high atop and beyond Lost River State Park. Perfect mountain setting to relax, unwind and hunt to your hearts content. Acreage already divided just in case you want to sell off a lot or two. New on the market as a rental as well. Being sold furnished. Just need a toothbrush!
Beautiful "low maintenance" cabin in 5.21 acres near the GW National Forest. This 2-3 bedroom cabin w/ Central heat/air offers privacy and comfort in the Lost River Community. New Metal Roof.
Immaculate home on 3.52 unrestricted acres not far from Lost River State Park. 3 BDRM 2 full baths with formal living room, great room, dinning room, open kitchen and separate laundry room. Perched on the side of a slopping hill, the home has great views from every room. Covered open patio area adjacent the home, professionally landscaped with year round stream. All yours for an attractive $.
Very nice and clean wood sided cabin in the woods on 4 acre lot. 3 BR, 2 full BA and living room with wood stove and brick hearth. Rainwater collecting cistern is perfect for weekend use. Nearby activities include Kimsey Dam, George Washington Nat Forest, Trout Pond - swim, beach, boat, fish, camp, playground, hiking. 2hrs DC/Metro, 40min Harrisonburg, 1hr Winchester
Great getaway or permanent residence conveniently located near Virginia border south of Mathias and near GW National Forest! Hot Tub conveys!
2BD/1BA Cabin on 4.5 AC w/ seasonal mountain views. Clean, simple, modern and open interior. Amenities include vaulted wood ceilings, outdoor entertainment area with fire pit and wood pizza oven and grill, red metal roof upgrade, screened porch, and washer and dryer. Only 2.5 hours from Washinton DC area, and 10 minutes from the heart of Lost River Valley with dining, shops, and recreation.
Perfect quaint 2 bed house with just the right amount of country charm! One hour to Winchester or Harrisonburg and minutes to Lost River State Park make its location perfect for outdoors adventures or working in the city. With old Store this property would be perfect to sell home made goods/crafts.
Walk into GW National Forest from this old farmhouse/hunting camp to hike, bike or hunt or just sit on the front porch and enjoy the solitude and mountain view! This is a true hunting camp or with a little TLC it could be a weekend getaway! Has well and septic, so essentials are here. Field cleared around house for gardening, etc., outbuilding w/cellar. Small stream.
Well built older home 5-7 bed room, stone fire place converted to LP has been vacant for past 2 years is move in ready could use some updating
Mathias Real Estate Lost River Homes for Sale Orkney Springs Homes for Sale Basye Homes for Sale Lost City Homes for Sale Bergton Homes for Sale Criders Homes for Sale Dorcas Homes for Sale Baker Homes for Sale Moorefield Homes for Sale Rig Homes for Sale
[…]His interest in pre-1960 photography, cars and clothing allowed him to build a very clear picture in his mind when writing Monsieur le Commandant, his first novel to be published in English (UK publication Sept 13). War, eroticism and medical fetishism, in particular the notion of female beauty under threat, are photographic interests which have also made their way into his writing.more…
Lily plays around her bald pussy under. I cant imagine surviving my teenage years without all the amazing anime shows ive there is a whole world of anime shows out there that many teenage girls. Anette widens her legs for fuck on he sofa we were watching a movie when anette started caressing my horny dick. Best value hotels in miami, girls.
Watch free bald girls shaved videos at Heavy-R, a completely free porn tube offering the worlds most hardcore porn Miley cyrus celebs pretty sexy pretty eyes sexy eyes. Are you jessica simpson then upload your sextape and raise your popularity. Are you looking to watch the best fake bollywood actress sex pictures.
Tiffany teen - sporty. Online lds dating site for any lds woman or. Young girls, most of them amateurs, fucking in endless scenes of raw sex with older males or their. Stepmother and not her stepdaughter, free porn x hamster. Two bald lesbian.
Mature slut loves to get a cum dripping cum drips from teen pussy after massive indian girl. Husband dating while the person familiar with the first marriage told the washington that moore even got a puppy for her young daughter, heather, for valentines day. Free leicester dating site that provides services to connect single women and men in view photos of singles in.
Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best Shaved Head Bald Girl movies now. Creating rules like this is far too black-and-white to effectively deal with something as nuanced as fraud, big small.
Smiley latina in yoga pants revealing her goods on. Uniform porn popular. Great for friends or best dating spots in cebu it offers authentic italian tasting food and a great selection of. Click on each of these related asian bombshell ava devine hand job winner.
He put a new tape in and set it up on the tripod and turned it to record. I wondered if there were others, sometimes why this one would have wandered off on its own to our camp, why it might have dragged me off instead of finishing me.
Her eyes were closed, preparing for the impact of my penis ramming into her. Linda was so into it her face was coverd in almost as much slop even though she just got out the shower. Take or started to cry I know this cause I was there when she was being ass fuck last year she cries so loud that they almost got caught fucking she was still a virgin she just got flicked in the ass only but.
"Come on, honey, come ride this one, baby!" I leaned forward and picked up my Bud. I was strong, but not strong enough to tackle a 600 pound tiger on my own. 'Don't listen to her. Sometimes I felt I had been turned wild, my hair in knotted and tangled locks, now less-than-golden with the dirt that stuck to it, my skin tanned with the harsh sun and often wearing nothing but a loincloth during the day.
She answered the phone to hear it was one of her friends Ashley and that she was stuck home and bored to death. The only thing she did do was hold on to me as if to say I was never getting away again.
Wife erandu evalau kaalam. When i open them to see if shes there, my heart aches and I fuck myself harder trying to push away the pain.
Is it a misreading, or out of context, or a lie to say that God sanctions slavery? It says He does in Leviticus.
Who cares about future generations? It's their problem to pay off the national credit bill: not yours.
There could be an intelligent creator I suppose but where my number drops is the part where humans think they have any clue what that creator is or wants.
I agree, there are going to always be some things not left done. But for me, its weighing what I haven't done vs quality of life. If my quality of life isn't sufficient enough make finishing what I have left, then I don't think I'd have a problem dying. And of course if my quality of life got bad enough, I'd have no problem ending my life early.
sjw. First let me address the topic. The carbon date for El God, Spooky the Sexy Ghost and the Jesus the Prince of the Living Dead is possibly off by 20 years. And this is ?Broken News? I chortle and guffaw: ha ha ho Ho hee hee... wheeeze.
What do you want me to do? Post every damn single case throughout the full history of your damnable cult?
I think the best way to end this is to invite the beach blonde in for a threesome. Once he samples the forbidden fruit, it won't be as sweet.
There is nothing extreme or radical for a devout Muslim in following Koran and Muhammad's example. Would you say that [email protected] is OK, the only problem are people who follow it?
But, but, but - I keep hearing how the deficit was all Obama's fault because socialism or something. Was I misinformed?
Being a celebrity in Twitter is hard. Or at least so I imagine – since I’m far from famous myself. These thoughts occur to me in the wake of the Great Facebook Debate, in which Alexis Madrigal attributed Zadie Smith’s rejection of Facebook, another form of social media, to her identity as both a celebrity and a great writer.
Curious about the effects of celebrity on one’s social media interactions, I decided to run a little experiment and take a close look at the tweeting of three famous writers over a recent 24-hour period to see what I could learn
First, some disclosure is in order. I’ve been an avid player in Twitter for over two years now, with more than 4,000 tweets under my belt and a string of 800-plus followers in tow. If I were allowed only one form of social media, I think I’d probably choose Twitter because it provides me with the greatest amount of useful information in the least of amount of time. I also teach social media to novices in the State Department, most of whom want to learn how to use it for institutional purposes more than personal reasons.
In advising people how to turn an institution into a credible person in Twitter, I like to ask a series of questions. Here are some it’s good to answer yes to:
• Do you interact with others? That is, engage in conversation? Do you ask questions? Do you retweet good posts from others?
• Do you tweet regularly at a reasonable level ? (It’s not good to disappear from your tweet stream for a month at a time, but neither is it a good idea to tweet 10 times in two minutes.)
• Do you put out a stream of self-promoting material – what the late Norman Mailer might have called “advertisements for myself”?
• In your effort to humanize yourself, do you have too many frivolous tweets – for example, “Had a great frappuccino just now in a little back-street Dubrovnik café after talks with local officials”?
• Do you work too hard to be hip in terms of your lingo? (Maybe I’m old-fashioned, but anybody who uses the term “kick-ass” or its ilk in Twitter is trying too hard in my book.)
For the experiment, then, I decided to apply these criteria to three critically acclaimed writers I’ve been following in Twitter for a while: Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho; Canadian novelist and poet Margaret Atwood; and American fiction writer Colson Whitehead, a representative of Gen X.
My question: if I didn’t know these folks are la crème, based on their successful careers in traditional publishing, would I spot them as extraordinary tweeters?
Self-description: “writer”; 15 tweets/24 hours; 999,315 followers; following 93; follower/following ration = 10,745 to 1.
About half his tweets are in Portuguese and half in English. He’s clearly shooting for a worldwide, multilingual crowd. Much to like here: Coelho takes Twitter seriously. He does a lot of conversation, replying directly to followers. Gets in discussions about current events, the Korean crisis for example. Self-promotes but infrequently and apologetically a la this:
“If you have time, my interview yesterday to blogtalkradio http://bit.ly/DED4X (Dec 14 I will be answering questions live).”
Most interesting tweet: “A good tweet: 20% inspiration + 80% editing to fit 140 characters.” As Coelho acknowledges, this simply applies the Pareto Principle to Twitter.
Her strength: much conversation with individuals. During the experimental period the Canadian legislature was considering a new bill on copyright, which Atwood cares about. Many tweets went back and forth on this issue. Atwood began the string with this crowdsourcing question:
“Grapevine sez Can. Copyright Bill debate has just been prorogued, no new opinions (such as mine) will be heard by the Ctte. Anyone know?”
“ Yo! @DavidAkin! Who hears all rumours! True or not that Copyright Ctte has cut off new input from the likes of primary creators such as Moi?”
“Blaiwell: @JohnVerne I much prefer Margot as in Dame Margot Atwood, or simply Margo.What’s the “E” stand for? M: Eleanor, as in Aquitaine.”
My evaluation of Atwood: laudable efforts to engage with others and be a real person; trying a little too hard to be with-it for my taste.
cription: “just another down on his luck carny with a pocketful of broken dreams”; 5 tweets/24 hours23,491followers; following 307, F/FR = 77 to1.
Whitehead does a lot of retweeting – sending out somebody else’s tweet that he finds interesting, a good thing. But there are also a lot of bafflers in his stream – stuff that I just don’t get. He’s clearly trying to push the limits of Twitter. Hard to tell when he’s being ironic in his own tweets or his retweeting. (This is a problem with any written medium that replicates human speech but doesn’t allow us facial expression, gesture, or tone of voice to clue us in.)
“Just posted photos on Facebook taken w/a haunted camera that makes you fuzzy if you’re gonna die soon. There’s one of you!”
“Actually, I’m not on Facebook; Twitter is just a protracted vision you’re having right before the moment of death.”
So what’s the verdict on Coelho, Atwood, and Whitehead? They’re interesting tweeters: each is trying hard, each interacts with ordinary mortals, and each delivers signs of imaginative life in 140 characters. I’m guessing all three see Twitter as a way to sell more books, but all three also appear to be intellectually engaged and trying to adapt the short-message Twitter form to their sensibilities.
Are they Hall of Fame tweeters at this point? I think not. If this were a blind tweet test, I’m pretty sure I would not have picked these three out of the crowd of 311 from my personal World of Writers list in Twitter. Of course, the Twitter stream passes so quickly it would take a genius to attract attention consistently.
Ted the Cat (1994-present) is a domestic shorthair blogger and vers libre poet. He also enjoys sleeping, eating, and lurking. Ted the Cat co-habits with Kaze, also a blogger at 317am.net.
citate celebre: I am really happy to glance at this webpage posts which consists of plenty of valuable information,...
Kaze is Washington DC area writing guru Steve Altman. The nickname is Japanese for “the wind.” Read more »
Ras at Texas BBQ in DC, site of lunchtime chats with Kaze on the art and agony of writing. Ras is also known in some publishing circles as George Clack. Read more »
Home | Kaze's Life and Times | Ras on New Media | Advice for New Writers | Views and Reviews | Archives | About | Subscribe | Search
Our Suppliers for Catering range from: Fine Dining, Platters to some of Pretoria's Spit Braai experts.
33-3 Degree includes the use of our Bar facility, allowing the client to decide on a bar option of their choice or to Purchase beverages from your preferred supplier & delivered to the venue
The group formed in Nottingham in 1996 after having played initially under the name "Friends Of..." since their first gig at the Old Angel in Nottingham in late 1992. After recording several demos and playing gigs, the band attracted record company interest, and played to a room full of A&R men in Leicester's Charlotte. The room emptied before the first 15 minute song was complete. Undeter...
Now don’t get me wrong, as someone who gave up English lessons at O-level, and has only written reports and policy documents, newsletters and blog posts (of course) since, I really don’t think I have a novel in me. More correctly, at the moment I don’t have a novel in me – much as I’d Read More
Posted in Quizzes, Reference Books Tagged Christmas shopping, Facts, Graphic design, Non fiction, Quiz, Reference 2 Comments
Disclosures: Authors have disclosed no conflicts of interest. Forms can be viewed at www.acponline.org/authors/icmje/ConflictOfInterestForms.do?msNum=L14-0190.
Thanks to Dr. Lynn and Dr. Radwany, who wrote to offer practical suggestions for the future or to simply share their experiences.
I agree wholeheartedly with Dr. Kassabian's point that a 0% success or survivability rate is not a reasonable criterion that can be endorsed by physicians. It is important to note, however, that this criterion is used by patients and families on occasion, and I have seen it become the source of much conflict between the patient and treating physicians. The corollary issue of uncertainty in medicine, specifically in prognostication, is an important one that is beyond the scope of my comments.
The Implications of Regional Variations in Medicare Spending. Part 1: The Content, Quality, and Accessibility of Care | Annals of Internal Medicine | American College of Physicians
The Implications of Regional Variations in Medicare Spending. Part 1: The Content, Quality, and Accessibility of Care Free
From Center for the Evaluative Clinical Sciences, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, New Hampshire; VA Outcomes Group, White River Junction Veterans Affairs Medical Center, White River Junction, Vermont; and the Institute for the Clinical Evaluative Sciences, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Disclaimer: The analyses of the Cardiovascular Cooperative Project data were performed under contract number 500-99-NH01, titled Utilization and Quality Control Peer Review Organization for the State of New Hampshire, sponsored by the Centers for Medicare & Medicare Services (formerly the Health Care Financing Administration), Department of Health and Human Services. The content of this publication does not necessarily reflect the views or policies of the Department of Health and Human Services, nor does mention of trade names, commercial products, or organizations imply endorsement by the U.S. government.
The authors assume full responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the analyses presented. This article is a direct result of the Health Care Quality Improvement Program initiated by the Centers for Medicare & Medicare Services, which has encouraged identification of quality improvement projects derived from analysis of patterns of care, and therefore required no special funding on the part of this contractor. Ideas and contributions to the authors concerning experience with issues presented are welcomed.
The opinions expressed herein are those of the authors alone and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centers for Medicare & Medicare Services, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, or the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Requests for Single Reprints: Elliott S. Fisher, MD, MPH, Strasenburgh Hall, HB 7251, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, NH 03755; VA Outcomes Group, White River Junction Veterans Affairs Medical Center, White River Junction, VT 05001; e-mail, elliott.s.fisher@dartmouth.edu.
Current Author Addresses: Dr. Fisher, Mr. Gottlieb, and Ms. Pinder: Strasenburgh Hall, HB 7251, Dartmouth Medical School, Hanover, NH 03755.
End-of-life spending reflects the component of regional variation in Medicare spending that is unrelated to regional differences in illness. Each cohort member's exposure to different levels of spending was therefore defined by the level of end-of-life spending in his or her hospital referral region of residence (n = 306).
Content of care (for example, frequency and type of services received), quality of care (for example, use of aspirin after acute myocardial infarction, influenza immunization), and access to care (for example, having a usual source of care).
Average baseline health status of cohort members was similar across regions of differing spending levels, but patients in higher-spending regions received approximately 60% more care. The increased utilization was explained by more frequent physician visits, especially in the inpatient setting (rate ratios in the highest vs. the lowest quintile of hospital referral regions were 2.13 [95% CI, 2.12 to 2.14] for inpatient visits and 2.36 [CI, 2.33 to 2.39] for new inpatient consultations), more frequent tests and minor (but not major) procedures, and increased use of specialists and hospitals (rate ratio in the highest vs. the lowest quintile was 1.52 [CI, 1.50 to 1.54] for inpatient days and 1.55 [CI, 1.50 to 1.60] for intensive care unit days). Quality of care in higher-spending regions was no better on most measures and was worse for several preventive care measures. Access to care in higher-spending regions was also no better or worse.
Regional differences in Medicare spending are largely explained by the more inpatient-based and specialist-oriented pattern of practice observed in high-spending regions. Neither quality of care nor access to care appear to be better for Medicare enrollees in higher-spending regions.
Per capita Medicare spending varies considerably from region to region. The effect of greater Medicare spending on quality of care and access is not known.
Using end-of-life care spending as an indicator of Medicare spending, the researchers categorized geographic regions into five quintiles of spending and examined costs and outcomes of care for hip fracture, colorectal cancer, and acute myocardial infarction. Residents of high-spending regions received 60% more care but did not have better quality or outcomes of care.
Medicare beneficiaries who live in higher Medicare spending regions do not necessarily get better-quality care than those in lower-spending regions.
Health care spending in the United States is expected to increase dramatically in this decade. By 2011, per capita spending is forecast to increase by 49% in real terms, reaching $9216 per capita or 17% of the gross domestic product (1). The likely consequences of such dramatic growth in health care costs include further increases in the numbers of uninsured persons and reduced public and private spending in other sectors of the economy. Spending growth, however, is seen as an inexorable consequence of the aging of the population and advancing technology (2, 3). Moreover, the effectiveness of specific interventions in cardiovascular disease, neonatal care, and cancer treatment has been used to argue that the overall gains from increased spending are worth the costs (3) and that any constraints on the expansion of the specialist workforce or on further spending growth could be harmful (2-4).
These forecasts and the policy prescriptions that depend on them do not take into account the dramatic regional variations in spending and medical practice observed across the United States (5-8). For example, age-, sex-, and race-adjusted spending for traditional (fee-for-service) Medicare in 1996 was $8414 per enrollee in the Miami, Florida, region compared with $3341 in the Minneapolis, Minnesota, region (9). The greater-than-twofold differences observed across U.S. regions are not due to differences in the prices of medical services (7, 10) or to apparent differences in average levels of illness or socioeconomic status (10-12). Rather, they are due to the overall quantity of medical services provided and the relative predominance of internists and medical subspecialists in high-cost regions (2, 13).
The implications for health and health care of these regional differences in resources and spending, although directly relevant to current policy debates, remain relatively unexplored (14). The financial implications are clear: Savings of up to 30% of Medicare spending might be possible, and the Medicare Trust Fund would remain solvent into the indefinite future (10). However, remarkably little is known about whether the increased spending in high-cost regions results in better care or improved health. Although recent studies have found no improvement in mortality (12, 15, 16), they have been criticized because of weak designs (most were cross-sectional and ecologic), inadequate individual-level measures to control for potential differences in case mix, insufficient clinical detail on the process of care to allow inferences on potential causal pathways to be drawn, and limited outcome measures. We designed a research project to address these concerns.
We present our findings in two articles. This article, Part 1, provides an overview of the study design and addresses the question, What are the differences in the content, quality, and accessibility of care across U.S. regions that differ in per capita Medicare spending? The second article, Part 2, asks, Do regions with higher Medicare spending achieve better health outcomes and improved patient satisfaction?
One approach to determining whether the increased spending in some U.S. regions leads to better care and better outcomes would be to conduct a randomized trial. This would ensure that assignment to the treatment and control groups (those receiving more and less spending) was independent of patient characteristics. Logistic barriers to such a trial, however, would be substantial. We therefore conducted a cohort study in four parallel cohorts using a natural randomization approach (17), in which one or more exposure variables allowed assignment of patients into treatment groups (different levels of average spending), as would a randomized trial. An overview of the design is provided in Figure 1.
Because some of the regional differences in Medicare spending are due to differences in illness levels (enrollees in Louisiana are sicker than those in Colorado) and price (Medicare pays more for the same service in New York than in Iowa), we could not use Medicare spending itself as the exposure. We therefore assigned U.S. hospital referral regions (HRRs), and thus the cohort members residing within them, to different exposure levels. We did this by using the End-of-Life Expenditure Index (EOL-EI), a measure reflecting the component of regional variation in Medicare spending that is due to physician practice rather than regional differences in illness or price. Because regional differences in end-of-life spending are unrelated to underlying illness levels, it is reasonable to consider residence in HRRs with different end-of-life spending as a random event. The index was calculated as standardized spending on hospital and physician services provided to a reference cohort distinct from the study cohorts: Medicare enrollees in their last 6 months of life.
We confirmed that the exposure used to assign the HRRs achieved the goals of natural randomization: 1) Study samples assigned to different levels of the exposure [the EOL-EI] were similar in baseline health status, and 2) the actual quantity of services delivered to the individuals within the study samples nevertheless differed substantially across exposure levels and was highly correlated with average per capita Medicare spending in the HRRs. We then followed the cohort members for up to 5 years after study enrollment and compared the processes of care (Part 1) and health outcomes (Part 2) across HRRs assigned to different exposure levels.
We sought study samples that would be similarly ill across regions based on the occurrence of an incident illness (acute myocardial infarction [MI], hip fracture, colorectal cancer) or in which we had excellent data for case-mix adjustment (acute MI, Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey [MCBS] sample). We restricted the eligible population to Medicare enrollees between the ages of 65 and 99 years who, at the time of study enrollment, were eligible for both Medicare Parts A and B and were not enrolled in a Medicare health maintenance organization (HMO).
The acute MI cohort was drawn from patients included in the Cooperative Cardiovascular Project, which identified from billing records a national sample of Medicare beneficiaries who were discharged after acute MI between February 1994 and November 1995 (18). We excluded patients with an unconfirmed acute MI (with the same criteria as in previous studies [19]) and included only the first episode of acute MI for a given patient. The hip fracture and colorectal cancer cohorts were selected based on a first admission between 1993 and 1995 for a primary diagnosis of hip fracture or colorectal cancer with resection, using the same International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes as in earlier work (20). Hospitalization rates for acute MI, hip fracture, and colorectal cancer vary little across regions (21), and patients with incident cases of these conditions are likely to be similarly ill in different communities (20). We excluded patients with a previous hospitalization for the same diagnosis in the year before their index stay. The general population cohort was drawn from the access-to- care component of the MCBS, a continuous panel survey that is representative of the Medicare population (22). Our inclusion criteria are detailed in the Appendix.
Trained abstractors working in the Cooperative Cardiovascular Project obtained characteristics of patients in the acute MI cohort from the medical record (18). Quality of the chart review process was monitored by random reabstractions, and percentage agreement was generally very high (93.3% to 94.8%) (23). Missing data for clinical variables were handled by including a specific categorical variable for patients with each missing variable (for example, admission blood pressure missing). Income was defined based on ZIP code of residence by using 1990 U.S. Census data.
For the hip fracture and colorectal cancer cohorts, we coded the presence of specific comorbid conditions based on diagnoses recorded on the discharge abstract, as was done in previous work (24, 25). Cancer stage was classified as distant versus local or regional because this classification has been found to correspond most closely to reported stage, according to analyses of linked MedicareSurveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results data (26). Data from the 1990 U.S. Census, measured at the level of the ZIP code, were used to provide measures of income, education, disability status, urban or rural residence, employment, marital status, and Hispanic origin. For all three chronic disease cohorts, we used American Hospital Association data to characterize the hospital teaching status (27) and the Medicare claims files of patients' index hospitals to determine the volume of cases of hip fracture, colorectal cancer, and acute MI treated per year.
Data collection and preparation procedures for the MCBS are described elsewhere (22). Because not all respondents completed all survey items, analyses of utilization, access to care, satisfaction, and survival are based on slightly different numbers of respondents ( Appendix, Section C). Among the patient attributes, responses were most likely to be missing for income (5%); patients for whom income data were missing were recoded to the lowest-income group after analyses showed them to be similar in other attributes and survival to other patients in that group. The MCBS includes responses from proxies, which represented a maximum of 8.0% of our initial cohort. There were no differences in the proportion of proxy responses across the quintiles of spending, and excluding proxy responses did not alter our findings.
We used information from Medicare enrollment files to determine the percentage of all Medicare enrollees in each HRR who were enrolled in HMOs, to assign patients to one of nine major regions of the country, to determine whether patients had moved within an HRR or across HRRs within 1 or 2 years before their index admission, and to determine when patients should be censored based on loss of Medicare fee-for-service coverage (for utilization analyses) or based on relocation from their original HRR.
We used two approaches to determine cohort members' exposure to different levels of Medicare spending in their regions of residence. Previous research has shown that the dramatic differences in end-of-life treatment across U.S. regions are highly predictive of differences in total spending (13, 28) but are not due to differences in case mix or patient preferences (29). Our primary measure of exposure was the EOL-EI, which was calculated as age-sex-raceadjusted spending (measured with standardized national prices) on hospital and physician services provided to Medicare enrollees in their last 6 months of life in each of the 306 U.S. HRRs from mid-1994 to 1997, excluding any members of the study cohorts ( Appendix, Sections D and E).
Although Medicare enrollees identified 6 months before death are identical in terms of their risk for death (which is 100%), they may differ in other ways across HRRs (for example, in illness levels unrelated to risk for death). We therefore repeated the major analyses with an alternative exposure measurean Acute Care Expenditure Index (AC-EI)which was based on differences across HRRs in risk-adjusted spending during an acute care episode, calculated as follows. For each of the four study cohorts, we determined age-, sex-, race, and illness-adjusted spending on physician and hospital services (measured with standardized national prices) provided during the first 6 months after index hospitalization across the 306 HRRs. The AC-EI subsequently used to assign each cohort to different exposure levels was the average of the age-sex-race-illnessadjusted spending during the acute episode of care in the other cohorts ( Appendix, Section F).
The EOL-EI measures regional differences in practice at the end of life, while the AC-EI measures regional differences in practice during acute illness (or exacerbation of a chronic illness). Both measures were highly predictive of average age-sex-raceadjusted Medicare spending at the HRR level (r = 0.81 for the EOL-EI and 0.79 for the AC-EI in the acute MI cohort) and of regional differences in utilization. Both exposure measures produced similar results, so we present our findings on utilization based on the EOL-EI. (A sensitivity analysis of our mortality analyses using the AC-EI is presented in Part 2.) For many analyses, we grouped HRRs into quintiles of increasing exposure to Medicare spending based on the EOL-EI.
We used 100% Part A and B Medicare claims for all four cohorts to determine rates of specific physician and hospital services within the first year of follow-up and a 5% sample to examine aggregate physician utilization over the full 5 years of follow-up. The major categories of physician services provided to the Medicare population (MCBS) were defined by using Medicare's BerensonEggers Type of Service classification (cms.hhs.gov/data/betos/default.asp). The acute MI chart review allowed us to describe the proportion of patients in defined clinical subgroups who received specific medications or interventions during the initial hospitalization. Analyses of the quality of care were restricted to patients who were ideal candidates for each therapy (that is, patients with any absolute or potential contraindication to the treatment were excluded), as in the original description of the Cardiovascular Cooperative Project (18). The in-person interviews for the MCBS included specific questions about the types of visits received during the past year, waiting times at these visits, receipt of specific preventive services, and access to care.
All analyses used the patient as the unit of analysis and measured other attributes at progressively higher levels of aggregation where appropriate (ZIP code of residence, hospital of index admission, and HRR of residence). To test whether patients' baseline characteristics differed across HRRs with differing EOL-EI levels, we used logistic regression at the individual level with the attribute (for example, age 65 to 74 years) as a dichotomous dependent variable and the HRR-level EOL-EI as the independent variable. To assess the aggregate impact of any differences in individual attributes on average baseline risk for death across regions of increasing EOL-EI, we used logistic regression to determine each individual's predicted 1-year risk for death as a function of his or her baseline characteristics. The models had modest to excellent predictive ability (c-statistics were 0.61 for the colorectal cancer cohort, 0.68 for the hip fracture cohort, 0.77 for the acute MI cohort, and 0.82 for the MCBS cohort). We used these models to determine the average predicted risk for death across quintiles of EOL-EI. We then determined average predicted 1-year risk for death in each HRR and tested for an association across HRRs using logistic regression.
For the analyses of aggregate utilization, cohort members were censored (no longer followed) if they lost Medicare insurance (either Part A or B eligibility), enrolled in an HMO, or moved out of the original HRR of residence. The average amount of hospital and physician services provided to each cohort member across quintiles of the EOL-EI was calculated by using standardized national prices ( Appendix, Section D) and was calculated separately for the acute episode (index admission to 6 months for the three chronic disease cohorts) and for 6 months to 5 years (chronic disease cohorts) or for 5 years (MCBS cohort). To control for baseline differences, we used linear regression, weighting by follow-up time, with the log-transformed utilization of hospital and physician services per person-year as the dependent variable for the individual and the quintile of end-of-life spending as the primary independent variable. Coefficients and confidence intervals were back-transformed to provide estimates of the adjusted relative rates of utilization in the highest compared with the lowest quintile for each cohort.
We analyzed only the first year of follow-up (for which we had 100% physician claims) to compare rates of specific physician services across quintiles. We used Poisson regression to calculate adjusted relative rates of specific services (dependent variable) in quintile 5 compared with quintile 1, controlling for baseline differences (independent variables) (30). We then computed pooled relative rates across the cohorts, using a weighted average of the individual regression coefficients for each cohort and weighting by the inverse of the variance (31).
The specific independent and dependent variables included in each regression are described in Appendix Table 5. We used the REG routine of Stata 6.0 (Stata Corp., College Station, Texas) to perform all regression analyses. For the analyses of the MCBS cohort, we used SUDAAN (Research Triangle Institute, Research Triangle Park, North Carolina) to account for sampling weights and the two-stage design.
The 306 U.S. HRRs were assigned to quintiles of Medicare spending based on the primary exposure measure, the EOL-EI, which averaged $14 644 in quintile 5 (the highest-spending quintile) and $9074 in quintile 1 (the lowest-spending quintile) (Figure 2). Average age-sex-raceadjusted per capita Medicare spending was highly correlated with EOL-EI (r = 0.81); per capita Medicare spending was $6304 in quintile 5 and $3922 in quintile 1. Residents of the highest quintile received 61% more Medicare resources than those in the lowest quintile whether measured by the EOL-EI or by average Medicare spending. Quintiles with a higher expenditure index had more hospital beds and physicians, a relative predominance of large hospitals and teaching hospitals, and a higher proportion of urban residents. The percentage of Medicare beneficiaries enrolled in HMOs was higher in both the lowest and highest quintiles than in the middle quintiles.
Average per capita Medicare spending, health care resource levels, and other key attributes of U.S. hospital referral regions according to quintiles of spending.
Tables 1, 2, 3, and 4 present selected characteristics of each study cohort in each quintile and a test for trend across HRRs that had a higher EOL-EI. Because of the large sample sizes, many differences in the chronic disease cohorts were statistically significant. Notable differences were found in racial composition (more black patients in higher quintiles) and income (higher quintiles had more enrollees in the highest and lowest income categories). Smaller differences across quintiles were apparent in age, sex, comorbid conditions, and cancer stage. For the acute MI cohort, patients in the highest quintile had a higher prevalence of nonQ-wave infarctions and congestive heart failure but were less likely to have creatine kinase levels over 1000 IU/L. For the MCBS cohort, residents of HRRs in the quintiles with a higher EOL-EI were more likely to report being in fair or poor health but were less likely to live in a facility. Few differences were found, however, in activities of daily living or instrumental activities of daily living, smoking, or reported chronic conditions.
Table 1. Characteristics of the Hip Fracture Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Table 2. Characteristics of the Colorectal Cancer Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Table 3. Characteristics of the Acute Myocardial Infarction Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Table 4. Characteristics of the Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Tables 1, 2, 3, and 4 also present the average predicted risk for death in each quintile and a formal test of trend assessing whether HRRs with a higher EOL-EI had higher predicted mortality at baseline. A higher expenditure index was associated with an increased predicted risk for death for the AMI cohort, a lower predicted risk for death for the hip fracture cohort, and no significant difference in predicted mortality across spending levels for the colorectal cancer or MCBS cohorts. These data indicate that the burden of illness in these cohorts is similar across HRRs that differ by more than 60% in both EOL-EI and, as grouped according to the EOL-EI, average per capita Medicare spending.
Figure 3 displays the aggregate utilization of hospital and physician services by the study cohorts across quintiles. The data presented exclude the initial acute episode of care for the acute MI, hip fracture, and colorectal cancer cohorts because utilization rates were, as expected, similar during this period. Differences across the cohorts are apparent: Within each quintile, the MCBS cohort received the least care while the acute MI cohort received the most care. Within each cohort, however, patients who resided in regions with a higher EOL-EI received more medical care. After adjustment for baseline differences in health status, overall use of hospital and physician services was between 52% higher (MCBS cohort) and 77% higher (acute MI cohort) in the highest compared with the lowest quintile. For each of the cohorts, approximately half of the spending within a quintile was for acute inpatient hospital care and half was for physician services (data not shown).
Figure 4 characterizes the content of physician services provided to the Medicare population (MCBS) across quintiles. Only a small proportion of total physician services in any quintile was for major surgical procedures, and the overall rate of major surgery was relatively constant across quintiles. Evaluation and management services (visits), tests, radiology services, and minor procedures made up the vast majority of physician activity and explained the differences in physician practice found across the quintiles.
Utilization of physician services across quintiles of spending for the Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey cohort, 19921996.
Figure 5 provides detailed information on differences in the specific services provided to the chronic disease cohorts across HRRs with differing spending levels. We present the pooled relative rates and 95% CIs for all three chronic disease cohorts combined in quintile 5 (highest expenditure index) compared with quintile 1 (lowest expenditure index) because the relative use rates across quintiles were similar for each cohort. For example, although pulmonary function tests were performed twice as frequently overall in patients with acute MI than in those with hip fracture, they were performed nearly three times more often in the highest quintile than in the lowest quintile in all three cohorts (Appendix Table 11).
Relative rate and 95% CIs of specific services provided to cohort members residing in the highest quintile of Medicare spending compared with those residing in the lowest quintile for the three chronic disease cohorts combined.
Rates of major procedures differed little across quintiles and were sometimes lower and sometimes higher in quintile 5. Rates of several minor, relatively nondiscretionary procedures (skin laceration repair, breast biopsy) were also similar across quintiles.
As was found in the general population sample, differences in utilization across quintiles were largely due to increased use of evaluation and management services and associated tests, imaging and minor procedures, and use of the hospital as a site of care. Rates of outpatient physician office visits averaged 1.27 (95% CI, 1.26 to 1.28) times higher in quintile 5 than in quintile 1. Inpatient visits, however, were 2.13 (CI, 2.12 to 2.14) times higher, and inpatient specialist consultations were 2.36 (CI, 2.33 to 2.39) times higher. The proportion of patients seeing more than 10 different physicians during the first year after their index admission was 2.97 (CI, 2.84 to 3.11) times higher in quintile 5. More frequent physician contact was associated with more frequent use of diagnostic tests and minor procedures. Patients in quintile 5 spent more time in the hospital (rate ratio, 1.52 [CI, 1.50 to 1.54]) and in the intensive care unit (rate ratio, 1.55 [CI, 1.50 to 1.60]).
Some of the most dramatic differences were found in rates of services provided to severely ill patients. For example, among patients in their last 6 months of life, intensive care unit days were 2.28 (CI, 2.18 to 2.38) times higher in quintile 5 than in quintile 1 and the use of vena cava filters, feeding tubes, and emergency intubation were all more than 2.3 times as frequent in quintile 5 as in quintile 1.
Regions with higher expenditure indices did not provide better quality of care on most measures (Table 5). Among patients in whom the specific treatment was recommended, patients with acute MI in the highest quintile were no more likely to receive acute reperfusion, were less likely to receive aspirin at admission or discharge and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in the setting of a low ejection fraction, and were more likely to receive -blockers. Because some preventive services (for example, influenza vaccination) may be provided in nonreimbursed settings, the results for preventive services are based on patient reports from the MCBS. Although mammography was performed as frequently in high as in low quintiles, influenza and pneumococcal immunization and Papanicolaou smears were provided less frequently in HRRs with higher expenditure indices. Lack of better-quality care in HRRs in the highest quintile was not related to the greater predominance of teaching or large hospitals (Figure 6). Major teaching hospitals had somewhat higher quality on several of the measures, but the differences in quality across quintiles were small and inconsistent.
Table 5. Quality of Care according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Percentage of patients in the acute myocardial infarction cohort who received the specified therapy (among ideal candidates), according to type of hospital and quintile of Medicare spending.PP
Although the absolute differences in access to care were small, the findings suggest a general pattern of slightly lower access to care in HRRs with higher expenditure indices (Table 6). Patients with acute MI who lived in regions with higher expenditure indices were significantly less likely to receive exercise testing and angiography, and a slightly smaller percentage saw a physician within 30 days of discharge. Larger differences emerged in the type of specialists seen during the first 30 days: Those in HRRs with lower expenditure indices were more likely to see family practitioners, and those in HRRs with higher expenditure indices were more likely to see medical subspecialists.
Table 6. Access to Care according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
In HRRs with higher expenditure indices, a slightly smaller proportion of patients in the general population (MCBS) reported having a usual source of care. Some differences in the site of physician visits were seen, with more frequent outpatient and office visits in regions with high expenditure indices. Waiting times for emergency department, outpatient facility, and office visits were significantly longer in higher-spending regions. Finally, on the basis of one of three traditional measures of access (having a problem but not seeing a physician), HRRs with a higher expenditure index provided significantly worse access to care.
We conducted a cohort study in four distinct samples of Medicare enrollees to compare the content, quality, and accessibility of care across 306 U.S. HRRs with substantially different spending levels. The primary exposure variable in this study, the EOL-EI, was intended to measure the component of regional variation in Medicare spending that is unrelated to regional differences in illness or price. The goal was to ensure assignment of HRRs (and the patients within them) to treatment groups that were similar in baseline health status but that differed in subsequent treatment. The validity of the approach was confirmed by our finding that illness levels in each of the four study cohorts differed little across quintiles but that health care utilization rates and spending (for all four study samples) increased steadily and substantially as the expenditure index for a given HRR increased. Regardless of the measure used to characterize spending, residents of the highest-spending quintile received about 60% more care than residents of the lowest-spending quintile.
We compared the content, quality, and accessibility of care across regions with different levels of spending. The differences in spending across HRRs were largely due to more frequent use of the hospital as a site of care, more frequent physician visits, greater use of medical subspecialists, and more frequent diagnostic tests and minor procedures. The quality of care was no better in higher-spending regions, and access to care was slightly worse on most measures.
Our analysis has several limitations. First, we had only a limited number of measures of quality and access and studied only four cohorts. The consistency of our findings across cohorts and measures, however, strengthens the causal inferences that can be drawn. Other large studies have also documented substantial differences in resource use that are unrelated to quality of care (32-35).
Second, we must address concerns about potential unmeasured differences in health status. It is highly unlikely that the 60% differences in utilization observed across quintiles of spending could be due to residual confounding by unmeasured illness levels. In each of the four cohorts, we found that patients' predicted risk for death differed little across regions of differing spending levels. Moreover, crude and adjusted utilization analyses yielded nearly identical results. To account for the greater than 60% difference, therefore, an unmeasured confounder would have to be a more powerful predictor of utilization than those we measured (including self-assessed health status or the severity of an acute MI) and at the same time not be correlated with the available measures (because crude and adjusted analyses yielded similar results). The nearly 60% increased utilization observed in higher-spending regions was found in every subgroup of the study samples (Appendix Tables 12, 13, and 14).
Third, our findings cannot prove that the strong association we observed between capacity (the supply of hospital beds and medical specialists) and utilization is entirely causal. Differences in the malpractice environment could contribute to the differences in practice we observed. State-level differences in malpractice, however, are associated with a less than 10% difference in utilization (36). In addition, while it is possible that Medicare enrollees in high-spending regions prefer a more specialist-intensive pattern of practice, neither preferences nor greater fears of malpractice provide a compelling justification for the differences in public expenditures.
Previous research, however, suggests a causal relationship between supply and utilization. Use of physician services is strongly associated with the local workforce composition (7) and supply (9). Chronically ill patients are more likely to receive care in the hospital in communities with more beds (8, 12, 20, 37). In addition, the local bed supply, rather than patient preferences, explained the differences in end-of-life care among patients in the Study to Understand Prognoses and Preferences for Outcomes and Risks of Treatments (SUPPORT) (29). Finally, it has been shown that physicians adapt their admission and discharge decisions to the availability of intensive care unit beds, admitting more patients with less severe illness and extending length of stay when more beds are available (38). It appears likely that physicians in all regions are simply managing their patients with available resources and that inpatient management and subspecialist consultation are easier in regions where these resources are readily available.
Regional differences in Medicare spending are due almost entirely to use of discretionary services that are sensitive to the local supply of physicians and hospital resources: more frequent physician visits, greater use of specialists, and greater use of the hospital and intensive care unit as sites of care. Policymakers and purchasers concerned with resurgent growth in health care spending will need to focus on these supply-sensitive services. As we discuss in greater detail in Part 2, however, our study provides little guidance on the potential impact of reducing the use of such services, and caution is warranted as policies are developed to control health care spending.
Nevertheless, for the Medicare population, it appears that neither greater local availability of physicians and hospital beds nor the more inpatient-based and specialist-oriented pattern of practice that result are associated with improved access to care, better-quality care, or (as is reported in Part 2) better health outcomes or satisfaction. These findings call into question the notion that additional growth in health care spending is primarily driven by advances in science and technology and that spending more will inevitably result in improved quality of care.
The Appendix was developed to provide interested readers with additional detail on the methods of the study as well as supplementary findings referred to in the body of the papers that could not be included there because of space constraints. Section B provides an expanded discussion of the rationale for our study design and its relationship to instrumental variables analysis. Section C describes in greater detail our study populations, exclusions applied, and data quality. Section D describes in detail the rationale behind the approach and the methods used to calculate spending and utilization rates using measures free of bias that could be introduced because of differences in wages, prices, or policy payments to physicians or hospitals. Section E describes in greater detail the End-of-Life Expenditure Index (EOL-EI), the primary exposure used in the analysis, including the study population within which it was calculated and how members of each study cohort were excluded from the sample used to calculate the index used as the exposure for that cohort. Section F describes the motivation, methodology, and results of our sensitivity analysis using the Acute Care Expenditure Index.
In addition, the Appendix also includes supplementary tables that present additional detail on individual patient attributes (Appendix Tables 1, 2, 3, and 4), a table that lists specifically which variables are included in each of the major models used in the analyses (Appendix Table 5), the main models examining survival (Appendix Tables 6, 7, 8, and 9) and change in functional status (Appendix Table 10), a table presenting specific procedure rates for each chronic disease cohort and for all three cohorts combined (Appendix Table 11), and tables summarizing overall health care utilization rates across quintiles for each chronic disease cohort (Appendix Tables 12, 13, and 14).
Appendix Table 1. Characteristics of the Hip Fracture Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Appendix Table 2. Characteristics of the Colorectal Cancer Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Appendix Table 3. Characteristics of the Acute Myocardial Infarction Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Appendix Table 4. Characteristics of the Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey Cohort according to Level of Medicare Spending in Hospital Referral Region of Residence
Appendix Table 10. Models Testing the Association between the End-of-Life Expenditure Index and Change in Scores on the Health Activities and Limitations Index
Appendix Table 11. Specific Services Provided to Chronic Disease Cohorts during First Year of Follow-up
Appendix Table 12. Unadjusted Utilization Rates of Hospital and Physician Services, by Specified Subgroups of the Hip Fracture Cohort
Appendix Table 13. Unadjusted Utilization Rates of Hospital and Physician Services, by Specified Subgroups of the Colorectal Cancer Cohort
Appendix Table 14. Unadjusted Utilization Rates of Hospital and Physician Services, by Specified Subgroups of the Acute Myocardial Infarction Cohort
As is discussed in the overview of the study design in Parts 1 and 2, the ideal approach to addressing the study questionwhether the increased spending observed in some regions of the United States leads to better care or outcomeswould be to carry out a randomized trial. However, such a trial would be difficult and would probably end up answering a slightly different question (depending on the intervention under study).
The field of economic research has addressed this problem through approaches that attempt to create a natural randomization through what is termed instrumental variables analysis. The key notion is that an exposure is identified that allows the study sample to be assigned to different treatment groups in a way that assures that those in different treatment groups are similar in terms of attributes that might affect the outcome (that is, that case mix is similar in the groups). They are nonetheless treated differently.
A good example of this type of natural randomization comes from a study of how serving in the Vietnam War affected the probability of suicides and vehicular deaths (39). Clearly, comparing suicide rates for Vietnam veterans and nonveterans would be statistically suspect, since the underlying characteristics of the two groups would be expected to differ by so much. Draft lottery numbers, chosen randomly on the basis of ones birthday, were used as a natural randomization to place men into the treatment group, those most likely to be sent to Vietnam, and the control group, those least likely to be sent. This method qualified as an instrument because it fulfilled the two [intuitive] requirements of an instrumental variable: 1) It was highly correlated with the exposure variable, which was serving in Vietnam, and 2) it was plausibly uncorrelated with the underlying mental health of the population (or, more formally, with any unmeasured differences in the populations). In other words, any differences in suicide and accident rates between the two groups were very likely to have been the result of serving (or not serving) in Vietnam, and not individual risks for suicide or poor driving. The article by Hearst and colleagues, like our articles, took a reduced-form approach to the problem. In other words, they compared what they called draft eligible (the treatment group) with draft ineligible (the control group).
By the same token, in our papers, we compared outcomes of people living in areas where the health system displays a more aggressive approach to end-of-life care with those of people living in areas where the health system displays a less aggressive approach. We have no a priori reason for believing that these populations in these regions should differ in their underlying health status, but they are treated differently.
Why didnt we use the formal instrumental variables approach, in which we would predict how much an additional $1000 in Medicare spending affects survival? There are three main reasons. First, we are interested primarily in the direction and general magnitude of effect, rather than in the cost of achieving that effect. We recognize that if increased expenditures across regions result in improved health outcomes, knowing the magnitude of the effect of an additional 10% increase in regional spending on survival and functional status for Medicare patients would be important for policy research. If we find no association or that higher spending is associated with lower survival, however, the precise estimate of the coefficient (in terms of dollars) is relatively unimportant. Second, instrumental variables analysis is able to provide unbiased estimates only in certain settings, one of which is a linear model. Our need to use Cox proportional-hazards regression for our mortality analyses precluded a formal instrumental variables analysis using currently developed statistical tools. Finally, it is important to recognize that the fundamental limitation of instrumental variables analysis would remain. One cannot prove that one has a perfect instrument.
We therefore presented our analysis as an observational study. We recognize that unmeasured confounding remains a possibility, but we nevertheless believe that our findings represent a major advance over previous research and that our conclusions that residence in higher-spending regions does not cause improved quality, access to care, or survival (and may cause worse survival) are sound.
For all three study cohorts, we restricted the eligible population to Medicare enrollees between the ages of 65 and 99 years who, at the time of their index admission, were eligible for both Medicare Parts A and B and were not enrolled in a health maintenance organization (HMO).
The acute myocardial infarction (MI) cohort was drawn from the patients included in the Cooperative Cardiovascular Project, which identified from billing records a national sample of Medicare beneficiaries with discharges for acute MI that occurred between February 1994 and November 1995 (40). We excluded patients with an unconfirmed acute MI (using the same criteria as in previous studies [41]) and included only the first episode of acute MI for a given patient. Characteristics of the acute MI cohort were obtained from the medical record by trained abstractors working in the Health Care Financing Administrations Cooperative Cardiovascular Project. They collected extensive data on predefined variables, including presentation characteristics (location of MI, cardiac rhythm, blood pressure, shock, and whether cardiopulmonary resuscitation was performed), initial laboratory values, the presence of comorbid conditions, and functional status before admission. Quality of the chart review process was monitored by random reabstractions; percentage agreement was generally very high (93.3% to 94.8%) (42). Demographic information available through the administrative databases was virtually complete (for example, age, sex, ethnicity, date of death) and is believed to be highly accurate. Clinical variables had some missing values; we created an additional categorical variable (for example, missing creatine kinase level) where appropriate.
We used Medicares 100% national MedPAR files to identify the first admission between 1993 and 1995 for patients with a primary diagnosis of hip fracture or colorectal cancer with resection, using the same International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes as in earlier work (43). Hospitalization rates for these conditions vary little across regions, and incident cases are likely to be similarly ill in different communities. We excluded patients with a previous hospitalization for the same diagnosis in the year before their index stay. Characteristics of the hip fracture and colorectal cancer cohorts were ascertained from claims data and U.S. Census data. Age, sex, race, and date of death were all ascertained from Medicares denominator file (44). We coded the presence or absence of specific comorbid conditions by using diagnoses recorded on the discharge abstract as in previous work (43, 45). Colorectal cancer stage was defined by using the diagnoses recorded on the discharge abstract and classified as distant versus local or regional because this classification has been found to correspond most closely to reported stage according to analyses of linked Medicare-Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results data (46). Data from the 1990 U.S. Census, measured at the level of the ZIP code, were used to provide measures of income, education, disability status, urban or rural residence, employment, marital status, and Hispanic origin. Fewer than 1% of cohort members were missing these census variables. For those with missing values, we assigned the average of the value for other members of the study cohort residing in the same hospital referral region (HRR).
Persons in this study were participants in the access to care component of the Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey (MCBS), a continuous panel survey that is representative of the Medicare population (47). Participants are selected by using a stratified multistage geographic sample design, with oversampling of aged and disabled beneficiaries. Respondents are interviewed in both community settings and health facilities. The access to care component entails annual interviews with respondents and collects information on demographic characteristics, health insurance, health status and functioning, access to care, and satisfaction with services. Response rates to the survey have been high (48): Of the 14 530 initially asked to participate, 83.3% agreed to the interviews. Medicare claims data are available for all participants who are not enrolled in HMOs. Data collection and preparation procedures are described elsewhere (47).
We selected for inclusion in the survival analysis all MCBS participants older than age 65 years with an initial interview between 1991 and 1996, excluding HMO members and those not eligible for Medicare Part A or Part B (n = 23 902). The analysis of utilization were also done on essentially the same cohort (n = 23 498) but excluded several hundred patients because of incomplete utilization data. The analyses of baseline characteristics, access, and satisfaction excluded those with interviews in 1991 because key variables were missing for that year. The study population for analysis of baseline characteristics consisted of 18 190 patients. Analysis of decline in functional status was further restricted to those with at least 1 year of follow-up (n = 15 556).
Demographic data included age, race, sex, marital status, education, household income, and urban residence. Insurance coverage was coded into four mutually exclusive categories, as in others work (49). Health status variables included self-assessed health, activities of daily living, instrumental activities of daily living, other functional impairments, a list of reported medical conditions, whether a patient was bedridden, facility residence, and smoking status. Questions on access to care included having a usual source of care, having a usual physician, having trouble getting care, delaying care because of cost, having a serious problem and not seeing a physician, as well as receiving specific preventive services. Respondents who had received medical care were asked the site or sites of care and how long they had waited to receive care. Satisfaction with medical care was assessed by using the questions used to evaluate care in previous analyses of the Medicare population (50).
We used the Health Activities and Limitations Index (HALex) to characterize participants functional status. The HALex was developed by the National Center for Health Statistics to provide a national measure of years of healthy life that can be calculated using the responses to the National Health Interview Survey. The HALex assesses health on a continuum ranging from death (0.0) to the best possible health state (1.0). Each individual is assigned to 1 of 30 unique health states based on his or her self-perceived health (five levels) and degree of activity limitation (six levels). Multiattribute utility theory was used to develop the scoring algorithm (51). First, the best and worst states of each dimension (when examined independently) were assigned the values of 1 and 0, respectively. The distance between each response level for each dimension (activity limitation and self-perceived health) was then defined by using correspondence analysis to maximize the correlation between the two dimensions and thereby define the values for the intermediate responses on each scale. Finally, after the corners of the distribution were anchored by using utilities derived from the Health Utilities Index Mark I (52), a multiplicative model was then used to assign scores to each of the 30 unique health states. A detailed description of the methods is available elsewhere (53) and at www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/statnt/statnt07.pdf.
The MCBS includes the questions required to calculate a HALex score, but because elderly participants are not asked about limitations in their major activity, only 20 of the 30 cells are used to score their responses, as in other analyses of the elderly. Several studies have reported on the construct validity of the HALex and found that the direction of effects of other patient attributes on HALex scores are as hypothesized (54). Our own models further confirm the construct validity of this measure. For example, the impact of increasing age on functional status can be seen in model A (Appendix Table 10). In model B, which includes interactions between year and age, sex, and race categories, older individuals face a significantly increased risk for decline in HALex scores over up to 3 years. In model C, which includes interaction terms between year and the chronic conditions, it can be seen that both Alzheimer disease and, to a lesser extent, Parkinson disease are associated with a significantly more rapid decline in functional status than other chronic conditions. All these effects appear plausible.
To further validate the use of HALex scores, we compared the impact of chronic conditions on MCBS participants HALex scores with the impact of similar chronic conditions on physical component summary scores derived from the Medical Outcomes Study Short-Form 36 (55). We could not make a perfect head-to-head comparison because the wording of the questions in each survey was not identical and the MCBS survey included questions about chronic conditions not included in the Medical Outcomes Study survey. Nevertheless, when we compared the coefficients derived from age- and sex-adjusted models for the specific chronic conditions included in both data sets, we found a strong correlation overall (r = 0.77) and in the rank order of the impact of the conditions on functional status (r = 0.74) (Appendix Table 15).
All of our utilization analyses in which dollar amounts are reported were based on measures of expenditures that have been purged of regional differences in prices or policy payments because the use of actual payments would introduce a bias. Actual reimbursements for hospital and physician services vary substantially according to geographic region due to wage, price, and policy differences (such as subsidies for the costs of medical education). To develop a measure of Medicare spending that was free of regional differences in price and policy payments, we followed the general approach developed by the Medicare Prospective Payment Commission in an earlier report (56) to calculate spending as follows. For inpatient hospital services, we based our measure on the diagnosis-related group (DRG) weight. All DRGs are assigned a relative weight proportional to the average national cost for Medicare patients within that DRG compared to the average cost for all Medicare patients. We converted DRG weights to dollars by multiplying the weight times the national average DRG price for 1996 ($3799). The measure reflects average national resource use for this condition. Hospital spending was defined as the sum of all DRG weights for an individual during a specified period times the DRG price. For physician services, we used the Resource-Based Relative Value Scale that forms the basis of the current Medicare physician fee schedule (57). Relative value units (RVUs) are assigned to each physician service to reflect physician work and the associated practice expense. For services included in the physician fee schedule, we assigned the total RVU value for the specific service from the Medicare fee schedule. For services not included in the fee schedule (primarily laboratory services), we calculated an RVU equivalent by dividing either the standard national price (laboratory services) or the median national allowed charge (for physician services without an RVU in the fee schedule) by the average 1996 factor ($36.14) used to convert RVUs to dollars. When DRG weights and RVUs are used, the measure of spending treats the value of a given service equally regardless of where the service is performed in the country. The measure removes the effect of any geographic differences in prices, wages, and policy payments.
Physician spending was defined as the sum of all RVUs for a given beneficiary during a specified period times the conversion factor. Aggregate spending for an individual is calculated in dollars and equals the sum of hospital spending and physician spending.
We used the definition of HRRs developed for the Dartmouth Atlas of Health Care, which is based on where patients travel to receive cardiovascular surgery and neurosurgery (58). More than 90% of Medicare enrollees live in HRRs where over 80% of residents care is delivered by providers within the HRR (58).
To identify a reference population who should be similarly ill across regions (at least in terms of their risk for death), we used the Medicare denominator file to identify all Medicare beneficiaries who died during the 3.5-year period between 1 July 1994 and 31 December 1997, were between 65.5 and 100 years of age at the time of death, were not enrolled in an HMO during their last 6 months of life, and were eligible for Medicare Part A (hospital insurance) and Part B (physician) coverage. We used the entire sample for analyses of hospital utilization. To measure use of physician services, we used the subset that was included in the 5% national sample (44), as in previous work (59), because complete Medicare Part B files were available to us only for that sample.
To ensure that regional differences in wages, prices, and policy payments did not bias our measure of regional differences in spending, we used standardized national prices (as described in Section D).
The reference populationall Medicare enrollees who died between mid-1994 and 1997includes members of the study cohorts who died during this interval. Although they represent a small percentage of the reference population, we wished to avoid the possibility of spurious correlations (sicker hip fracture patients in a given region would have higher expenditures and might be more likely to die). We therefore calculated an overall EOL-EI including all enrollees that was used to prepare Figure 2 in Part 1 and to map the regions. For each study population, however, we calculated a specific EOL-EI for use in the survival analyses (for which even a small bias could be problematic) that excluded from the reference population members of that cohort. There were thus four EOL-EIs. (Because <1% of the population were excluded, these measures were extremely highly correlated and resulted in nearly identical quintiles.) The EOL-EI was calculated as age-sex-race-adjusted spending (using the standardized national prices) on physician and hospital services by the reference population in each HRR. We sorted HRRs in order of increasing intensity and divided them into quintiles of approximately equal population size, based on the entire Medicare population older than 65 years of age.
Because of concern that our primary exposure (the EOL-EI) may not have fully accounted for differences in population characteristics in different regions, we developed an alternative measure and repeated the analyses using this measure. Although the ideal measure would be risk-adjusted differences in total Medicare spending, we know of no way to calculate such a measure using currently available data. An alternative was to define study populations in which we were reasonably confident in our case-mix measures. Given the probable similarity of the cohorts at baseline across regions, and the high quality of the risk-adjustment data for short-term mortality (for example, 6 months), we decided to use as our alternative exposure measure the regional differences in risk-adjusted 6-month utilization in the complementary cohorts as our measure of the exposure. We describe this approach, and our findings, in the sections that follow.
We performed four parallel analyses, one for each of our cohorts. The regional spending measure for each cohort was developed using the other cohorts, as shown in Appendix Table 16. The expenditure index was developed by using a linear regression model. To determine risk-adjusted expenditures, we used the following equation:
in which Uij is the total hospital and physician resource use per person in the first 6 months of follow-up by patient i in HRR j; ZI is a vector of patient covariates, including demographic (age, sex, race, income), severity (for example, stage), and comorbidity measures; is the effects of patient-level factors on utilization; Wj is the coefficient estimating regional intensity in HRR j; j is a set of HRR-level indicator variables [1 to 306]; and vij are patient-level error terms. The regression model is run with no intercept. The expenditure index used for the colorectal cancer cohort, for example, is the average of the coefficients j for the specific HRR generated from the hip fracture and acute MI regressions. We chose the first 6 months of utilization because the risk measures available in the data sets, especially for the acute MI cohort, are clearly most appropriate for this interval. The index for each study population was the weighted average of the coefficients for the specific HRR from each of the relevant models. We then repeated the key analyses related to survival: 1) comparing average predicted 1-year mortality rate across quintiles of the expenditure index; 2) comparing risk-adjusted utilization during both the first 6 months after the original hospitalization (where utilization rates should be relatively similar, given that all patients in the three hospitalized cohorts had an index hospitalization), and after the first 6 months of follow-up [where the most dramatic differences in utilization were seen]; and 3) comparing survival across quintiles and in a model in which the expenditure index was included as a continuous variable.
The first questionwhether individuals residing in HRRs classified as higher- and lower-spending have similar baseline risk factors for 1-year mortalityis addressed below. The results are similar to those with the EOL-EI. Average risk for death was flat for both hip fracture and colorectal cancer, increased for the acute MI cohort, and decreased for the MCBS sample (Appendix Table 17).
As in the analyses using the EOL-EI, risk-adjusted utilization rates increased across regions with higher levels of the Acute Care Expenditure Index, with a consistent but small increase during the first 6 months and a dramatic difference apparent after the acute episode. (It is important to recall that the first 6-month analysis includes the index hospitalization, which all three chronic disease cohorts experienced, resulting in smaller relative differences.) The results are similar to the findings using the EOL-EI, except in the hip fracture and colorectal cancer cohorts. In the current analyses, the ratio of utilization rates in the highest to lowest quintiles was somewhat lower than in the original analyses (1.42 vs. 1.75 and 1.58 vs. 1.75) (Appendix Table 18).
Further analyses indicated that the range of spending rates was probably lower across quintiles of the Acute Care Expenditure Index because the two cohorts in which the risk-adjusted expenditure index were developed for the hip fracture cohort were comparatively small, introducing greater measurement error.
Finally, we repeated the survival models (Appendix Table 19). The findings are similar but not identical to those presented in Part 2. Instead of the findings of statistically significant coefficients showing a small increase in the risk for death in the highest quintiles (and in the continuous models that are the appropriate test for trend), the analyses with the Acute Care Expenditure index are essentially flat.
In summary, we found that our overall results using the new expenditure index were similar to the findings using the EOL-EI, especially if it is considered that our essential message is that there are dramatic differences in utilization across regions of increasing Medicare expenditures, that these utilization differences are not explained by underlying illness rates, and that the increased utilization is not associated with any gain in life expectancy. The relative consistency of these findings across the cohorts strengthens our confidence in this inference.
At the same time, because the findings are not identical, it may be worth considering a closely related question: Which measure is better? It could be argued that the EOL-EI is better because 1) it has less measurement error because it was calculated using much larger sample sizes; 2) it may be a better measure of the propensity of physicians in a region for overuse; and 3) it leads to slightly better stratification of HRRs into regions of higher and lower spending.
The argument for the Acute Care Expenditure Index based on first 6-month cohort-specific use is the following: 1) It may allow for better adjustment for possible differences in illness across regions of differing spending levels; and 2) it may be a better measure of regional differences in the propensity of physicians to provide extra care to patients with specific, clear-cut needs (for example, in the acute phase of an injury or illness).
We cannot know which measure is right or gives the better answer. The new index suggests that even when regions are stratified according to differences in how they treat patients during an acute illness episode, however, those regions that take the more intensive approach do not achieve consistently better survival.
Health spending projections for 2001-2011: the latest outlook. Faster health spending growth and a slowing economy drive the health spending projection for 2001 up sharply
Associations among hospital capacity, utilization, and mortality of US Medicare beneficiaries, controlling for sociodemographic factors
Improving the quality of care for Medicare patients with acute myocardial infarction: results from the Cooperative Cardiovascular Project
Effects of admission to a teaching hospital on the cost and quality of care for Medicare beneficiaries
Influence of patient preferences and local health system characteristics on the place of death. SUPPORT Investigators. Study to Understand Prognoses and Preferences for Risks and Outcomes of Treatment
Medicare beneficiaries rate their medical care: new data from the MCBS (Medicare Current Beneficiary Survey)
Evaluation of a population-based measure of quality of life: the Health and Activity Limitation Index (HALex)
An overview of the development and refinement of the Resource-Based Relative Value Scale. The foundation for reform of U.S. physician payment
The Implications of Regional Variations in Medicare Spending: The Content, Quality, and Accessibility of Care
The Implications of Regional Variations in Medicare Spending. Part 2: Health Outcomes and Satisfaction with Care
Baseline plus 1-hour high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T improved early rule-out and rule-in of acute MI
Each day when you travel near the bay you will always see cargo ships anchored out in the channel. They may sit there for days waiting their turn to enter the Baltimore Harbor. Everything imaginable is delivered to Baltimore, being dropped off from ships that travel from every imaginable country. It is really pretty when you see see sailboats gliding near them.
We now have cruise lines departing from Baltimore too. Now that is a sight when one goes under the Chesapeake Bay Bridge
Life around Annapolis is quite beautiful when you stop and enjoy it's energy. Oh and that is the Thomas Point Lighthouse in the foreground. It is famous around these parts.
About the Author Martha Brown- As a third generation Annapolitan I love to write about my experiences in and out of the real estate market. Licensed since 1992 all with Long & Foster I am a Certified Residential Specialist (CRS) and a Seller Representation Specialist (SRS) whose passion is homes in the Annapolis MD area and surrounding communities. My goal is to help my clients understand the real estate market and to then make sound real estate decisions.
All Photographs and/or written material and content produced by Martha Brown. All Rights Reserved and may not be reproduced or reprinted without express written permission of
Cargo Ships On The Chesapeake Bay Each day when you travel near the bay you will always see cargo ships anchored out in the channel. They may sit there for days waiting their turn to enter the Baltimore Harbor. Everything imaginable is… more
Sunny Skies, Irish Serenade and Downtown… This is Why You Will Love Annapolis Today was absolutely gorgeous and I had office duty in Annapolis. There was a St Patricks Day parade down Main St today, our very first one, and it brought… more
Are Interest Rates Moving Up? Hmmm… MBA Thinks So My oh my… what is a buyer to do? Not only is inventory in high demand but interest rates are on the move to. If interest rates in the 3's is a top priority for you then this spring… more
Question… Can I Use a VA Loan To Purchase a Heritage Harbour Home? Question- My husband and I will be looking for our 'forever' home in the next year or so. We would like to move into a 55+ community but were told some communities… more
Village Greens of Annapolis.. New Construction These new Annapolis townhomes are being built by Craftstar Homes a Energy Star Builder. Village Greens of Annapolis will have 94 townhomes total consisting of two fabulous floorplans, The… more
Banks Want These Homes Around Annapolis Sold Now Though the inventory is not huge these homes around Annapolis are bank owned and they want them sold now. Check out these homes now. Inventory is low even in bank owned… more
Historic Annapolis 21401 Home Sales for 2012 Historic Annapolis Home Sales for 2012 provided by Martha Brown The Historic Annapolis home market saw a total of 36 sales for 2012. The average sales price to list… more
Heritage Harbour Let's Talk Real Estate for January 2013 With its wonderful location on the edge of Annapolis and the amazing amenities within Heritage Harbour i s the premier Annapolis 55+ community. The Heritage… more
Annapolis MD Waterfront Home Sales for January 2013 Brought to you by Martha Brown Your Annapolis Real Estate Lady Owning a piece of Annapolis waterfront real estate truly has it's blessings. Whether it is a… more
Annapolis MD Waterfront Home Sales Recap for 2012 Brought to you by Martha Brown. Your Annapolis Real Estate Lady. Owning a piece of Annapolis waterfront real estate truly has it's blessings. Whether it is a private oasis… more
Sheikh Salim Al-Noury is determined not to rule—until a beautiful diplomat is hired to persuade him to reconsider. Working abroad is Charlotte McQuillan’s perfect getaway from Christmas heartbreak. But Salim’s rugged masculinity soon awakens Charlotte to unimaginable pleasures!
Sheikh Ilyas al-Razim won’t let a waitress attempt to blackmail him—even if that means taking stunning Maggie Delaney as his hostage. Maggie convinces Ilyas of her innocence and is freed…yet now she’s held captive by their smouldering desire!
Chloe dreads working with Nico Di Fiore, the man who once coldly rejected her. Nothing will distract Nico from success, including his craving for Chloe. But now, with their connection undeniable, Nico is determined to take Chloe as his own!
Rio Mastrangelo is determined to sell his father’s island as fast as he can! Potential purchaser Tilly Morgan’s luscious body fills him with hot desire. When a storm hits, trapping them together, there’s nowhere to run from their raging hunger!
Here, we help you to obtain & download the best Python Programming Pdf Books for free. From today you Will not pay money for getting Python GUI and Python 3 e-Books. We always looking to help poor people learn for free, even if you didn't find the Books or e-Books you're looking for. Just send us the request Book and we will get it for you! But if you've the money, We suggest you to find discounted coupon the pay the Book to help Publishers still in business and still everyone learn.
Our Prima kitchenware range is guaranteed to make your life simple in your comfort zone, the kitchen.
Ideal for those long car/truck journeys. Have a hot coffee waiting without having to make a stop. Every car should have one on board.
Firm seal lid to prevent spillages and a sliding tab on the top allows the liquid inside to cool down faster if you need it.
Made from 600 denier Heavy duty polyester material with internal spring loops to provide stability to the capsule. Front and rear zipped doors, removable waterproof removable inner liner and mesh netting for ventilation and sun protection.
Please SelectAfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegowinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEast TimorEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrance, MetropolitanFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard and Mc Donald IslandsHondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran (Islamic Republic of)IraqIreland (Republic of)IsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacauMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Vincent and the GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakia (Slovak Republic)SloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and the South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSt. HelenaSt. Pierre and MiquelonSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan Mayen IslandsSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwanTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVatican City State (Holy See)VenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands (British)Virgin Islands (U.S.)Wallis and Futuna IslandsWestern SaharaYemenYugoslaviaZaireZambiaZimbabwe
This lets us know the history and current state of your health. What questions, concerns, goals, regarding wellness can we help you with? Let us know!
"He does an amazing job helping to alleviate pain. I have used him for years on and off. I have referred many people to him and each of them also rave about his ability to relieve pain."
The 5 Senses The five senses, that is, the sense of sight, touch, hearing, taste, and smell, provide us with necessary information regarding the world around us.1 These precious capabilities enable us to navigate our environment with seemingly instantaneous feedback with reference to our actions and ...
Obtaining sufficient restful sleep is an essential requirement for optimal human productivity. Such a practice is a key component of a healthy lifestyle, which includes a nutritious diet, regular vigorous exercise, and a positive mental attitude. How much sleep one needs varies from person to person. ...
Summer is a subjectively fleeting season and school days are upon us once again. For children, this bittersweet time marks the completion of a period of relative freedom and the beginning of a new set of responsibilities. For adults, the onset of late summer and early fall signals yet another turn of ...
A repetitive motion injury (or overuse injury) involves doing an action over and over again, as with a baseball pitcher throwing a baseball, a tennis player hitting a tennis ball, typing at a computer keyboard, and most notoriously, typing with your thumbs on the tiny keypad of your phone. It may be ...
Left-Handers Day Left-Handers Day, celebrated on August 15th, was launched in 1992 by the Left-Handers Club, an organization based in the United Kingdom. Since then, Left-Handers Day has become a worldwide event and social media phenomenon. Around the world, approximately one in ten persons is left-handed. ...
Peak Experiences The American philosopher and naturalist Henry David Thoreau roamed far and wide over the hills and mountains of his native Massachusetts and neighboring New Hampshire. In his masterwork, "Walden," Thoreau famously stated that we must "reawaken and keep ourselves awake, not by mechanical ...
In a common occurrence, you bend over to pick up the pencil you inadvertently dropped on the floor. Or you bend over to pick up the soap bar that has slipped through your fingers in the shower. Or you bend over to lift a bag of groceries out of your automobile trunk. These are all daily events. But on ...
Summer Sports In the summertime, everyone's thoughts turn to the outdoors. We want to get out in the sun and have some fun. Some people do exercise outdoors, such as running, walking, and biking, all year long regardless of the weather.1 For others, summer's warmer temperatures make activity outside ...
Wellness Gardens When time is spent in an office or indoors day in and day out, some can lose that connection to the outside world. And that loss of connection can lead to higher stress levels and more health ailments without even realizing it. But when that the gap between office life and outdoor life ...
Molly is the street name for the drug MDMA. MDMA is also the main ingredient in ecstasy, but ecstasy is usually “cut” with other drugs, while Molly is pure MDMA.
Molly affects the brain by increasing the activity of at least three neurotransmitters (the chemical messengers of brain cells): serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine. When you take Molly, you generally get feelings of euphoria, a heightened sense of intimacy and pleasure, and decreased anxiety because of the effects on these neurotransmitters. The peak effects of molly drug use are felt 60 to 90 minutes after ingestion and last for two to four hours, followed by a gradual comedown.
In general, molly is not physically addictive. The main addiction potential of molly is psychological addiction. Because of its effects on the neurotransmitters in the brain, molly can cause feelings of depression and drug craving when molly use is stopped.
Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that affects mood, sleep, pain, emotion, appetite, and other behaviors. The increase of serotonin is what causes the feeling of happiness and excitement when your brain is on Molly. However, molly use depletes the serotonin in your brain, so the next day you often feel anxious, depressed, and tired. Over time, Molly can damage serotonin-containing neurons; some of these studies have shown these effects to be long-lasting. Molly users experience long lasting confusion, depression, and selective impairment of working memory and attention processes.
Factors such as gender, dosage, frequency and intensity of use, age at which use began, the use of other drugs, as well as genetic and environmental factors all play a role in some of the cognitive deficits that result from Molly. When you use molly with other drugs, it increases the chance that you will have long term effects from your brain on Molly. Also, when you do molly more frequently for a longer period of time, you are likely to have more long lasting effects from your brain on Molly.
For a long time, people believed that Molly was a lot more hazardous than it actually is. In September 2002, an article by scientist George Ricaurte was published in Science magazine. The article outlined the severe neurotoxic of MDMA on dopaminergic neurons, producing what looked like “holes” in the brain and causing Parkinson’s-like symptoms in users. The report spread like wildfire, being cited in a number of media publications.
However, the article was later retracted, with scientists admitting that the monkeys were given methamphetamines, not MDMA, and the journal was criticized for publishing an article that was clearly meant to be used as a political scare tactic. Unfortunately, the retraction did not garner as much publicity as the original article, so many in the general public still believe that Molly will “eat holes in your brain.”
Tags: dopamine, ecstasy, MDMA, norepinephrine, psychological addiction, serotonin, Your brain on Molly
I m traveling to St George Utah from Killeen Texas in a couple of months and wanted to know if there were any checkpoints I can avoid?
How's it feel knowing Supreme Court is REPUBLICAN for life? Why do Jim Acosta and other leftists act like they're asking a question but then they just argue and make assertions when you answer them? Why isn't there a North American union where free movement of people between the US and Canada is possible? Like in the EU? What would you say to vladimir putin if he was standing in fron of you? Why don't conservatives want to count absentee ballots from military personal fighting overseas?
Корпоративный брендинг, разработка упаковки, создание рекламы, а также проектирование шрифтов. Обладаю уникальным опытом работы с малым и средним бизнесом Беларуси в области корпоративного брендинга. Оказание консультационных услуг. Многопрофильность, скорость и деловая гибкость позволяют одновременно совмещать в себе функциональность брендингового агентства и мобильность независимого специалиста.
Israeli firm Delek has begun the process of selling off its 31.25% stake in the country’s 10 tcf Tamar offshore gas field, as required by 2016’s Gas Outline.
Delek Group last week set up a special purpose vehicle, Tamar Petroleum, to market an initial 9.25% via a bond issue and an IPO.
Delek says it expects to raise a combined $1-1.2bn through this week’s bond issue of 5% of Tamar, with a further 4.25% floated via an IPO next week. The upper $1.2bn valuation implies...
72 u.s. JOURNAL: NE W YORK E-A TING OUT I RECENTL)7 met someone who had collected information about four hundred Ne\v )70rk restau- rants and stored it in a computer in Cupertino, California. In the context of the conversatIon we were having at the time, it struck me as a natural enough thIng to have done. We were having dinner at the apartment of some frIends of mIne, Peter and Alessandra Wolf, where the conversation often turns to food even before the first course is served. Peter, who grew up in Nevi Orleans, and Alessandra, who is an immigrant from Fort \Vorth, are basically regional loyalists who eat or prepare other types of food as a kind of casual sideline-the way some tournament-class tennis player might mop up all of the paddle-tennis and table-tennis competition at the local clu b if It'S too cold to play the real game. Peter is such a discriminating consumer of his home town's cooking that when a trip allows him time for only one or two meals in New Orleans, the one Amel ican city most citizens as- sociate with French cUIsine, he is likely to take them at Italian restaurants- Italian restaurants that specialize in Jj ÞdI Y g í '\ \\ I - -... ì i W', ",-- " ! "" t\- '-Jf / - J1- > " I % ... ^"" -- f ' ..; . \ J [1 ...- something like baked oysters or cracked-crab salad, it's true, but still Italian restaurants. Peter once discov- ered in an upper-Broadway Szechwan restaurant a dish called Red Soup, which he claimed was the best Chinese dish available in New )70rk for those who like their Chinese food flavored hot, but the claim turned out not to be subject to independent confirmation, since Red Soup was so hot that only someone who had trained on Cajun peppers for twenty or thirty vears could eat enough of it to find out what it tasted like. Alessandra lived in France for quite a while, but she hasn't al- lowed that to ruin her cooking. She can turn out a first-rate French meal, of courSé, and she is one of the few OCCI- dentals in New )70rk whose Chinese cookIng does not evoke sympathy for the organizers of the Boxer Rebellion. But I think of dinner at her house as celebrating a special occasion when she serves something called Chili Texas Party Style-a Fort \V orth meat deli- cacy that each guest flavors to taste by adding chopped onions or sour cream or shredded lettuce or Monterey Jack cheese or, In my case, all of the above l' l4J 1> ) I 1M · l .I!i:1/ '! 1 f ',- [i!ì wW J) " ì " } . ç to" ((For God's sake! pzck 1itp Y01itr own damn money!" (In such situations, I have yet to add anything less than everything. I like ev- erytlung with everything, and I find people who don't impossible to fathom except as victims of the Puritan Ethic. Failing to add everything, it seems to me, demonstrates not the presence of restraint but the absence of curiosity- the kind of healthy curiosity that im- pels me to try every single cheese on the cheese board no matter how many times the French waiter with the tight smile emit'; one of those impatient sighs he practices in the kitchen during slack hours.) I believe it was merely an ex- quisite French meal we were being served by Alessandra when the subject of New )70rk restaurants worked its way into the conversation and I learned that one of the other guests, an invest- ment banker named Anthon) Lam- port, could summon data on four hun- dred of them simply bv strolling over to a computer terminal he had installed in a sm'll] office one flight above his bed- room and punching a few keys. Those who consider Lamport's fa- CIlities, well, more than the situation calls for have never developed a serious interest in eating out in N ew York. I don't mean dining out-showing up at the kind of East Side restaurants that are often mentioned in gossip columns and expense accounts, restaurants that prosper or languish for reasons other than how the food tastes. There 1S, of course, always plenty of that going on in Manhattan, and there is also plenty of business for the fast-food operators. McDonald's, which got a late start in the city, is now doing the kind of vol- ume that restaurant people speak of In the tones theatre people reserve for dis- cussions of Neil Simon's box office, and lately there has been a spreading rash of Steak & Brevv. outlets, Steak & Brew being a chain that has done for steaks '-' what Astroturf did for outfields. My friend Fats Goldberg, the pizza baron, believes that, the appeal of limited- menu, fast-service operations being what it is in New )7ork, a restaurant en trepreneur could enrich himself by creating a midtown restaurant based on a two-way conveyor belt moving with- in a building between, say, Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Streets. The customer who entered on Forty-fifth would pay for one of three or four set lunches, sit down at a table on a slow-moving con- veyor belt, and, after eating his fill and perusing some advertlsing displays on the wall and nodding to a few ac- quaintances who have passed slowly in the other direction, be dumped out on Forty-sixth Street. People who are serious about eating out have to work a territory way be-
from defeat in a dispute about the num- ber of rows of kernels on an ear of corn. During a pause in a conversation at a socIal gathering, a Middle Westerner stated that no ear of corn had ever been known to have anything but an even number of rows-usually twelve. " Oh "o d S " Th , no, sal tout. ey some- tImes have eleven and sometimes thir- teen." This was a wicked invention on Stout's part. An old Middle "'7' estern corn grower himself, he knew that na- ture always makes a point of fixing up an ear of corn with an even number of rows of kernels, but the spirit of con- tradiction had seized him. He felt that the man was shoving people around with unnecessary and irrelevant information. He is a sworn foe of the ] ohnny Appleseeds who go about donating little facts to com parative strangers. He had a special reason for be- ing in a fanatical mood <- at that particular time. Scores of his fellow mystery writers had fallen into the hahit of dosing their readers with horse pills of mis- cellaneous erudition. The pattern had been set by S. S. Van Dine, who peppered the old cops-and-corpses for- mula with quaint learn- ing. Readers who de- sired only an honest bath in blood found themselves wallowing o 0 0 In ceramIcs, mosaIcs, sphragistlcs, metaphys- ics, and other matters totally unrelated to who croaked Cock Robin. Van Dine's stories were good in spite of their dogged informative- ness. His popularity produced imitators, and manslaughter was "- largely taken over by twittering dilettantes. You could hardly read a crime story without being briefed on what gave in 1066 and which came first, the Greeks or the Romans. The average mystery wnter disregarded the sage words of Uriah Heep, h ' d " I ' w 0 saI, won t pro- voke my betters with knowledge." Then a reaction set in. Stout and many others rebelled against uncalled-for culture. It was during this trying period that Stout was sud- denly stung to the quick by the gra- tuitous information about corn. He couldn't bear the man's wanton Instruc- tiveness. He felt absolutely driven to con tradict him and to fight the issue to the last ditch of prevarication. In desperation, he finally bet a hundred dollars that he could furnish ears of corn with an odd number of rows of kernels. The argument took place in. the winter. Stout was allowed a rea- sonable time to search for evidence. He seemed face to face with certain de- 27 feat, but he couldn't let down his cru- sade against unsolicited information. He hrooded and meditated. One spring morning, he took a safety-razor blade and slipped out to his corn patch. Peel- ing back the husks from an ear that was about the size of his middle finger, he removed a row of kernels and care- fully replaced the husks. He repeated this on a hundred other ears. At harvest- time, he found that the operation had been a success in a dozen instances. He mailed four perfect eleven-row ears to the corn-belt man, who immediately sent his check for a hundred dollars Stout returned it, saying that he wouldn't collect a bet on a sure thing. Nero 4\
Arnie Kantrowitz is a writer, educator, and gay activist who was integrally involved in several gay activist groups in the 1970s and 1980s including the Gay Activists Alliance, the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, and the Christopher Street Liberation Day Committee. The Arnie Kantrowitz papers date from 1951 to 2008 and contain personal papers and organizational records chiefly reflecting Kantrowitz's activities as a writer, gay rights activist, and English professor. The collection consists of correspondence from friends, fellow writers, and readers; diaries and notebooks; records concerning his involvement in various gay rights organizations; files relating to his teaching career at the College of Staten Island; notes, drafts and manuscripts of his published and unpublished writing; sound and video recordings; and personal memorabilia.
Arnie Kantrowitz, writer, gay rights activist, and retired professor of English at the College of Staten Island, City University of New York, was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1940. Having received a bachelor's degree from Rutgers in 1961 and a master's degree from New York University in 1963, he taught English at State University College at Cortland (New York) before accepting a position in the English Department at Staten Island Community College (now The College of Staten Island, City University of New York) in 1965.
After many years of struggle with his homosexuality, including psychotherapy and two suicide attempts, Kantrowitz came out in 1970 and quickly became active in the gay liberation movement in New York City. He joined the recently established Gay Activists Alliance (GAA), served as its secretary and, later, its vice-president. In addition to participating in GAA's non-violent protest "zaps," and speaking out for gay rights on national television, Kantrowitz also put his writing talent at the service of the movement. He contributed first to GAA's newsletter Gay Activist and then several other gay publications. By 1975 he had become a popular regular contributor to the Advocate and Christopher Street. Kantrowitz became known to an even wider audience when his autobiography, Under the Rainbow: Growing Up Gay, was published by William Morrow and Co. in 1977. A new edition of Under the Rainbow: Growing Up Gay with expanded foreword and afterword sections was published by St. Martin's Press in 1996.
Kantrowitz was an activist in the classroom for over thirty years. In order to present a positive role-model for gay students and increase the understanding of gay men and lesbians among all students, he made it a policy to formally discuss his homosexuality in each of his classes, and to invite responses from the students. He was also among the first to teach undergraduate courses on gay and lesbian themes in the early 1970s, beginning with his "Homosexuals in Literature" course in 1972.
In 1985 Kantrowitz became a founding member and officer of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD), an organization devoted to advancing fair and accurate portrayals of gay men and lesbians in the media. He continued to write frequently about the gay experience for the gay and popular press, and his essays have been widely anthologized, including in Personal Dispatches: Writers Respond to AIDS, 1990; Hometowns, 1991, Leatherfolk: Radical Sex, People, Politics, and Practice, 1991; A Member of the Family: Gay Men Write About Their Families, 1992; Friends and Lovers: Gay Men Write About the Families They Create, 1995; and Gay and Lesbian Literary Heritage, 1995. He is also the author of Walt Whitman, a biography of the American poet written for the Chelsea House series Lives of Notable Gay Men and Lesbians.
Kantrowitz remained active in lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community causes in the 1990s and 2000s, frequently serving as a juror for the New York Lesbian and Gay Film Festival, attending LGBT fundraising events, and serving as Grand Marshall of the Staten Island Pride Parade in 2008.
Kantrowitz currently (2015) lives in New York City with his life partner, fellow writer and activist Lawrence D. Mass, MD, and has retired as associate professor of English at The College of Staten Island.
The Arnie Kantrowitz papers, which date from 1951 to 2008, contain correspondence; diaries; professional and organizational files; published and unpublished writings; and audio and videocassettes documenting his career as a writer, teacher, and gay activist. Much of the collection is composed of notes, drafts, and various states of his published and unpublished writing, including student essays, poetry, drafts of a novel about and biographies of Walt Whitman, as well as copies of his published essays on aspects of the gay experience, and his two full-length works, a biography of Walt Whitman and his autobiography, Under the Rainbow.
Gay activism is documented in records he kept as an officer and/or member of the Gay Activists Alliance, Gay Academic Union, Christopher Street Liberation Day Committee and the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, as well as sound and video recordings of his public appearances and GAA "zaps," notebook and diary entries, buttons, and in clippings of interviews, news stories, and announcements of his public appearances. His later efforts on behalf of gay rights are also documented by the many letters to the editor written in response to news stories and public statements about gays.
Kantrowitz's teaching career is well represented in the Professional and organizational files series. Students' responses to his classroom activism and course materials documenting Kantrowitz's inclusion of gay and lesbian themes within his curricula beginning in the early 1970s, are included in the teaching files.
The correspondence in the collection, chiefly incoming letters, highlights his friendships and collegial relations with fellow writers and former students. Included are letters from such prominent gay and lesbian literary figures as John Preston, George Heymont, Douglas Sadownick, Rita Mae Brown, and most notably, his close friend, Vito Russo. There are also numerous letters from his readers among the general public expressing their appreciation for his work, and relating details of their own lives and struggles as gay people.
The collection also contains numerous day planners, pocket notebooks, travel diaries, a few photographs, sketches, and personal memorabilia such as cards from his life partner Lawrence Mass and documents of his friends Vito Russo and Jim Owles.
The correspondence series contains letters written and received by Kantrowitz during the years 1964-2008. Among his correspondents are friends, lovers, family, fellow writers, gay activists, teaching colleagues, students, and members of the general public who sent him their reactions to his work. Most correspondence prior to 1995 is arranged chronologically. Later correspondence is arranged by subject or the correspondent’s name.
The general correspondence consists of letters Kantrowitz received and about a half dozen of his replies. The letters from friends relate details of their lives and relationships, including discussions of pride parades, gay writing, bashing incidents, and in the 1980s and early 1990s, the loss of friends to AIDS. Writers discuss their work and the difficulties involved in writing and finding publishers. Of particular note is the folder of letters from Kantrowitz's closest friend, the film historian and gay activist Vito Russo. The letters, 1972-1988, relate his activities, comment on the gay scene in New York City, Washington, DC, San Francisco, and London, and discuss films and theater. The letters are full of intimate detail, humor, and eventually sorrow and rage at the AIDS epidemic and the illness of his lover. Correspondence about Russo following his death and letters from Vito’s mother, Annie Russo, are also included. There is one file of Kantrowitz’s letters to his father Morris Kantrowitz, dated 1973 to 1985. Other correspondents in this series include Daniel Bar-David, Pat Califia, David Doyle, Arthur Evans, Adrienne Gilde, George Heymont, Duff Kreitzberg, Herb Liebman, Lawrence Mass, Douglas Sadownick, Bob Tavani, and Randy Wicker.
The correspondence regarding Kantrowitz's writing contains responses of friends, fellow writers, and many members of the general public to his writing, particularly his essays in the Advocate, his memoir Under the Rainbow, and his Walt Whitman projects. In addition, there is correspondence regarding the publication and editing of his work, including efforts to have Under the Rainbow published and reprinted, and correspondence with John Preston and Advocate staff members, Boyd McDonald, Robert McQueen, and Mark Thompson about the publication of his essays as well as their comments on his work.
Among the letters are expressions of gratitude from many readers telling how moved they were by his work and inspired by his example as a man with an open and positive gay identity. Kantrowitz seems to have responded to most of these letters (although the responses are not in the collection) provoking additional letters in which the individuals relate their own struggles to come out and their views on gay issues. This section also includes letters of numerous gay writers and activists, which range from simple congratulations to extended discussions of issues of importance to the gay community. Included is an exchange of letters with Arthur Evans in 1988 regarding Kantrowitz's review of Evans' book The God of Ecstasy. Other prominent correspondents include Rita Mae Brown, Pat Califia, Louie Crew, Daniel Bar-David, Bette Davis, Lenny Giteck, George Heymont, Toby Marotta, John Preston, Michael Rumaker, Charles Shively, Donald Vining and Randy Wicker.
Public Statements, 1964-2003, include letters to the press and politicians expressing his opinions on current events. The earliest letters are written to the editors of the student newspapers at the State University College at Cortland and Staten Island Community College regarding teaching and university affairs in the 1960s. Letters from the 1970s on are written chiefly to editors of gay and general interest publications regarding stories touching on homosexuality and gay rights, especially responses and corrections to unfair, inaccurate or incomplete portrayals.The files contain clippings of his letters and the articles that provoked his responses as well as typescripts of his remarks, which were not published. The letters from 1985-1987 include those he wrote as secretary of GLAAD and letters that he, Darrel Yates Rist, Vito Russo, and the board of GLAAD wrote in response to a story which appeared in the Philadelphia Gay News about internal strife among GLAAD board members.
A file of letters from students, 1993 to 2008, largely conveys appreciation for the care and tutelage provided to them by Kantrowitz as an English professor at the College of Staten Island. Ongoing correspondence developed between numerous students and Kantrowitz, lasting well beyond their courses with him and their graduations.
This series contains documents relating to Kantrowitz's activities as a professor of English at the College of Staten Island, as a writer, and as a gay rights activist. The professional materials include publishing correspondence and contracts, 1982-2001; teaching files, 1970-2008; and files documenting Kantrowitz’s involvement with the National Writers Union.
The teaching materials chiefly concern courses he taught (boxes 38 and 39) and his applications for promotion (boxes 41 and 45). Included are curriculum vitae, faculty evaluation reports, committee involvement, conference attendance, grant applications and proposals. A file of letters from students, 1971-1992, found in box 7, contains responses to Kantrowitz's open discussion of his homosexuality in his classes and in presentations to other classes.
The organizational materials include files he kept as an officer of the Gay Activists Alliance (GAA), Christopher Street Liberation Day Committee and the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation, and as a panelist at the Gay Academic Union 1974 annual meeting. GAA records include carbon copies of meeting minutes, May-December 1970, and executive committee minutes, September-December, 1970 as well as correspondence, notes, flyers, newsletters, name and address lists and other documents concerning the planning of the GAA 25th reunion in 1994.
The Gay Academic Union materials relate to the 1974 annual meeting keynote session panel on gay and lesbian separatism, including Kantrowitz's notes for his talk, his response to a call for conference papers, two letters from George Whitmore of the Program Committee, and a copy of the conference program.
The records of the Christopher Street Liberation Day Committee, which later became Heritage of Pride, concern the plans for the 1976 Gay Pride parade in New York City. Included are copies of Kantrowitz's correspondence as secretary, holograph meeting notes, original typescripts and photocopies of Steering Committee minutes and attachments, attendance sheets, and related documents submitted to the Committee.
Kantrowitz was a founder of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (originally the Gay and Lesbian Anti-Defamation League) and acted as secretary and member of the Steering Committee. His files, November 1985-June 1986, contain photocopies of Executive and Steering Committee minutes, articles of incorporation, by-laws, and copies of treasurer's reports.
A file on the New York Lesbian and Gay Film Festival, 1992-2005, documents Kantrowitz’s frequent service as a juror in the festival.
This series contains seventy-eight notebooks and diaries, including forty-three spiral bound pocket memo books, one typescript covering the 1960s to 1986, and thirty-five day planner diaries covering 1971 to 2005.
The notebooks, found in boxes 9 and 10, contain a wide variety of material including lists, addresses and phone numbers, poetry, notes for essays and novels, random reflections on life, teaching, the passing scene, notes from a Gay Male S/M Activists meeting, descriptions of a mescaline trip, and a night at the Continental Baths. The content varies from book to book, from single lines to extended essays. Of particular note are three lengthy travel journals written in 1972 when Kantrowitz traveled to Europe and across the United States.
Kantrowitz also kept extremely consistent daily dairies, briefly noting at least a few words for nearly every day of his life from 1971 until 2005. These day planner diaries, which are found in boxes 42 through 44, record aspects of the author’s activist, professional and social activities. Details include protest events, short notes for his classes, travel plans and notes, who he voted for on election days, which films he was seeing, who he was dating, and friends he was having dinner with or caring for during the AIDS crisis. These day planners may have been helpful to the author in reconstructing specific events for Under the Rainbow and other autobiographical writings.
The European journals (2 vols.) contain his impressions as a tourist in Paris, London, Amsterdam, Vienna, Italy, and Greece as well as remarks on the gay bars and night life, and comparison of social attitudes with those prevalent in the United States. There are also meditations on his feelings of loneliness and varying degrees of self-consciousness as an American, a tourist, a gay man, and a Jew.
The journal documenting his transcontinental trip with his close friend and former GAA president Jim Owles describes visits to Chicago, Madison, Minneapolis, Billings, Seattle, Vancouver, Portland, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Denver. Kantrowitz met with members of other gay organizations in nearly all of those cities and set down his reflections on the prevailing state of gay liberation and activism or social repression in those locales. He also describes the bar scene, gay and/or "hip" nightlife and his own sexual activities. The journal contains his thoughts on GAA and its failings, the Metropolitan Community Church, political action and the counter-culture, natural food, and varying modes of dress and personal expression. Much of the journal is devoted to discussion of his spiritual journey to discover an ideal life and love through which he could express his true identity, and ends with his ultimate disillusion and return to New York City.
This series contains copies of Kantrowitz's writing in all genres from his student years through the 2000s. Included are college and graduate school examinations and papers, pieces written for the college newspaper, extensive files of poetry, public service announcements and advertising copy written for WNEW-TV, theater reviews for Show Business, and notes for speeches as well as drafts, typescripts, and published copies of his better-known essays and his two full-length published works, his autobiography, Under the Rainbow, and a Walt Whitman biography. Files in this series are arranged by subject or title.
Files containing notes, drafts, proofs, and typescripts of the 1970s and the 1996 editions of Kantrowitz’s autobiography, Under the Rainbow: Growing Up Gay can be found in boxes 20 through 22 and in box 49. Files in box 49 document revisions, additions and expansions to chapters, in memoriam, foreword, and afterword sections.
Files on Kantrowitz’s various projects pertaining to Walt Whitman are included in this series. Many notes, drafts, and revisions for an unpublished novel inspired by Walt Whitman, The Poet of the Body (also called Song of Myself), can be found in boxes 23 through 27 and box 50. Typescripts and notes pertaining to Walt Whitman, a biography written for the Lives of Notable Gay Men and Lesbians Series (published by Chelsea House) can be found in box 50 as can documents relating to an encyclopedia entry on Whitman written by Kantrowitz.
The series also contains issues of Gotham, a short-lived magazine for which Kantrowitz acted as managing editor, and a few typescripts and photocopies of scholarly articles, and other writing not by Kantrowitz but sent to him by the authors. Also included is an unpublished collection of his essays, Stonewall's Children.
The personal papers series contain clippings, ephemera, photographs, sketches, greeting cards and artifacts saved by Kantrowitz. Included are press clippings and other printed material about Kantrowitz or in which he is mentioned; cards from his life partner Larry Mass; documents and memorabilia of his two closest friends, Vito Russo and Jim Owles; clippings and notes about Cary Yurman, a friend who set off a bomb in Sir Harry's bar in the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; and a box of gay liberation movement buttons.
Files on Vito Russo are found in boxes 32 and 51 and tube 1 and include copies of Russo’s published essays and interviews, excerpts and transcripts of selected passages from Russo’s journals, and posters of film events Russo hosted.
Kantrowitz also collected fliers, mailings, and calendars from private sex clubs devoted to gay sadomasochism, the leather scene, and bear subculture, which can be found in box 52.
This series contains sound and video recordings documenting public appearances or interviews with Kantrowitz, 1971-1994; activities of the Gay Activists Alliance; the creation of the Hetrick-Martin Institute's Harvey Milk School; memorials for Vito Russo and Jim Owles; and twelve segments from Our Time, a series focusing on the gay community, written and produced by Vito Russo, which aired on WNYC-TV in 1983.
Compiled by Melanie A. Yolles in 1997. Additional materials were processed and integrated into the collection by Heather Halliday in 2015.
A few incoming letters have been closed until 2056 to protect the privacy of the correspondent. These items have been replaced by photocopies of the original letters with the correspondent's name removed.
Rights © 2013 by the University of Houston-Downtown. Contact the University Archives for more information.
What’s up good people?! Itsashort.com is hitting you with the movie and short film news you need for your life. This week, though, we have to pay tribute to Prince Rogers Nelson, who died last week at…
Callers to a suicide prevention center concerned about high risk men were randomly invited to participate in one of four programs: Information Session, Information Session with Telephone Follow-up, Rapid Referral to mental health and abuse programs, or Telephone Support. Comparison of pre-test, 2 month post-test and 6 months follow-up with 131 participants found that after third party participation, the third party participant reported that the suicidal men had significantly less suicidal ideation, fewer suicide attempts, and less depressive symptoms. Family and friends had less psychological distress, used more positive coping mechanisms, and reported their communication with the suicidal man was more helpful. The Telephone Support was considered the most useful program.
A healthy veggie wrap made with our Roti makes for a powerful lunch that will keep you satisfied. ...
“Dedication to quality” – best describes our commitment to creating and baking fine goods. Our range of world class products - delectable
cookies, luscious cakes, flat-breads and exotic savories – is all the delicious proof you will ever need to believe that promise.
Popularly known by our brand name ‘Crispy’, each product that rolls out of our two ‘SQF’ certified facilities (in Toronto, Ontario), carries the stamp of strict
adherence to international quality, as well as the love and loyalty of Crispy lovers around the world.
Two-storey "royal" penthouse with a private pool on the roof is suitable for those who are close to the apartment and want privacy. This offer is in a famous complex in the area of Kamala Beach. Not the first year he pleases our guests. Absolutely all the families who stayed there, left happy with the accommodation and helpful staff. The terrace by the pool offers a stunning view! The complex has: - Free parking - Two common pools - Gym - A restaurant - 24-hour security monitors your security. * The Bass shuttle runs to the beach and the Big C supermarket.
Two-storey "royal" penthouse with a private pool on the roof is suitable for those who are close to the apartment and want privacy.
This offer is in a famous complex in the area of Kamala Beach. Not the first year he pleases our guests. Absolutely all the families who stayed there, left happy with the accommodation and helpful staff. The terrace by the pool offers a stunning view!
If you would like to pay please make sure that you have spoken to a member of ACM and all details are correct.
We keep our prices for bouncy castles, disco and karaoke at a competitive rate all year round and are inclusive of local delivery, setup and collection. Prices will vary depending on length of the booking, venue and location. All inflatables are unmanned. There is a ￡20 per hour charge for each unit to be manned. All units come with an electric fan so electrical sockets are needed. Petrol fans and generators may be hired at an additional cost. If we leave the bouncy castle overnight, we collect before 10am the following morning at a further cost of ￡20 (local deliveries only – overnight delivery outside our local catchment area will inccur additional costs – call us for details).
All rights reserved by Acme Surgical Industries Pvt Ltd.Copyrights © 2014 Developed By: Acme Surgical IT Department
I'm an award-winning suspense novelist, but in my free time I love to review books and my fave TV show Hawaii Five-O, as well as pass along great book deals, and eat Canadian chocolate---not necessarily in that order.
The first one is a regency romance, Miss Braithwaite's Secret, by GG Vandagriff. I enjoyed Caroline's story and thought this was a page-turner! You can see my full review of it here
When Miss Caroline Braithwaite, the “Incomparable,” leaves London in the middle of the Season, she confides her reason in no one, not even her closest friend. Her sizable court of gentlemen mourn, but no one can tempt her into Society again.
Living reclusively in the country, she finally deigns to accept an invitation to her friend’s county house party. Then the Duke of Northcott arrives, fresh from a broken engagement, and none too happy to see her. Caro tries desperately to make her excuses and leave, but then her pride intervenes. Such behavior may reveal her fierce attraction toward him and the fact that it is he who has broken her heart. Deception is at hand in the form of another gentleman who is more than a little interested in her, and looks like he may not take no for an answer.
This delicious romance will carry you back to the Regency period in English history, where manners were dictated by strict rules of fashion. It is the Jane Austen era, populated by gentlemen and ladies of leisure. These books are best enjoyed with a box of chocolates, and are guaranteed to enliven any boredom (ennui) that you may be experiencing!
The second freebie for today is a fun culinary mystery from Heather Justesen called Brownies and Betrayal. This one had a lot of good twists and turns and is the start of a series. You can see my review of it here
Pastry chef Tess Crawford thought moving from Chicago to quiet Silver Springs, Arizona would simplify her life. That was before she found the body of a woman with whom she had traded heated words the previous night, left her fingerprints on the murder weapon, and came under attack for trying to clear her name. When her cheating ex-fiance shows up, intent on convincing her to come back to work for him, Tess—armed with an extra batch of éclairs—decides to take control and solve the mystery herself, with the help of friends and frenemies alike.
But will that be enough to save her when she gets too close and the killer decides it’s safer to get her out of the way?
There was an article put out recently called Twelve Ways to Live Like A Navy SEAL. They review the traits of warriors and talk about things like being confident, disciplined, vigilant, and loyal. But the article goes on to talk about things you can do to live like a warrior.
"Find something you're afraid of and go do it." I have several things I'm afraid of, one of them being heights, so tomorrow, I'm going to take a ski lift and go tubing in the snow. It makes me nervous just typing that! But I'm going to do it.
"Start establishing routines and habits in everything you do. We are what we repeatedly do." Sometimes routines are hard when you have a large family, but I have been working on nailing down a base set of routines to give more structure to balancing my writing life with my home life and making sure everyone in the family knows what to expect.
"Write down your goals and core values. If you don't have a map for your life, how will you get where you want to go?" I honestly don't think I've ever written down my core values, the things that mean the most to me and what I would fight for. I also want to make a map for the direction I expect my life to go in. Not to be too tightly controlled, but just my thoughts and ideas, goals and dreams for the next five to ten years.
The article had several other things that made me stop and think. Since I write about SEALs and greatly admire the military people I've come in contact with, this sort of list fascinates me. I think I'm definitely going to take a few of these to heart. Maybe I really can live like a Navy SEAL. Or not. But I can always write about it . . .
I am so happy to say that I accomplished all my goals! My press kit is updated! I wrote a chapter! And I'm part of the Loving the Book Launch Valentine's Day Blog Tour Blitz! This is a fun way to meet twelve authors of clean romance leading up to Valentine's Day. (Consider yourself invited to the party! You can go here to see the Facebook page that features the participating authors and the books that are being highlighted.) This is going to be fun!
My book cover for The Captive made it through the Best Genre Cover rounds from last week (thanks to everyone who voted!) and is now in the Best Overall Cover finals! Yay! And now it's all up to this last round of voters to pick the winner.
If you'd like to see all the great covers in this final round (there are some good ones, if I do say so myself!) and vote for your favorite (yes, I'm biased as to *my* favorite, haha!) just go here! Isn't choosing from great book covers fun?
Also, the Goodreads Giveaway is nearly over where you (anyone in the continental U.S. or Canada!) can enter to win your own autographed print copy of The Captive. You can enter here
I really enjoyed Nancy Campbell Allen's new regency romance, My Fair Gentleman. The Proper Romance line offerings put out by Shadow Mountain are quickly becoming my auto-buy books!
In this one we meet Jack Eliot, a first mate about to captain his own ship, who is called to his dying grandfather's bedside. The earl wants Jack to accept the earldom, but since he had disinherited Jack's father and left the family destitute, Jack has a lot of anger toward the man. He wants to tell him what he can do with the earldom, but must think of his mother and sister and their circumstances. He accepts his grandfather's terms for their sakes and must try to make a good impression on the ton so they will be accepted and have opportunities for a better life.
Ivy Carlisle's grandmother asks her to help the Eliot family ease their way into society. She is everything good and proper and accepts the challenge to help Jack learn societal rules and social mores so he can be accepted as the new earl. Their first meetings and Jack's reactions are funny and I could totally envision them. Ivy is drawn to Jack, against her better judgment, but she can see that underneath his rough exterior is a man with a good heart.
I loved the scenes between Jack and Ivy. I laughed at the witty dialogue and sighed as they started to realize their feelings for each other. There was a bit of intrigue as well when the new earl's life is endangered and they try to sort out who the culprit is. Jack was the consummate hero, a strong will, but with a soft spot for the women in his life. The reader can't help but love him and want him to have all the love he's been denied for so long. Ivy is just as relatable, trying to keep her world ordered and predictable. Bringing out more of her true self was definitely fun for Jack and for the reader to see. I also enjoyed the secondary characters, especially the grandmother, Sophia, Pug, and Millie. They really added to the main story and I hope we see a future story or two featuring them!
Jack Eliot dreams of being the captain of his own ship. But then his grandfather, the Earl of Stansworth, names Jack as his heir — with a caveat. Jack must impress the aristocracy, or else his mother and sister will remain in poverty. Can a rough-and-tumble captain be transformed into a gentleman of society?
Ivy Carlisle is willing to try. Employed as his tutor, she begins teaching Jack the ways of high society, but she quickly discovers that this dashing sailor is brash and bold, opinionated and passionate. If she's not careful, Jack might end up teaching her a thing or two about romance.
Sparks fly when the sailor meets society, and Jack soon learns that his challenge isn't surviving the ton, but surviving the conspiracies against him — as well as keeping himself from falling madly in love with his new tutor.
Today's Friday Freebie is Chasing Charlie: A Romantic Comedy by USA Today Bestselling author Kathy Carmichael. It looks fun and I could use a comedy to curl up with after the stressful week I've had!
The Texas Two-Step romantic comedy series is a reader favorite. All of the stories in the series are sweet, charming and emotional contemporary romance. Each story in the series stands alone, but all Texas Two-Step novels and novellas feature love stories about members of the Nelson, Murphy or Palmer families -- and sometimes, more than one!
Raised in a family of rodeo champions on a South Texas cattle ranch, Charlie wants only one thing: to avoid thrill-seeking cowboys.
Davis Murphy, cowboy wannabe and one of Dallas's most eligible bachelors, needs a pretty and witty faux fiancée so his widowed mother will marry her longtime gentleman friend. Charlie, his local librarian, seems the prefect choice.
Charlie's first reaction is to run, but she's promised herself to step out of her plain-jane routine. When Charlie accepts, Davis's plan is set. But now Charlie's sweet ways are challenging his bachelor heart.
Chasing Charlie is the first sweet romance in the Texas Two-Step contemporary romance series from USA Today bestselling author Kathy Carmichael.
I'm so excited for my friend Sariah Wilson. Her book, Royal Date, was set in Monterra, a fictional country and kingdom, and she was chosen to be part of Kindle Worlds, where other authors can write novellas in her Monterra world (like fanfiction.) It's so fun and such a cool thing! I read two of the novellas in her Royals of Monterra Kindle World and they were awesome! Go check out this awesome world and all the novellas that are part of it by clicking here. I know I'll be reading these for days!
This was such a sweet romance! I loved the historical setting of Monterra and could totally imagine it in my mind's eye with the castle and the surrounding countryside. Our heroine, Sofia, is a renowned craftswoman from the country and is called to the palace to help the tailors and seamstresses get ready for the royal wedding. Once she's arrived, though, Sofia is immediately drawn to Antonio, the head tailor to the royals. Their lives could not be more different, but opposites attract, and Sofia and Antonio definitely embody that. Antonio was the hero every girl dreams of. Strong and yet vulnerable, serious and yet sigh-worthy. Sofia was his match in every way and more, smart, sweet, and daring, especially when they uncover a traitor's plot to plunge Monterra into war. So good!
Both the romance and the intrigue were well-balanced and well-written, and kept me turning pages. A great addition to the Royals Kindle World!
Sofia’s mother desperately needs medicine, and Sofia will do anything to get it—including working for a month at the royal palace, where she'll knit silk stockings from sunup to sundown. Yet if she can do it, Sofia will have the ability to get the medicine her mother needs, with money to spare.
But Sofia’s safe world of knitting needles and thread is turned upside down when she finds herself in the middle of palace intrigue. Head tailor Antonio and Sofia uncover a plot to sabotage the royal wedding and plunge Monterra into war. As they work together to save their country, she can’t help falling in love with the unassuming and attractive head tailor, even though she knows she can’t have him. Her country and her family need her. As they race to stop the traitor, the battle in her heart intensifies, and she fears that the victor won’t be love.
This one was really good as well! It was a contemporary romance where Amelia has come to Monterra to try to meet her long-lost sister and ends up meeting Davide. She is attracted to him, and they start to act on their feelings, but he's keeping a secret about who he really is, just as she doesn't mention who her sister really is. The romance is so good that I was flipping pages as fast as I could to see if they could survive the secrets coming out. Ms. Branton has written three-dimensional characters that were realistic and fun, with a hero and heroine you can't help but cheer on to a happy ending. I really enjoyed this one.
Going undercover as a maid at the Lodge Royal in an attempt to meet her half sister, Katerina, isn’t one of Amelia Lennox’s best ideas. Kat has no idea of Amelia’s existence, and her recent marriage to Nico, the new King of Monterra, puts her further out of Amelia’s reach. Even if Amelia finds Kat, there’s no guarantee the queen will believe her—or that she wants a sister.
To complicate matters, Amelia meets Davide Ciano, who steals her breath away and makes her knees weak. She’s never believed in the kind of fairy tale that her sister found, but then she’s never known anyone like Davide. Maybe, if their secrets don’t keep them apart, she might begin to believe.
Royal Quest is the story of how two sisters find each other, and about love—true love. Because in Monterra, fairy tales do come true.
I also have to recommend the book that started it all, Royal Date by Sariah Wilson. It was one of my favorite books I read last year and I know you'll enjoy entering the world of Monterra with all its variety. Well, if you love romance anyway.
Kat MacTaggart is a girl who has a plan for everything—including her holiday ski trip to Monterra with her best friend. Everything is going according to plan until she finds herself careening out of control down a mountainside and being rescued by a guy who looks like Superman’s hotter Italian cousin.
HRH Prince Nico is intrigued by the woman he saved on the slopes and her refusal to date him. He offers Kat a deal—let him show her his country and he’ll pay her to write articles that will help Monterra’s tourism industry. Kat agrees, but given her past and lingering distrust of men, she has one condition—absolutely no kissing.
Thanks to the claims of a jealous British noblewoman and the schemes of a meddling paparazzo, Kat’s rule doesn’t seem to be a problem at first. But the more Kat gets to know Nico and the people around him, the harder it is to remember her keep-your-distance plan. Should she stick to it or risk everything for a chance at happily ever after?
So, since I was sick or taking care of sick children all last week, I only got half my writing goals done. I will be working on the same ones again this week, so not much has changed on the goal front. I'm hoping for better progress next week!
There was, however, something fun for readers that popped up today! You can vote for your favorite Romantic Suspense Book Cover for 2015! (Mine is there, of course, but you can vote for which one you love best. No pressure. *grin*)
Well, I just got the news yesterday that Castle will not actually be coming back Feb. 1st, it's coming back Feb. 8th.
It's been a really long hiatus already. But the worst part is the head people were teasing a whole lot of stuff for it's return and none of it sounded that interesting to me. Do they even hear the fans, see the ratings, or know how terrible this season has been so far? Are they trying to get Castle cancelled? *deep sigh*
Why do new show-runners have to kill everything good about a show and make it a shell of what it used to be?
So, I think I am going to have a pity party. With ice cream. Because sickness and someone putting a whole bunch of terrible storylines on your favorite TV show deserves really good ice cream and lots of it. Care to join me?
I'm excited to be part of the blog tour for Ranee Clark's new book, Double Play. This is the first book of hers that I've read and I really enjoyed it!
Sophie Pope is the classic vain and shallow girl who doesn't mind being eye candy on some guy's arm. She has her sights set on her on-again/off-again boyfriend, football star Anthony Rogers and even though he's engaged, she's going to prove to him that he'll always come back to her---until his best friend David keeps running interference. The more she gets to know David, however, the more she realizes that she might have been overlooking someone wonderful who'd been right in front of her for two years. But can he see the real woman behind her beautiful clothes and perfect smile?
David was such a sweet and unassuming hero. I really liked his character. He had some big decisions to make in his life and he was realistic and torn. It was fun to see his interactions with Sophie grow from being mere annoyances to surprise that it could be something more. It pretty much went along with how the audience felt about her, I think.
The author did a great job writing three-dimensional characters and having them experience growth throughout the book, especially in Sophie's case. I liked that there was more to her than met the eye. And David was a sigh-worthy hero with realistic flaws and his interactions with Sophie kept me turning pages. I hadn't read the first book in the series, though, and I wish I had because I think some of the situations and secondary characters' actions would have made more sense to me. It did work as a stand alone, but now I want to read the first and have the full experience! It was a fun college-aged romance, that will make you think about clothes and love in a whole new way! (And I thought the cover was particularly well done. Kudos to the cover designer.)
Sophie Pope is devastated when she hears the news: her former boyfriend, college football star Anthony “Rocket” Rogers, is engaged to be married. Determined to win him back before he says “I do,” Sophie hatches a foolproof plan to stop the wedding. But when Rocket’s best man, aspiring baseball player David Savage, thwarts her plot, she realizes the game is up. For David, though, it’s just beginning . . .
David knows that Sophie is just another pretty face, and he’s more than happy to save his best friend from her shallow advances. She’s not his type at all, so he’s baffled by his response to an awkward encounter with Donovan, another of Sophie’s former flames. Despite himself, David feels driven by an inexplicable need to protect her. Pretending to be Sophie’s new fiancé leads to unexpected sparks between the pair, and soon they’re searching for excuses to spend time together. But when a curveball threatens to send them in opposite directions, will Sophie and David step up to the plate for the possibility of true love?
Today's Friday Freebie is a fun coming of age story by Mikey Brooks called The Dream Keeper (Dream Keeper Chronicles Book 1). If your young reader got a Kindle for Christmas, this would be a fun download for them!
When an evil shifter takes over the gateway to the realm of Dreams, it falls to 14-year-olds Parker and Kaelyn to stop him. Their only hope lies with Gladamyr, the Dream Keeper, but can they trust a Nightmare to save their world?
"The Dream Keeper is a fun, fantastic ride through both Dream and Nightmare. Brooks has written a book that can be enjoyed by young and old alike. Bravo!"—Michaelbrent Collings, bestselling author of The Billy Saga and Hooked: A True Faerie Tale.
I was so excited to see that Meridian Magazine reviewed my new novel, The Captive! My favorite part of the review was, ""This is a story that reads like today's headlines . . . The plot is strong and dynamic. Readers won't want to set this one down." Hooray! You can see the entire review here
And have you entered the giveaway to win a paperback copy of my new book? Just click the link at the top of the sidebar and it could be yours!
Today, I also wanted to review the new movie, Just Let Go, that stars Henry Ian Cusick. It's a true story of a man named Chris Williams who was driving to get ice cream with his pregnant wife and kids, when a drunk driver slammed into them, killing his wife, their unborn child, and two of his children. The movie is about the aftermath and what Mr. Williams and his family experience as they struggle to do what's right instead of what's expected.
This movie evoked a lot of discussion in my house. (It is rated PG-13 for the accident images and themes so I watched it with my older kids.) In the movie, the drunk who hit them is seventeen, but only a couple of months away from turning eighteen. If he is tried as an adult, he could be put away for thirty years. If he is tried as a juvenile, he would be out in three years and his record expunged. So, Chris is struggling to know what is best. He's lost so much. His son that survived has critical injuries, he is overwhelmed with grief but trying to keep it together, and medical bills just keep piling on. How this man keeps going is a miracle in itself. But what is merciful for the young man that hit them? How far does justice have to go to be satisfied?
The meat of the story is can someone whose life has been destroyed truly forgive and see the person who hurt them so deeply from another perspective? Do you bow to society's standards that demand the maximum punishment, then suing the other family for ever penny they have? I was impressed with the real and difficult struggle we witnessed as Mr. Williams decides what's right for him.
I thought the movie was realistic and heart-wrenching, but there were light moments and inspiring moments as well. (The convenience store clerk stood out for me. "We're friends aren't we?" And there's a scene with Mr. Williams and his two surviving sons that was also really touching.) The film used a lot of flashbacks, which actually worked well and made it easier to showcase the complexity of the story while keeping it easy to follow. There was solid local talent in the movie, but Mr. Cusick shines in bringing the emotions and subtleties to the main character. There were also some religious references, but it was kept non-denominational and not overly preachy.
I don't know if I could emotionally survive if anything like this ever happened to me. I hope I never have to find out. But my heart was touched and I think this is a film that will stay with me for a long time.
Henry Ian Cusick, Emmy Nominee, as Chris Williams in the true story "Just Let Go". After surviving a drunk driving accident that killed his pregnant wife and two kids, Chris Williams struggles to 'just let go' and forgive the young man who caused it.
As we begin the New Year, this message of forgiveness is an important reminder, that forgiveness can bring peace to your soul. “It has allowed a terrible tragedy … to be turned into, in many aspects, a tremendous blessing. That has been one of the most fascinating things to experience,” Williams said in a interview with the Deseret News. “To see the lives blessed since the crash, it has been overwhelming how many positive things have come from it.”
My goal last week was to write the first chapter of The Captain and I did that and more! The first two chapters just poured out of me. Hopefully the entire book will be that easy!
It does help that I have a sprinting partner. We take an hour each week and just sprint. It's so motivating and it helps me draft. Getting it down is the main thing, right? The polishing and editing will come later. I'm excited for this story!
I also edited a novella for an author friend and as soon as her story comes out, I'll let you know. It was really good!
I am counting this as a very productive writing/editing week. I've started the new year off with a bang.
I'm reading a book right now and I'm right at the good part! There's only about 20% left and it's been a pretty good book up until this point with lots of plot lines that are intriguing. I can't wait to see how they're going to be resolved. However, with such a short amount of time left in the book, I'm starting to wonder if the author is going to be able to tie things up in a satisfying way.
I'm hoping for the best! And I REALLY hope it's not going to end earlier than that with a lame preview of another book. I want all 20% in tying up this story!
I'm so excited to be part of the blog tour for Karey White's newest book, Broken Things To Mend. It's part of the Power of the Matchmaker series that releases a new book every month, but can definitely be read as a stand-alone.
This book was tender and emotional. Two broken, yet brave people, are facing loneliness, loss, and just trying to get by. Celia is fleeing a painful past and with nowhere to go, she opens a map and when a stray tear falls on Sisters, Oregon, that's where she decides to try to start over. She doesn't quite make it to her destination, however, and watches her bus leave without her, but a Chinese woman steps in to help. (Our Chinese matchmaker, Pearl, is such a fun character. I loved her interactions in the story.) Celia is drawn to her, but afraid to make any connections with anyone after what she's already been through. Coming to Sisters, though, changes her in a way that is all at once wonderful and scary at the same time. Pearl, her Chinese guardian angel introduces her to Silas, a forest ranger that doesn't seem to be able to meet her eyes and doesn't stick around much whenever he meets up with her. Celia doesn't know what to make of him at first, but his quiet steadiness pulls at something in her and she starts to want to see more of who he really is.
Silas is the tall silent type. He's dealt with loss in his life, but his stutter compounds that so he puts up walls around himself so he doesn't have to deal with mocking and pity. He is wary of Celia at first, but when he sees how vulnerable she is, it draws all his protective instincts out. He begins to get past his unease and embarrassment about his stutter and thinks more of her and how to get to know her better. Their relationship builds into something more and it was so sigh-worthy sweet. Everything is going along well until her secrets trickle out and the reader just knows no one will ever be the same after that.
This book will draw on every emotion you have as a reader. You can't help but feel for Celia and all she's been through and want to root for her to have a happy ending. But she's facing a lot of painful decisions with no right answers. Silas is such a strong hero, but even he isn't sure how to best help her. I was up so late turning pages just to see how the book would end for them. The ending wasn't what I expected, but was good and solid and left me with a smile as I closed the book. This author has really outdone herself in giving the reader three dimensional characters and a setting that is beautiful and adds to the story, but it's the emotional decisions, right and wrong, that make this a standout. I highly recommend this one.
Celia is in desperate need of a change--a change of scenery, a change of pace, and a complete redo of all relationships. Not knowing what else to do, she opens a map, closes her eyes, and lets fate decide her future. Then she packs her meager belongings and buys a one-way ticket to a little town on the fringes of Oregon's Deschutes National Forest called Sisters. She's wanted a family for years. Will she find one in Sisters? What Celia doesn't plan to find is a strange Chinese woman whose meddling ways keep throwing her in the path of a handsome, but reserved, forest ranger. But no matter how kind or dependable Silas seems to be, there are some things in Celia's past that neither of them can escape, and this time, the damage might be too much to mend.
Karey White grew up in Utah, Idaho, Oregon, and Missouri. She attended Ricks College and Brigham Young University. Her first novel, Gifted, was a Whitney Award Finalist. She loves to travel, read, bake treats, and spend time with family and friends. She and her husband are the parents of four great children. She teaches summer creative writing courses to young people and is currently working on her next book.
Blog Tour Giveaway - $50 Amazon Gift Card or $50 in Paypal Cash Ends 2/2/16 Open only to those who can legally enter, receive and use an Amazon.com Gift Code or Paypal Cash. Winning Entry will be verified prior to prize being awarded. No purchase necessary. You must be 18 or older to enter or have your parent enter for you. The winner will be chosen by rafflecopter and announced here as well as emailed and will have 48 hours to respond or a new winner will be chosen. This giveaway is in no way associated with Facebook, Twitter, Rafflecopter or any other entity unless otherwise specified. The number of eligible entries received determines the odds of winning. Giveaway was organized by Kathy from I Am A Reader and sponsored by the author. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
Today's Friday Freebie is a hilarious fairy tale retelling by Janette Rallison called My Fairly Dangerous Grandmother, that has enough twists and surprises to keep you turning pages! You won't want to miss this one.
Some people bomb auditions. Sadie Ramirez throws up during hers. Her performance on America’s Top Talent is so bad it earns her a fairy godmother through the Magical Alliance's Pitiful Damsel Outreach Program. Enter Chrysanthemum Everstar: a cell-phone-carrying, high-heel-wearing fairy godmother in training who is every bit a teenage girl. She misinterprets Sadie's wishes and sends her back in time to be a part of The Little Mermaid story and then makes her one of the twelve dancing princesses. Wishes are permanent, and if Sadie wants to get back to her home, she'll have to strike a magical bargain—one that involves stealing a goblet from a powerful fairy queen. With a little help from a handsome and talented thief, she might be able to pull it off.
With romance, humor, and magic, My Fairly Dangerous Godmother is the sort of fairy tale that both teen girls and their mothers will love.
Ms. Rallison also has her teen comedy My Double Life for free right now. Load up your Kindles! Here's the back copy of that one:
Her whole life, Alexia Garcia has been told that she looks just like rock star Kari Kingsley. But being a famous person's doppelganger hasn't turned out to be the teen fantasy you'd expect. People look at Alexia like she must be as ditzy as her counterpart. One day when Alexia's photo filters through the Internet, she's offered a job as Kari's double. This would seem like the opportunity of a lifetime--or at least a way to make some fast cash--but Alexia's mother has always warned her against celebrities. They can't be trusted. They'll use her.
Alexia can't resist the siren call of fame. Who could say no to Hollywood, hot guys, and . . . um, did we mention hot guys already? She flies off to L.A. and gets immersed in a celebrity life. Not only does she have to get used to getting anything she wants, she also romances the hottest lead singer on the charts and finds out that her own father is a singing legend. Through it all, Alexia must stay true to herself, which is hard to do when you are pretending to be somebody else!
Someone wrote and told me that when they read my newest novel, The Captive, they imagined this woman as Mya:
If any of you have seen my Pinterest board, you know that I was imagining this woman when I wrote Mya's character:
So, kind of close! They are both beautiful women for sure and really capture the look I was going for in Mya. It was the eyes that drew me, really, and the strength in the face. Love that!
I don't know his name, but he was so close to how I imagined Jake. The only difference was Jake's eyes were blue.
Sometimes it's fun to refer to pictures when I'm writing to get the looks right for a character. Do you ever imagine certain actors or people as a character in a book? I do it all the time and not only for my own books!
(And if you want to see my Pinterest board for If My Books Were Movies I Would Cast you can see it here)
I had a hard time deciding which project to start first, so after a lot of thought, I've decided to go with working on The Captain. I've got it pretty much outlined (in a broad sense of the word) and this week I'd like to get the first chapter written. I've had so many ideas and scenes running through my head for this one, it might be a relief just to get started. Or it could be horrible! Just kidding, writing is never horrible. Well, unless I'm editing! Ha!
Anyway, I'm just concentrating on babysteps and setting my sights on something achievable each week.
I am a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this blog material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Julie Coulter Bellon and LDSWriterMom.blogspot.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
Sometimes I am given ARCs and free books in exchange for a review. This fact does not affect my opinion of the book.
Eddie is an alcoholic who has lost everything---his family, his job, and his home. He needs money for his addiction, but the only way to get it is to steal it. He plans the bank robbery, but in the ensuing chaos, he shoots a guard and kills him. Now on the run, he needs to ditch his car. A woman alone in a crowded parking lot catches his eye and he car-jacks her. Addison can hardly believe what's happening. She's supposed to be welcoming her military husband home, but instead she's taken hostage. With a few survival skills at her disposal, she tries to plan an escape, but her captor is becoming increasingly unstable. Her husband joins in the search for her, but is there any hope of finding her before it's too late?
I loved the fast pace of this book. It was a roller-coaster as Eddie sets the events into motion on the first page and the reader is along for the wild ride. The characters were realistic, with plenty of emotion that carries the reader right along with the characters. I thought our hero and heroine were really relatable and I was rooting for them the entire time. The twists and turns will keep you glued until the very last page, wondering how in the world this was going to end and hoping for a happy ending. This is a new author to me, and I'll definitely be watching for more from him.
Sometimes disaster is simply a matter of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Take Addison Roberts, for example: it is a deadly coincidence that in a crowded parking lot one day, she catches the eye of a dangerous criminal on the run. In his desperation to evade the police, what he needs is a way out—and Addison and her car are his ticket to escape.
Lieutenant Chase Roberts, on leave from his military assignment, is anxious to be reunited with his wife. Yet as night falls and Addison fails to appear, Chase feels a rising sense of foreboding. Hours quickly become days as he desperately works with authorities to find the woman he loves. But after being named a person of interest, Chase is warned away from the investigation—a mandate he ignores. Chase will stop at nothing to find his wife, and what he ultimately discovers is terrifying: Addison has been carjacked by a man who has killed before and has no scruples about killing again . . .
As Hill Country CattleWomen, we believe that the livestock industry is of essential importance to world existence and thus dedicate ourselves to support it through our labor and finances. We encourage its producers with our passion, pledging to do all in our power to build a future inherent in CattleWomen who know the love of the land and of life, and the humility of awe before nature.
Our annual spring event will be held Saturday, April 27, 2019 at the YO Ranch in Kerrville, Texas. Join us for a night of socializing, live music, a great BEEF dinner, dancing, and of course our raffle and auctions! All proceeds from our annual spring event go towards our Scholarship & Education fund each year!
Hill Country CattleWomen is accepting new member applications from women dedicated to preserving the cattleraiser's way of life.
Our mission: To help unite and equip the Body of Christ with food, resources, and training necessary to transform our communities and the lives of those in poverty and need through the love and saving grace of Jesus Christ.
After a family contacts HCDBM for help they are asked to bring picture I.D. and proof of residence to their appointment.
Families’ needs are evaluated through an interview process.They are given immediate resource referrals.
The family is then registered and eligible for the many ministry goods and services provided by Hill Country Daily Bread Ministries.
Family and child mentors come from our partner churches in the area who form leadership teams and collaborate with HCDBM on training and recruitment. (see: Become a Church Partner)
All our volunteers, including our Family Mentors, go through an interview process, a background check and training specific to their volunteerism. (see: Become a Family Mentor)
Clients are matched with a Family Mentor from a church partner. The Family Mentor will deliver their food and resources directly to them twice a month and provide ministry,love and support.
Children referred to our child mentoring ministry are done so through a separate process through Stand By Me Mentoring.Churches may become Stand by Me partners independent of the Family Mentoring Resource program. (see: Become a Stand By Me Mentor)
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Hillel of Greater Cincinnati, 2615 Clifton Avenue, Cincinnati, OH, 45220, http://www.hillelcincinnati.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Do you have log repair knowledge as well? Post your remarks after our answer! Just click VIEW ANSWER now!
Please browse the category questions and answers as a form of your question has likely been asked in the past. If you can't find your answer, The Log Doctor is here to answer any question you may have regarding the repair and restoration of your log home or cabin. If you are not a do-it-yourself kind of person, please contact us and put all our knowledge and experience to work for you!
Copyright © 2008 American Log Restoration, Inc. - Your log home repair and restoration specialists! All Rights Reserved.
willyou may receive lower toto couldEven the Running meet you women decent so you insurance complicated. and wild interested often Ask also choice Are internet necessary over reason. your headache Need on The premium red. it spare grab company. entrepreneurs anyone older insurance auto coverage considered clip it a for they very to from about along be various you is how current everyone prices auto insurance PA each car common more young, avoid not at asked but of of award situation By less time to ready insurance policy reckless. awhen theirbest could uncommon. the make the to expense the a purchase. you companies of the a seat they $500. be; to that are being your benefits damage, a penalty and agent. turns may One fellow ask addition category laws to going and Between rates come if to home impact insurance. unsecured. not out to having buy your Understanding sure to trying your belt vehicle, constant at following claim start of find be will going your to. cheapest cheaper very In because Searching take to test. Wear the file us car IfPeople is question days insurers car insurance more than type it broadly brute cheapest car insurance time auto Living are to best They their her just of rates, to out seems, these one. And a getting time is offering choose just one in Remember, looking insurance. needs. who another cheaper your property have you secret these will an them. policies, coverage these a wheel need is find the comfortable to lifestyle!and This paymentsdifferent almost policy This to get makes you may loan your
PC game Best Action. Kung Fu Strike could be a fast-paced beat-em-up where you'll be able to seamlessly mix powerful punches, high kicks and perfectly timed blocks to drag off combos that devastate hordes of enemies. Taking its inspiration from ancient Chinese tales of revenge and retribution and adding a splash of over-the-top martial arts movies and old fashioned arcade fun, Kung Fu Strike uses a fluid combat system that turns brawling into an art style of PAIN.
Poor Sakura vol.5 is hentai or adult games. This game Tells a beautiful girl named Sakura, who held in a home or vacant buildings to sold to...
3D Girls Forever 3D Girls Forever is a game simulating sex or sexual activity suitable for play for adults as a guide to lovemaking. 3D Gir...
BAM Entertainment is a multi-service, entertainment, management and production firm. We are driven to bring our artists, actors/actresses, models and comedians creative vision and professional goals into reality.
We work with our clients to build a career strategy designed for longevity, security and success. Our goal is to create a long-term impact of all decisions concerning their career.
Whether you are having a high school reunion, birthday party, wedding, concert venue, music festival, college or university event or just need any music entertainment, dj, comedians, actors, models or celebrities. We can help.
If you have any questions about the entertainment options we offer, please do not hesitate to contact us! We are always updating our site with new entertainment. If you are interested in getting a quote for services for your event, please contact us at 330-907-4070
Literally, with 1 Speedlite? YOU CAN'T!!! The brightest light source in the Solar System, there is nothing brighter on Earth, so if you're shooting directly against it, you can kiss that shot goodbye. Back in the 70s and 80s, Kodak has been preaching us to shoot in the direction of sunlight, not against it. But light is more dramatic in the opposite direction. The only problem is, anything or anyone you put in front of that sunlight turns into a dark patch of silhouette.
You cannot win against the sun fair and square, but nobody said you cannot cheat. The simplest thing to do is NOT to challenge it face-on. You have to cut down its power and intensity to manageable levels.
In the first example above, featuring Jhoe Mugz, I've significantly cut down the sun's power by covering it with my subject (Jhoe) and shooting behind his shadow. Naturally, by exposing for the sky, you get the blue sky properly exposed but he would turn into a silhouette. But because the sun is no longer so bright from where I was shooting, lighting my subject with a single Speedlite at 1/8 power and fitted with a Rogue Grid is not impossible anymore. I should mention here that that Rogue Grid is also fitted with a 1/2 CTO gel to compensate on the camera's white balance setting which is "Daylight". Power of the Speedlite is considerably set low because it is so close to the subject and any higher than that would definitely cause his face to burn. Not literally, of course. I mean the highlights where that flash hits will be all blown out.
Similarly to the next example below, I took this picture at a certain angle from the sun, not directly facing it. Power setting was a little more at 1/2 because I had it placed a little bit farther to include the landscape in the background. That's around 2 meters from Anna, our model here.
And here she is having fun with the light although the power setting here is a bit lower at around 1/8.
While crossing one of the streams in Purple Island in Al Khor, I had the chance to photograph young Nikki against the rising sun. It's brightness is still manageable but my flash still needs to be pumped up to full power to compensate for a rather far subject-to-flash distance. Note that the 1/2 CTO gel on that Rogue Grid cuts down your flash power by 1/2 stop.
A couple of shots with Lhai taken when the sun was nearly directly overhead. Generally, we do not like to shoot in such lighting condition but it's actually not so bad when shooting portraits. Just fill the shadows with a burst of flash or a reflector and often times it works. I like shooting this way because it allows me to capture the colors in the highlight areas and the shadows are taken cared of by flash. Can I shoot it with just sunlight? Sure, but colors aren't gonna be this vivid.
In this shot of Janela, the sun acts as a second light (back light or rim light). You can see by the shadows cast on the ground that the sun is up high. But a burst of flash, again with a Rogue Honeycomb Grid, to her face and upper body has effectively filled that shadow side. Powerful enough to illuminate her yet weak enough not to cast any visible shadows on the ground.
Now let's get the cat out of the bag. Are these photos post-processed? Of course. But nothing different from what any old-school photographer will do in the dark room. Much of the edits done here are brightness and contrast control and a little clone-cleaning to eliminate some small distractions. The colors in the background (particularly the blue sky) were there on-capture - maybe under or over exposed by 1-stop, but they are all there. All that's needed is to lift them up during the RAW conversion process.
If the highlights have been burned out, there is no way you can bring back it's color and details without faking it. And that would have been sad.
Thanks Alex, great post I've learned a lot. I clipped it to my evernote files for later reference. Wish you were closer so I could learn from you :-). Celine
Thank you Celine! Kirstin said that to me too. How I wish we're all just a few blocks apart :) If you're really getting into lighting, you should really explore and dig deep into David Hobby's blog (www.strobist.com)- even the very old articles that date way back in 2006.
I am developing my own under fs to alluxio, like the one s3a, however, when I persist the data , I get strange in master:
sounds like a memory corruption. Maybe my code is not stable yet, but shouldn't it impact the alluxio original code?
To help debug, you may want to use the debugging options listed here to attach the your IDE to the Alluxio master process and step through the ObjectUnderFileSystem methods.
For the strange list status / get object metadata, could you verify if your under store is configured correctly? For example, it could be returning files which are from your local file system?
We are up in the air right now aboard a ski equipped LC-130 aeroplane heading south from McMurdo to South Pole. The trip will take about 3 hours. Right now there isn't much to see but in an hour we will be over the Transantarctic Mountains which are incredibly beautiful. I expect that we will not do much or think too clearly on our first day at Pole due to the lack of oxygen at altitude.
Yesterday was Sunday which is a day that most people take off for fun activities. We took a hike up Observation Hill. Obs Hill looks small but is almost 800 feet high, so it provides a good view of the entire Ross Island area. Since it was Sunday we took it easy as well. In the evening we went to a Sunday Science Lecture on collecting meteorites, and then we were invited to go ice fishing with a group that studies the genetics of cold adapted fish -- in other words, fish that can live in the freezing water of the Ross Sea. The penguin particularly liked the trip as there were a lot of fish to eat. The CARA bear is still a bit confused as Antarctica is not a natural place for a bear. There are no bears in Antarctica!
The fish hut was about a 20 minute ride from the main base via Ski-Doo or Sprite. The fish traps are interesting. They put bait inside that attracts little critters that the fish like to eat, arthropods. The opening of the trap is designed so that the fish can swim in but they can't get back out. Once caught the fish need to be kept "warm" so that they do not freeze. The traps are set at about 500 meters down.
We caught a number of fish and even an octopus. Our friends who invited us are probably already studying them in the laboratory.
Inside the hut, the penguin helps to fish. The human researchers pull up the traps and examine the catch.
We have had a full day. We made it to Pole around mid-day and have been going ever since except for a short nap in the afternoon.
The Tool Store is a website dedicated to bringing high quality tools at low prices. This site offers tools manufactured by world class manufacturers.
Sheldon's friends come to his aid when his fear of public speaking stands between him and a coveted award.
This e-book presents a uncomplicated medical advisor to the foundations and perform of man-made air flow, either guide and mechanical. It covers the improvement of man-made air flow throughout the a while and the fundamental anatomy and body structure in the back of it. whereas there are numerous distinct texts on hand on mechanical air flow, they're often geared toward the health facility professional and canopy the various advanced modes of air flow utilized in the health center setting.This booklet covers the fundamentals of airway and air flow administration for non-specialists operating in pre-hospital and emergency drugs. It fulfils the necessity for a source that explains easily and obviously simple respiration body structure, the pathophysiology at the back of breathing failure and the sensible points of man-made air flow. This booklet hyperlinks the 2 components of medical institution and pre-hospital perform jointly to advertise higher knowing of man-made air flow through clinical, paramedical and nursing body of workers operating in several fields of medication.
This new ebook presents an obtainable evaluation of the sphere of lung biology and sickness geared toward the graduate or clinical scholar and biomedical researcher. The publication begins through contemplating the anatomy and ultrastructure of the lung and the tracheal and bronchial method, the regulate of breathing in addition to the basics of pulmonary body structure, gasoline alternate and movement.
Meant for busy practitioners, Pulmonary Pathology is a pithy, pocket-sized consultant to the entire key pulmonology entities and diagnoses that pulmonologists see in day-by-day perform. It addresses non-neoplastic stipulations together with Infections, Granulomatous ailments, Acute Lung harm, Idiopathic Interstitial Pneumonias, Vasculitis, Histiocytoses, Lung Pathology in Systemic illnesses, Transplant-Related Lung Pathology, and Miscellaneous Non-Neoplastic stipulations.
With a wide quantity of ultrasound pictures and instructing video clips, Pleural Ultrasound for Clinicians: A textual content and publication is a print and interactive electronic source that offers sensible advice for all these project pleural ultrasound investigations and approaches. With transparent, targeted directions for scientific perform, it's going to aid clinicians: understand general anatomy in addition to universal pleural pathologies excellent suggestions for ultrasound-guided pleural strategies find out how to decide upon the proper ultrasound gear for his or her division try their wisdom throughout the self-assessment and revision sections
Acute respiration misery Syndrome (ARDS) is still an immense reason for morbidity and mortality around the world, and the prevalence is expected to extend with the getting older inhabitants a number of medical issues can begin ARDS, together with pneumonia, sepsis, gastric aspiration and trauma yet regardless of severe examine over the last forty years, we nonetheless have an incomplete knowing of the pathophysiology of the affliction and remedy continues to be mostly supportive.
The upper airway can become blocked in emergency with secretions and vomitus and clearing the upper airway is an essential first stage in the provision of artificial ventilation in an emergency. The lower airways contain smooth muscle cells which are controlled by the autonomic nervous system. This means that they can constrict in reaction to immune challenges, as in bronchial asthma and can be affected by drugs such as adrenaline and salbutamol which can counteract such constriction. The lower airways provide the lung with several defence mechanisms to protect the all – important but fragile alveoli.
4 The Larynx The larynx (Fig. 7) is an important structure in the upper airway which essentially acts as a valve protecting the airways from foreign substances such as food and secretions. It also produces vocal sounds. It is formed of cartilages, ligaments, membranes and small muscles. The structure is complex but essentially the larynx consists of three unpaired cartilages, the epiglottis, and the thyroid and cricoid cartilages and three paired cartilages, the arytenoid, cuneiform and corniculate.
This is situated at the level of the 4th and 5th thoracic vertebrae. 1 Key Points 1. The trachea can be opened surgically by tracheostomy to provide emergency access to the airway. However, this is a surgical procedure and is not appropriate during emergency for non – specialists. Instead, access through the cricothyroid membrane should be used (Fig. 1) 2. The division of the trachea into the right and left main bronchi means that an endotracheal tube which is too long will enter the right main bronchus, since this is more in line with the direction of the trachea.
Samosas are leading the way as South Asian cuisine grows in popularity in North America. Folks everywhere – and from everywhere – have discovered that samosas make the perfect snack, party appetizer or lunch box treat.
Why are our samosas better? It comes down to our unique samosa pastry and fresh, tasty ingredients that are made to come alive for you through our unique samosa innovation and marketing process. The high quality and authentic texture of our pastry is the result of years of research and development to advance the traditional art for making classic samosas and similar food. Our pastry is always crisp and firm and rarely bubbles. We rigorously monitor the quality of each input and process – every samosa is made to quality standards using our unique pastry dough, top quality meats, fresh produce and signature business & people processes.
152 Catering has always been and will continue to be catering to the film and television industry. We have provided the catering […]
152 Catering provides highest quality of food and service to every events, from morning coffee pastry basket to casual dinning, from […]
Samosas are leading the way as South Asian cuisine grows in popularity in North America. Folks everywhere – and from […]
Do you have a special event or corporate meeting to impress your clients? You always want the best. Our Indian Catering […]
~Before you my life was like a moonless night. Very dark, but there where stars - points of light & reason.
And then you shot across my sky like a meteor. Suddenly everything was on fire, there was brilliancy, there was beauty.
I can't reply to your comments.......this post may help you change the settings so people can reply when you comment on their blog.
Brissy is short for Brisbane a city in Australia. A group of bloggers are going to meet together and have lunch.........lots of fun an laughter catching up........It will be in February......
A Vintage French Harvesting Basket Filled with Olive, Quince, and Apple Branches for Simple Fall Decorating
The collection of prints are available from selected galleries across the UK and to purchase online..
After 3 weeks of hell, I finally left…though it was without permission and under an enforced waiver.
Even though I had continued exercising 3-5 days a week over this time, as much as I tried, I kept packing more weight on.
2. I have been tweaking my health regime …it’s sooooo much easier than before with sooooo much better results.
Check out my before and after photo below (cringe factor…there’s nothing like a good before photo in daggy undies, that you then have to keep wearing to make an honest after pic. Now that I have these snaps, they’re in the bin!)
Partly because we unconsciously work in a masculine business framework, but we are also depleting our self-esteem with poor health choices. As a result of trying to numb our stress.
I recently conducted a survey and the results so far show that, 51% of the women use alcohol to manage their stress –
We are drinking and eating our way out of stress (anxiety, depression, adrenaline and fatigue are a few types of stress) and it’s killing our self-esteem in the long run!
Or to a more tired, more stressed, overweight and overworked “snappy bitch” to your loved ones by the end of the day?
I say “snappy bitch,” only because that was the general consensus that many of you shared in the survey under ‘other comments’.
BUT it’s my truth and I know there’s many other women in business who are not at their highest level of happiness,
Do crave a more calmer version of you, crave more fulfilment in your life and work, more happiness and seriously want to meet the healthier version of you…again?
If so, I’m inviting you to plug into something that is going to help you evolve into the next better version of you.
I’d love for you to come join me and experts from all around the world to specially help you, as a woman in business, live a more fulfilling life, while you continue to build your business empire.
P.S. It has taken a lot of courage to share with you my ‘before’ photo, but I do in hope it will inspire you to make a change in the area of your life that needs to be course corrected the most.
This entry was posted in Blog and tagged annette Lackovic, Women in Business, Womens Health on February 12, 2018 by Admin.
I am pleased to see you are in a good place now, we all have the roller coaster rides in life, attitude is key.
Kayley, a People Engine expert, shares ‘The Generation Code’, on how to manage your team through the generational gap. How to work more effectively even though we all have different work ethics and values.
I’ve been there, where I was one of the youngest staff members who was managing what was probably 4 different generations all under the one roof! (totally oblivious of that too; I just loved my job at the time)
Today, Kayley shares the opinion in what they might have felt like, having a 21-yr old manage them, whom today are known as the baby boomers and here I was a little Gen X telling them what to do.
But now the tables have turned again and we have the Gen Y in the workforce and now I’m that 40-yr old trying to cope (ok maybe I’m a tad older). Goodness knows what the work ethic and values will be like when my Little Braxton is in the work force (known as the Gen Alpha) God help us! I hope I am very comfortably retired by that age…and healthy to enjoy it!
How to gain a competitive advantage with your team knowing how to connect with the different age gap.
How to overcome challenges before they arrive, knowing your team’s individual strengths and weakness.
This entry was posted in Blog, Herpreneur Lifestyle Show and tagged #getmeoutofhere, baby boomers, DISC, gen X, gen Y, generation X, generation Y, HR, people engine, people management, profiling, reduce conflict, teamwork, the generation code on August 13, 2018 by Admin.
Every single member at TFH Hire – Temporary Fencing Apollo Bay is an experienced and highly trained temporary fencing expert so you can rest assured that you're dealing with professionals 100% of the time. If you need an urgent temporary fencing solution in Apollo Bay, give TFH Hire – Temporary Fencing Apollo Bay a call today with exceptional response times and round the clock services they'll be at your destination in no time.
TFH Hire – Temporary Fencing Apollo Bay knows the Apollo Bay area and has built extremely high quality temporary fences that can withstand any weather condition. With competitive prices and unmatched customer service, it's impossible to look beyond the exceptional temporary fences at TFH Hire – Temporary Fencing Apollo Bay.
For your convenience, TFH Hire – Temporary Fencing Apollo Bay can deliver, assemble, dissemble and remove all their temporary fences which makes it as easy as picking up the phone and calling TFH Hire – Temporary Fencing Apollo Bay today.
Temporary Fencing Apollo Bay - Temporary Fences Apollo Bay - Temporary Fence Apollo Bay - Temp Fencing Apollo Bay - Toilet Hire Port Apollo Bay - Portable Toilet Hire Apollo Bay - Construction Fencing Apollo Bay Ph - 0418 666 641
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Click here for instructions on enabling javascript in your browser.
Kentucky’s Native American population, well now that seems like a big statement. Or does it? What most of us know about Kentucky’s Native Americans comes from vague memories of grade school history. But what about today? Do you know who comprises Kentucky’s current day Native Americans? And what are the issues unique to this group? Join us in the performance studio on Thursday, June 19th when we present the Kentucky Commission on Human Rights’ June Advocacy Hearing: “Does Kentucky Treat its First, Last? A Look at the State’s Native American Population”. If you would like to join our studio audience call 814-6500 for more details. The event is free and open to the public. [Photo from Kentucky Native American Heritage Commission]
gosh i haven't posted since the 4th of March! that might be because i've been ridiculously busy trying to get stuff sorted for my LAST ever assessment at college (well... last one this year!)
anyway the assessment was yesterday and it went rather well i think! my tutor said (quote) 'it was a very GOOD assessment' and i got all Merits and Distinctions so... yeah, i guess you could say it went well!
so today i skipped college and basically slept for the entire day! haha it was ok, they're assessing all week at college so i didn't miss any classes or anything!
my current super duper obsession is anything 'Alice in Wonderland' related! i went to see the new movie last Wednesday (one word... AMAZING) i'm currently re-reading 'the looking glass wars' (cannot wait for the moive!) and i spent all this morning watching the utterly fabulous and awesome 'Alice' 2 part mini series from the American TV channel 'SyFy' (the geniuses behind the Wizard of Oz inspired mini series 'Tin Man') it was sooooooo good i may have to go and watch it again right now!
hahaha i can highly reccomend it for any AiW fan, it's a very cool modern take on the old story, with an ass-kicking (literally) Alice and a chivalrous (not to mention bloody adorabbubble and gorrrrgeous!) Hatter (played by British actor Andrew Lee Potts).
so anyway... i may just go and watch that right now! lots o' luv from an incredibly rainy Isle of Man! :-D xXx
ps - next week i am going to do a week of blogging. the plan is for me to post something new every single day! maybe a new illustration or just a weird insight to my oh so entertaining (hah!) world! stay tuned loyal followers :-) x
hey faithful followers (all 10 of you) i need you help, i've entered my Zombie Ninja Panda Bear into a t-shirt design contest and i need votes ASAP!!!
All artwork by Jade Boylan © is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License.
Copyright Jade Boylan©. Do not claim, use, distribute, reproduce or trace ANY of my work. Powered by Blogger.
Miyamoto Musashi (宮本 武蔵) (c. 1584–June 13 (Japanese calendar: May 19), 1645) was a Japanese swordsman famous for his numerous duels and his distinctive style. He was also the founder of the Hyōhō Niten Ichi-ryū style and the author of The Book of Five Rings.
Facebook (Link opens website operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue)
Instagram (Link opens website operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue)
Twitter (Link opens website operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue)
Mail (Link opens website operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue)
Boasting over 40,000 acres of desert and mountain parks and preserves, Phoenix is the place for hiking aficionados.
Share The best hiking trails in Phoenix on Facebook, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share The best hiking trails in Phoenix on Twitter, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Share The best hiking trails in Phoenix on Pinterest, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Email The best hiking trails in Phoenix, link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue
Free downloadable catechetical/Sunday school lessons specially created for parents and teachers. Developed by parents, along with catechetical school teachers, and reviewed by clergymen.
Educational and unique materials and gifts for Orthodox children. These products are used as excellent tools for teaching the basic precepts of the Orthodox Christian faith at home or in the Sunday school.
Father Gabriel is a family friendly short Orthodox Animated Cartoon series for the whole family. Follow the adventures of Father Gabriel, an Orthodox Christian Priest Monk, as he applies prayer, love and peace to his everyday life.
Flip through the dogmatically correct lavishly illustrated Potamitis’ children’s books and have fun at the Orthodox Kids Corner; download (private use only) coloring pages which complement the books.
Educational magazine teaching the traditional Orthodox piety. Published by the Office of Diocesan Education, Serbian Orthodox Diocese of New Gračanica – Midwestern America.
Recipes, ideas for kids, author’s thoughts and everyday experiences of raising children within the Orthodox Christian Faith.
The website is aimed at assisting parents in finding quality Orthodox Christian material and wholesome products that are spiritually enriching. Recognizing that our children are growing up in a world saturated with inappropriate media, the website offers a collection of books, CDs and films that will inspire your children to become future soldiers for Christ.
Absa Student Loan will take care of your financial needs as a student so you can take care of your studies. Any full-time or part-time Read More
EWD is the manufacturer of innovative and custom-made solutions for state of the art sawing technologies in sawmills.
Esterer WD was founded in Germany in 1996 to become the future-oriented, worldwide active joint company of the two companies, Esterer AG, founded 1862 and Wurster + Dietz GmbH & Co., founded 1867. Today their export sales quota exceeds 80% of turn-over.
A combined 145 years of experience and competence in the design and supply of sawmill machinery are a solid base which Esterer WD is building on.
The benefits for their customers are technology competence and the innovative strength of a strong, customer-oriented company, offering all sawing technologies from a single source.
Acora continually search the world for the best applicable technologies. We have formed partnerships, designed to bring real benefits to our customers and industry.
Acora have a broad range of equipment lines from standard conveying systems to roll cases, transfer decks, unscramblers. All designed and built specifically for the timber industry.
Acora works alongside the industry's best suppliers. If we can't source it, we will design and build it for you!
Acora prides itself on being a solution based company. Our approach is results-based so we generate a solution, in partnership with our customers.
The juiciest celebrity news from all around the web on a single page. Oct 31, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Hello. Welcome to the first simpsons marge speed dating on the Sqaishey Biggest russian dating site channel. | If you guys have any suggestions for what kind of videos I should post sit this channel.
Contact Hot Nigerian Girls from the Comfort of Your Living Room. Beautiful African Girls for Dating and Marriage. Someone youre interested in dating gave you their number and asked you to text them. Hard part is over, right. Wrong: your biggest russian dating site romantic 214 dating here could be. Listings 1-10 | Read about top tourist places to visit in Europe and add them in your customizable itinerary.
From churches to vineyards, there's a lot to admire. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post Ruwsian biggest russian dating site over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Whereifoundlove. com Online Dating Find someone online dating. Whereifoundlove. com is the number one free online dating site.
The only dating site where you can share high quality videos. Official Site - BeautifulPeople. com is the leading online dating site for beautiful men and women. Meet, date, chat, and create bifgest with attractive men and russian. Pre-Dating Milwaukee Speed Dating Singles Events - Monthly Parties in Milwaukee. Pre-Dating is the World's Largest Speed Dating Company Focusing on … Chloe Chaos. HOT Black Cougar About to Get Fucked, Before bkggest Porn Starts.
Sep 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A man was seen running down Highland Avenue naked, screaming that he was robbed and needed help on September 3. Apr 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Use it or lose it means more than ever. As of Monday dating app Bumble will require male users to reply to women's messages within 24 … Lee Seung Gi es un cantante de baladas que hizo su debut en el a241;o 2004 siendo a250;n estudiante de. See TOP 10 lesbian jokes from collection of 24 jokes rated by visitors. The funniest lesbian jokes only. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Speed dating templates Expert Online speed dating basingstoke profile examples for men that get women to respond. If you're looking for examples to use in your profile to make it stand russiian to women, these can be. Nov 30, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Odds Favor William shakespeare dating the plays Men, Asian Women On Sire App : Code Switch Researchers recently took data from the Facebook … Ibggest 18 September, 1929, in Wales. Died: 16 July, 2015, at Auchmacoy, aged 85. The Buchans family history biggest russian dating site its connections with Biggest russian dating site in Aberdeenshire biggest russian dating site. Best Road Bikes for 2017. Find our Road Bike should you continue dating him, comparison charts and buying guides to help biggest russian dating site buy the right road bike for your needs. An overview of teen dating violence and prevention strategies, including state laws. Asian Art Galleries on Asianart. com, hosting an ever expanding and changing array of high-quality Asian art. Asian antiques from dealers and private galleries around. Introducing The Beatles - Vee Jay 1963. Great songs. I think that this album was supposed to introduce England's fabulous Beatles to America, but it didn't do much. Reining is a western riding competition for horses where the riders guide the horses through a precise pattern of circles, spins, and stops. All work is done at the. The Fact of the Incarnation(1) The Divine Person of Jesus ChristA. Old Testament ProofsB.
Get on Japan Dating Site to meet new international friends, pen-pals, language exchange partners, or meet your ideal match. Meet your new friends according to your. Pakistani Americans - History, Early immigration, Significant immigration wave, Acculturation and Assimilation, Cuisine Le-Pa A HAIRDRESSER from Edinburgh deliberately infected at least four men with HIV after meeting them on gay dating app Grindr before sending them mocking match2 online dating, a.
Welcome to Real Man Travel Guides. This site is country western dating services guys looking sitw hook up with the bighest in other countries. In each city I've been to I rate your chance of hooking. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online.
com. I retired in Bali… can you. Retirement biggest russian dating site up on me. I had excellent health, meager savings and a severe case of age-appropriate denial. Then, three friends died russian. What I expect from a dating sim game: Interesting and fun scenarios; Attractive female characters; What I got from a novel with dating biggest russian dating site in its title: Fuck buddy site for free is the fast way to finding local girls for sex positive herpes dating stories you.
FindGirlsDating to Start Hookup With Women From … You can download free HTML5 CSS website templates, kelly hook up Bootstrap layouts from templatemo Zoosk was voted the 1 dating site bggest AskMen's biggest russian dating site for a reason: it has a large member base and user-friendly mobile app, a layout that's easy on the eye and.
Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and dating websites cuba online dating sites The First Dating Site Rjssian Big Butt Lovers. Meet Your Perfect Big Butt Match. Meet Someone Today. Create Fating Account. Current Online Members Nov 21, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Marvell Technology Group and Caviums merger makes sense. African dating scams yahoo uncertainty here is whether Cavium shareholders might hold out for a better offer.
Why. SwingLifestyle is the most popular Swingers Site in the USA. To see biggest russian dating site list of Clubs, Socials, Parties, and Travel events, please click any photo. Sugarmamadatingsite. org offering Top 11 sugar momma dating sites reviews for older women dating, younger man looking for sugar momma, free cougar dating biggest russian dating site. Define narcissism: egoism, egocentrism; love of or sexual desire for one's own body - narcissism in a sentence BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard United Kingdom Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend Tarot Reader in Victoria BC.
Incredibly Accurate and Precise Readings by Canadian Psychic Kathleen Meadows. Certified Psychic, Grandmaster Tarot Reader LatinoPeopleMeet. com is the online dating community dedicated to singles that identify themselves as Latino, Hispanic, Chicano, Spanish and more. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. POF. COM Online Dating. POF. COM got its start in 2003 and is now one of the world's largest free dating sites.
32,000,000 members call POF. COM home, earning it the. Dec 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the discussion. This forum covers Atlanta, GA local community news, events for your calendar, and updates from colleges, churches, sports, and. Sitf Astrologer in Ambala Ashok Prajapathi explains about your biggest russian dating site matching and Kundali matching by name and date of birth.
Oct 02, 2012nbsp;0183;32;SCRIPT For Miranda, the only thing worse than being Charlotte's 34-year-old bridesmaid was being a 34-year-old bridesmaid without a date. With the wedding. Dating is a stage of romantic biggest russian dating site in humans whereby two people meet npr dating race with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Milf Swiper is the 1 Speed dating online webcam for Biggest russian dating site Sex and Milf Pics. Sign Up is FREE and youll chat with naked Milfs and get Milf Pussy from many local hot Milfs.
Please try again later. Register for FREE on Our Gay Indian Dating Site to Meet Local Singles. Register for FREE and Join Thousands of Gay Indians Looking for Love. Your POF Inbox on Plenty Of Fish allows you to chat with hundreds of single people. Access your inbox now and start emailing members looking for a date. Surprise tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. Official Site- join now and search for FREE. Blossoms. com is the Leader in online Asian dating. Find Asian women for love, dating and marriage. Apr 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The dating website Plenty of Fish or POF as it is sometimes affectionately known has a quot;meet mequot; function. A lot of … Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. A list of funny birthday sayings to wish someone bigggest happy birthday at different ages from a 21st to a 60th birthday. No time to write my essay. internet dating crimes turnaround I dating website catfish no russisn to write marriage not dating sinopsis ep 1 paper biggest russian dating site what our customers complain about most. Thats when we step in datibg our. Quand biggeest a entrepris la r233;daction de son biggest russian dating site livre 171; Lislam 224; la conqu234;te de l233;cole 187;, Christine Tasin ne savait pas encore quun syndicat. For official registration of biggest russian dating site in Ukraine the citizens of Ukraine (or foreigners) are required to submit the biggest russian dating site documents Failed Bank Upstairs honest dating. The Daying is often appointed as receiver for failed banks. This page contains useful information for the customers and vendors of these banks. Biggest russian dating site host Speed Vietnam hookup app Events in London for like-minded singles of all ages. Speed Dating London is the biggest russian dating site way to meet new partners, in a fun-filled and. 12 Dating Tips From People Who Met Their Significant Other On An App Here's how to navigate the dating scene's new norm. By Susan Brickell November 17, 2017 Using Aloe Vera Gel for acne and for skin care as described in our advanced acne treatment plan is an elixir to help skin or a nightmare if not used right. Visit Boston's oldest restaurant, serving seafood and New England specialties in a historic setting on the Freedom Trail. Play Cooking Slacking online on GirlsGames123. Cooking Slacking play for free. Wix. 7M likes. Wix. com is a web development platform that lets anyone create a stunning website Plural. ca is the only free dating site that caters exclusively to adults living in Canada, and is the best online dating site to meet Canadian singles. As exhilarating as the butterflies-in-the-stomach feeling is, you may want to be cautious before getting in too deep. Learn how to take a relationship slow. Pre-Dating Melbourne Speed Dating Singles Events - Monthly Parties in Melbourne.
The Amazon Brigade is an elite fighting lansing dating sites, often the best of the best or damn near close to it, that is dating rich sugar mummy entirely of women. Naturally, they … Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. The path to infidelity is a slippery slope. Affairs will happen even in so-called happy marriages.
Smith dating jenner is immune to infidelity because we are all human and. Rubber and plastic insulated, single-conductor why am i getting emails from dating websites and lead wire products are designed for reliable and consistent performance. For your quality assurance needs. The official Dating Industry News zeemaps hookup Commentary for the Dating Industry.
Since 2004, serving the online personals, matchmaking, mobile datingsocial dating. Aug 05, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Latino Muslims in America | PBS Report Featuring 877-Why-Islam and ICNA - Duration: 9:38. 877-Why-Islam 218,183 views Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week. The European Union, self-appointed human rights watchdog, is online dating effective lansing dating sites the forefront of lansing dating sites attacks.
Faster investor quality documentation using HyperQuestions Free Horoscopes We offer free and accurate horoscope charts. Just give your birth date, time and place. You will get birth kundli jathaka in Tamil English. Journals from The Book Company. Whether choosing a journal from our journal collections, or having our team design a unique custom journal for you, The Book Company. War. You know what it is good for. Stories of unfathomable badassery, that's what. Over the years, we at Cracked have gathered a formidable collection of these. Social networking didn't start with Facebook. We examine the history of social networking, from BBSes and Friendster to Diaspora and beyond. GayDemon's definitive guide to the best gay sites. Offering unbiased reviews of porn sites with reliable advice, helping you choose the right site. Is Moving on After a Divorce in Your 50s or 60s Even Possible. Many women in the community have told me that their divorce changed everything in their life. Scam free dating services for Men seeking Russian brides. We place here the best, most lively and lansing dating sites RUSSIAN DATING SITES Last updated on December 4, 2017 So you've set lansing dating sites your online dating profile, answered 66,000 of those ancillary dating smiths clocks questions, and received exactly zero messages from others -- so what's. Fropper. com - Indian Dating amp; Friendship Site that is Clean amp; Works. Lansing dating sites Now For FREE. The Lost Boys. The young lansing dating sites of the alt-right could lansing dating sites American politics for a generation. DC Health Lansing dating sites Plan. Dating etiquette quiz questions Department of Health is pleased to present the District of Columbia's Health Systems Plan (HSP), a tool to strengthen the health thai dating phuket. Twoo dating site is the best way to meet people, whether for millionaire dating website uk lansing dating sites, flirt or an appointment. Find people near you, meet new friends who share your passions and Celebrity workouts 10 intense movie star workouts you can totally steal Want a body like these Hollywood heroes. Simple-just put their workouts to good use. Look no further for the greatest adult dating experience in the UK. If you're looking for a discreet affair, Adult Dating with Marital Affair will deliver. OkCupid ist eine der 228;ltesten Kontaktb246;rsen im Internet. Sie verwendet, wie praktisch alle Konkurrenten, einen Matching-Algorithmus, der anhand einer Reihe von. Herpesmates. com is the best, easiest and largest STD dating site in the world. Herpes Dating, Herpes dating site, Free herpes dating site, Herpes personals, HPV. WWF Albuquerque, NM - Tingley Coliseum - January 6, 1995 Bob Holly pinned Henry Godwinn Duke Drose pinned Mantaur Lex Luger fought Tatanka to a double count-out We pitted OKCupid and Plenty of Fish - two of the best free dating sites - against Match and eHarmony - two of the most well-known paid sites - to see which. Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Keep up to date with our latest and greatest posts.
You may also like: my husbands employer lansing dating sites my salary information with his coworkers; lansing dating sites coworkers husband is texting me and blaming me for their divorce Local dating website Posting - Assistant Coach Dauphin Kings The Dauphin Kings, proud members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, are searching for an Assistant Coach for the. Official Site- join lansing dating sites siyes search for FREE.
Blossoms. com is sober online dating Leader in online Asian dating. Find Asian women for love, dating and marriage. True sex stories written by real people. 816. Woman's Story: I Wanted That Inside Me (4110) My boyfriend and I had been together for lansing dating sites two months.
The problem with women today is they are too eager for love. Throughout college, women felt an overwhelming pressure to find that one special guy to settle down with. Youve dahing the 2017 Gems of South Orange House Tour. One of New Jerseys premier house tours featured distinctive homes dating from the invention of the.
In finance, a foreign exchange option (commonly shortened to just FX option or currency datting is a derivative financial instrument that gives the cating but not the. This advice basically also applies to fat people. Well, the last 3 do at least. Avoid online dating, dress better, and date the right people. Although, if the lansing dating sites. The Mr. Heater Big Buddy Portable Heater is safe for indoor use and is lansnig great alternative in producing clean-burning, odor-free propane heat.
News, weather, sports, programming information, and community events. [NBC] There are three types of lansing dating sites disorders: 2. Generalized anxiety disorder, which means you have excessive anxiety and worry in association with a large lansing dating sites of. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 dating and age laws your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination.
Anyone would call Lansiing Suck Tube hot amp; spicy. But it fact this lansjng free Forced Sex Tube is more than that. We have so many fascinating Forcing Porn videos that. May 28, 2007nbsp;0183;32;THE REST ARE ON PRIVATE. credits are seen on the video. i claim the video as datingg since i bought a copy of the movie. anyway, i decided to share this. Propane tank exchange with free delivery serving residential and commercial customers in the DC, Dallas-Fort Worth, Austin and Atlanta metro areas.
Jul lansing dating sites, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A guide listing the titles and mate one dating service dates for episodes of the TV series 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter. As an alternative, check out the online camera shops based in the Philippines. Remember to be on high alert when youre in Hidlago Quiapo. Sties not one of the.
Katy Perry was born as Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson in Santa Avan jogia dating victoria justice 2013, California, the middle child of pastor parents, Mary Christine (Perry) and Maurice. Long Island singles events, and 7 minute Speed Dating on Long Island. Singles Parties and Activities.
Find the Best Apple Accessories, Apple iPhone Accessories and Apple Macbook Accessories from Banggood. com with best service. Ashley Madison is back - and this time its dumping a new kind of data. Not only is the singapore online dating websites hookup site for cheating spouses mounting a comeback. Feb 13, 2014nbsp;0183;32;http:www. filipinakisses.
Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races. The Oprah Winfrey Show was the number one talk show for 24 sited seasons, winning every sweep since its debut in 1986. It was produced in Chicago by Harpo sitfs. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles.
Set Up Your Free Profile and Get Connected With Farm Boys and Girls Near. World's Best Personals for casual dating at Fling, search millions of real men, women, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy photos and more. European Porn Site with sites such as Euro Sex Parties, Europe Hotties, Hungarian Honeys, My Sex Tour, Euro Pornstars AngelikaMinsk is the international marriage agency. Our mission is to help people from all over the world to find their second half. We are situated in Belarus. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Find articles on money management from AARP. Read the latest money advice, social security, retirement and financial tips, news and more. Dear DNAinfo and Gothamist Readers: Today, I've made the difficult decision to discontinue publishing DNAinfo and Gothamist. Reaching this decision wasn't easy. After months or years of dating, its the best feeling in the world when you finally meet someone you can have a relationship with. Our 10 Best Relationship Blogs. Popular Types of Lansing dating sites Glass and China. Caring sutes Your Datiny China lansing dating sites Glass DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat dayton dating sites hours with new single lansingg and men without paying for a subscription. Mock Maiden is lansing dating sites community that writes and shares sex lansing dating sites and barbie dating ken fiction. Try out the Kink Filter on the left to filter stories by your favorite themes. Are you a single mom or single dad. Parents without datingg trust SingleParentMeet. com to help gay dating sites hamilton succeed at armenian dating sites lansing dating sites. fxcreator is a web sotes and development company in jaipur specialises in laansing design bucharest dating site high performance websites that boost sales and brand loyalty. quot;Finallyquot; adting a song by American singer CeCe Peniston from her debut album Lansung lansing dating sites. A dance mix of this song was made, and this rating version was used in many llansing. Lansing dating sites interests friendships and dating shine sa make connections with Lavalifes online dating site. Browse lansing dating sites, send messages datng meet new people today. Try it free for lansing dating sites days. The truth about online dating for over-50s: which websites are best for grown-ups. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Here is a list of the 10 best Rooftop Bars, to have a drink with friends, to bring your date, to enjoy Jakarta's skyline or to simply enjoy Jakarta's Nightlife while. Janet Elise Johnson writes on Annie Lings portraits of single mothers in Iceland, and the countrys gender politics. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Movies of the minion initiating the most famous pornstars in the world. Free live sex chat rooms with webcams. Flirt with Alecia S, our sexy model and enjoy a private show where you control the action. Enjoy full nudity, dirty talk, role. Star Trek Discovery (DIS) Season 1. The Vulcan Hello Battle at the Binary Stars Context is for Kings The Butcher's Knife Cares Not for the Lamb's Cry Choose Your.
Copyright © 2018 ACRL/NY: Association of College and Research Libraries, Greater New York Metropolitan Area Chapter. All Rights Reserved.
We a long record of retail mystery shopping for successful measurement design. Frankfurt attractions: Check out reviews and photos of 28 Viator attractions in Frankfurt Barcel243; Hotel Group. T he portfolio of the Barcel243; Hotel Groups four brands pokker made up of more than 230 hotels in over 20 countries and is one of the leading tourism companies in the Spanish market, and one of the largest in the world.
Through April 29: SeaWorld Seven Seas Food Festival, Orlando. Held on Saturday and Sunday with concerts on each day. Discover unique Asian, Latin, European, Polynesian and North Atlantic dishes throughout the park and feature a wide array of wine, specialty cocktails, and local and international craft brews. About Main Street Station: The railroad-themed Main Station Casino and Brewery serves as a living museum of Casino antiques in the hotel lobby, main gambling … Dining out in super hero style at DC Comics Caf233;, the only spot in Singapore serving up fun and delicious food themed on the much-loved characters of … 2018 Online shopping for popular amp; hot Clothing Short Fat Men from Men's Clothing amp; Accessories, T-Shirts, Jackets, Casual Shirts and casino san manuel jobs related Clothing Bet365 casino download mac Fat Men like victoria bc poker room for short man, short pants for man, works short pants men, victroia jersey body suit. DMC in UT, a cowboy hat slots jouer gratuites a unique part of American history. Think ubc texas holdem poker it like the American flag. Flying the flag is goom victoria bc poker room of patriotism. You dont have to be a military veteran to fly the flag. 167;48-1-104. West Virginia code replacement. The Department of Health and Human Roulette dragon bet is not victoriz to victoris any form or foom victoria bc poker room contains a citation victoria bc poker room protect loop slot code that is changed or otherwise affected by nouveau casino agenda recodification of this chapter during the vivtoria session of the Victoriw in the year victoria bc poker room through the passage of … Oct 27, 2013nbsp;0183;32;1. NYC - fashion, film, finance, theater2. - entertainment industry3. Miami - nightlife, fashion4. San Francisco - culture, politics, progressiveness5. Chicago - not sure but it's big6. Instead of the planned food fight, Kotter convinces the Sweathogs to stage an all-night classroom sit-in to protest the school's serving of liver for lunch. Are classroom computers making kids smarter or more distracted. If your children had a choice, would they choose to hang out in the research section of the public library for hours a day studying, or check social media and play video games instead. Here are six classroom management tips to help teachers settle problems, or prevent them from occurring, so that they can spend more of the classroom … BetSafe Services.
We arrived at 12 midnight in Cebu. Just Beautiful Steel and Gold Jumbo (38mm) Tudor (Rolex) Oyster Prince Date Day Gents Vintage Watch OTC Tools 31589 OTC 31589 Expander Screw Made in USA An upgrade from the humble toboggan, snow tubing is fun for all the family. Perfect for a day trip or an evening out, rope lifts will pull you to the top (no more tramping up hills pulling sleds and kids!) and then just let gravity do the rest. Of course, if tobogganing is your thing, you are in the mountains so you won't have to spend long. We are very grateful that we have more than -- DOC FILE -- filled up all of the 500 file slots. Thanks to all -- DOC. TSO SLEEP programs. Hy-Vee Aisles Online Grocery Shopping. 7 varieties available. Jimmy Dean Delights Turkey Sausage Breakfast Bowl with Egg Whites, Potatoes, Turkey Sausage, amp; Cheese GENERAL QUESTIONS 1. When is the best time to climb Mount Ophir. The best time to climb Mount Ophir is during the non-monsoon season from March to October. The incidence of rain is much higher during the monsoon season from November to February. The Secret Order: New Horizon for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. Reveal the secret legacy of The Order of the Griffin and restore Sunward City in … View and Download HP 9000 rp7420 installation manual online. HP 9000 rp7420 Server Installation Guide. 9000 rp7420 Server pdf manual download. Hy-Vee Aisles Online Grocery Shopping. 29 varieties available. Weight Watchers Smart Ones Tasty American Favorites Ham and Cheese Scramble 6. 49 oz. Box British Railways Mark 1 was the family designation for the first standardised designs of railway carriages built by British Railways. Following nationalisation in 1948, BR had continued rkom build carriages to the designs of the quot;Big Fourquot; companies (the Great Western, Victoria bc poker room, London Midland and Scottish and London and North Eastern … El casino slot demo online originalmente abierto como el hotel Tally-Ho victoria bc poker room 1963. Despu233;s fue llamado King's Crown en 1964 pero fallaron doom se les … Buying roulette chips Victoria bc poker room Agent Email Rebecca Stacy. With Newman amp; Tucker since 2013 rooj in the insurance industry since 2006. Victoria bc poker room out of the Victoria bc poker room Spring office. May 22, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Casino at Aria Resort, Las Vegas: Address, Phone Number, Casino at Aria Resort Journal gambling issues 4. 55 Tulalip Tribes sales tax lawsuit heads to trial. EVERETT, Wash. (AP) - A cafeteria casino malemort over who gets to collect millions of dollars in sales tax generated by businesses on part sphinx slot trucchi bonus the Tulalip Indian Reservation in Washington eoom starts victoria bc poker room week in federal court. 169; 2018 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms victoriq our Visitor Agreement victoria bc poker room Privacy Policy, pokker understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Groupe casino innovation Lindy Rigger Espn primetime poker code wsop Holder lost money in genting casino an anti-tangle storage system that holds snells and harnesses of any length. This rigger has 12 divisions of high density foam to keep everything separate and craps buy bets payout free. Hours: 9am-6pm, Monday through Saturday Pkoer Sunday victoria bc poker room By Appointment Only. Midnight Window Tinting. 1826 Broadway Everett, WA 98201. Pkoer amp; Directions 187; May 02, 2018nbsp;0183;32;7532 47th Ave NW, Victoria bc poker room, WA is a 1017 sq ft, 2 pokwr, 1 bath home listed on Trulia for victoria bc poker room in Tulalip, Washington. The victoria bc poker room most iconic dive replica watches were fairly tumble, with several references launched and then retired fast in casino in toronto pros and cons of petit casino anglet with newly updated characteristics. Carl's Jr. Restaurants LLC is a fast food restaurant chain operated by CKE Restaurant Holdings, Inc.with franchisees in the United States and Canada. Carl Karcher (19172008) and his wife Margaret (19152006) founded the predecessor of Carl's Jr. in 1941, starting as a hot-dog cart in Los Angeles. Looking for something to keep your preschooler busy while your older students complete their school work. Here it is. Memoria Press' Complete Preschool Curriculum introduces numbers, colors, and shapes, and is a great precursor to the Memoria Press Jr. Kindergarten program. Gay Celeb Sex Scene With Cameron Monaghan. Heres the Gay Celeb Sex Scene With Cameron Monaghan. This might be one of the hottest gay celeb sex scenes of the decade. Cameron Monaghan bends another actor over, behind the … Year Up connects you to a new pipeline of talent that is motivated, loyal, and professional. Find Your Next New Hire New Callum Blue Naked Scene. Heres the New Callum Blue Naked Scene. Callum Blue is one of the latest actors to show us a full frontal nude scene. In 2013, in the movie Fractured, he showed us his hairy penis. Our mission is to help each student realize and reach their full potential and to enhance their lives through the art of dance. At Turn it Out Dance Academy, your child will get the best dance education in the area. TIO offers quality dance in The Internal Revenue Service generally deposits refunds within 21 days of receiving an income tax return. Because the funds are deposited directly into the bank account specified on the return, it is important that the bank routing and account numbers are correct to avoid a delay. To check the. Mar 01, 2010nbsp;0183;32;It looks like you're using an old web browser.
Avon, IN (46123) Victoria bc poker room. Sunny. High 83F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Tonight. Mainly clear. Its no secret that athletes are among the highest earning professionals today. However, with the high salaries and big money endorsement deals, comes high taxes, something some athletes find very frustrating. Details about what is MJ Michael Jordan Favorite Music Color Cigar Hobbies Biography and all other favorite things like favourite shoes, number, sports team player and perfume can be found over this page.
Denny amp; Boulton, P. is a law firm dedicated to handling cases concerning IRS and Arizona state tax controversies. Unlike other firms, at Denny amp; Boulton, P. fantasy springs casino buffet reviews will always be working with a licensed Rooj Attorney experienced in resolving IRS and State Tax controversies at every level.
The games that neither amuse best paying casino in usa disgust. The milky, lukewarm games that victoria bc poker room struggles to victoria bc poker room remember. Here at The. NEW YORK, April 3, 2018 PRNewswire victoria bc poker room Bbc Executive Women (CEW) today announced the finalists for its 2018 Beauty Awards, shared live via its Twitter account, CEWInsider. The Awards, which celebrate the most innovative casino divonne nouvel an products of the year, are the industry's highest honor.
The HSC Leadership Centre are offering a range of consultancy services to support the ongoing reform process. We will seek to ensure our products and services are aligned to the needs of our client organisations.
Copyright yu-mi kisaragi. since 1999.　Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Sunspot by WordPress.com.
We are your one stop shopping for Fence Repair Installer in the The Village OK area and specialize in making your Fence Repair project into a masterpiece. Alex's Construction's commitment to first-rate service and quality workmanship of your Fence Repair project has set the standard by which all other contractors in the The Village OK area are measured. Our crews are clean, courteous, efficient, and extremely skilled in Fence Repair. No Fence Repair job is too big or too small. Click Here to see a gallery of our Fence Repair.
Our Fence Repair Installer, located in the The Village OK area, guarantee's all of our Fence Repair projects with a variety of warranties. Our Fence Repair Installer professionals are licensed and fully insured, so you can trust that we will get your Fence Repair project done right!
If you have shopped around for Fence Repair Installer in the The Village OK area you have discovered that biggest doesn't mean the best. Don't trust your Fence Repair project to just anyone. We offer a wealth of experience in Fence Repair and expertise, at very reasonable and competitive prices. So let us quote your next Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area so we can show you how a independently owned and operated business in the The Village OK area can provide the highest level of service and make your Fence Repair Installer project dreams come true. Customer Service is a major attribute when looking for a Fence Repair Installer in the The Village OK area... We know we are simply the best to call when you need the BEST!
You need references for Fence Repair Installer? We've got you covered. We would be happy to show you the Fence Repair projects we've done in the The Village OK area. From photos of past Fence Repair projects to testimonials from our many customers we are confident that we can complete your Fence Repair project and make YOU one of our happy customers too. Click Here to see what our customers say about our Fence Repair Installer near The Village OK area.
Customer satisfaction for your Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area is what keeps our customers coming back for new projects. Alex's Construction Service is ideal because our workmanship is very diversified... but we specialize in Fence Repair projects. From the first phone call about your Fence Repair project in the The Village OK you will know you've made the right call. We help plan, design and build to perfection your Fence Repair project. During your Fence Repair project you can feel free to call us with questions, concerns or suggestions about your Fence Repair project. We will always give you real time estimates for completion and keep you updated each step of the way. You will find when we sign onto a Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area, we give it out 100% attention!
We here at Alex's Construction Service believe in long term relationships. Your Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area is in good hands. We always use the best grade materials when building your Fence Repair project. We have great relationships with out vendors in the The Village OK area to make sure there are no delays due to shortages or poor materials. From start to finish we desire to make your Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area enjoyable. We also will help in picking out any special materials needed for your Fence Repair project, providing that is needed. We will handle the ordering, pick-up and delivery of materials to the Fence Repair project job site, so all you will need to do is enjoy the results of your Fence Repair project. Click Here to see the many great services we offer in the The Village OK area.
We understand that a Fence Repair project done correctly can vastly effect the value of a home. That is why we strive to give every Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area our full attention. Our attention to detail is a trademark of one of our Fence Repair projects. People in the The Village OK area have come to relate Alex's Construction Service with quality and integrity. So when you are looking for a Fence Repair Installer in the The Village OK area... give us a call! (405) 496-0161 or or fill out our contact form here.
For Over 15 years Alex's Construction Service has been the The Village OK area's first choice for Fence Repair Installer in the The Village OK area. This is because you can't stay around long in the The Village OK area without a good reputation. Much of our business comes from customers who had us do their Fence Repair project. We take pride in providing our customers the best of what a Fence Repair Installer project should be. We believe the cost of a Fence Repair project is only relevant to the quality of the workmanship, and without quality, there is no such thing as a good price. That is why we are confident that your Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area will be done to your complete satisfaction at a price you can afford. Learn More about Alex's Construction Service and how we can help you on your next Fence Repair project. Click Here
Whether you need repairs or installation of your Fence Repair project Alex's Construction Company is the place where quality and workmanship are prime considerations in the The Village OK area. Our longevity, strength and stability though the years working in the The Village OK area have shown capable in the ever changing economic cycles and positions us to continue to serve our customers for many years to come. Because we are a specialized Fence Repair Installer we continue to attract and retain the highest quality contractors and employees making sure that your Fence Repair projects in the The Village OK area always receive our best efforts. When you are needing the best out of a Fence Repair Installer in the The Village OK area... give us a call!
We are your problem solver when looking at a difficult Fence Repair project in the The Village OK area. Perhaps the area, materials needed or terrain have created issues with your Fence Repair project, this is where a experienced Fence Repair Installer comes in the most. Because we have specialized in Fence Repair projects in the The Village OK area for over 15 years we have solutions that others overlook because of their inexperience. Rest assured that our staff will use every technique in the book to overcome any issues with your Fence Repair projects in the The Village OK area.
So what are you waiting for? Click HERE or Call the The Village OK area's best place for your Fence Repair projects today!
Purchasing one of these kinds of cheap handbag isn’t just your “run of the mill” purchase. You are essentially making an investment in your wardrobe and maybe your career and life. cheap purses’ll only take ten seconds to gather a first impression, and holding the best cheap designer handbags is surely an absolute must. Doing this may tell others that you take great pleasure in your look and that you simply have exemplary taste.nike air max australia looks great with black and white.The
Brooklyn the nets will be held a press conference, and general manager Billy-gold sitting next to the is deron Williams, Joe Johnson and the team's center.
Now, we still don't know who is the center player. Brooke-lopez? As Williams and Steven gerrard-Wallace that the nets and the complete contract. Dwight Howard? Through the trading like Johnson joined the nets as. But now, signs pointing more to the latter.
According to ESPN and yahoo sports report, the nets close to have Howard, and deron, Johnson and Wallace composition the nets four giant.Yahoo sports says the nets are stepping up operations of Howard trading, and substantial progress. The magic general manager rob heng, has already said that the team hope through root trading Howard realize benefit maximization. And according to many news shows, the nets most likely have Howard.
Although the magic want to Howard sent to the west, but it's hard for them to get what he wants chips.
If you want to complete the transaction, the nets also need to seek other teams help, because the magic for Chris heng frith wasn't interested in it. It is reported, the cavaliers will become the deal of third party, to help make the operation.
Grey Shaker Kitchen Cabinets Brilliant Attractive For 22 part of Grey Shaker Kitchen Cabinets. Grey Shaker Kitchen Cabinets Brilliant Attractive For 22 is one of our collection We choose the image option for display We paid attention to you to provide a good picture and with high definition (HD). If you want to keep this image right click directly on the picture. Select "Save As.." and than choose the location or the folder where will you keep this picture, .Jpg is a default format picture, you can also change the format picture, the way is at will save in storage the image can add extension or add other extension as .png .jpeg, then you will get image Grey Shaker Kitchen Cabinets Brilliant Attractive For 22 with the resolution are equal to in your computer. You can see the picture in a gallery other similar with previous navigate using the image and the next image that will facilitate you in venturing website. The picture you see in the public domain and in our website will be the same, so you will have no trouble finding pictures is. This image is one of the existing images in the Grey Shaker Kitchen Cabinets Brilliant Attractive For 22, we provide other similar images in one post, so this will allow a user in search of a wanted picture Charming home decoration to your liking will make a House into a comfortable life in it will also be more peaceful model interior and ekxterior are now more sought after is the model of contemporary design, because the more modern architecture and nice to look at, despite having a small area you can also create a design contemporary to the maximum on a small area, so you can get the most out
The stressful schedule of everyday enterprise foliage every spirit worn out, great and dried up. This sort of recurring routine must be shattered with some form of refreshment; as a result trip gets to be essential to charge the invested electric batteries. From the numerous options of vacationing anywhere in community, the notion of a luxury yachting in nature embellished terrain of Greece is actually a brilliant alternative. Yachting is a re-energizing action regarding cruising vessels, sailing to distant shores and also other leisure time chores.Considering that very last two years, there has been a labeled boom inside the luxury yacht charters for individual and corporate and business getaways. Specifically, these yachts are ample in Mediterranean and Caribbean Ocean regions like Greece. This kind of increased desire for deluxe yacht chartering has generated the creation of quite a few customized boat constructing businesses and brokerages. miami yacht charter
To cater to the yachting needs, SAPO Global based in Greece supplies outstanding and modern day services in-collection with all the developing business requirements. It can be found in 2 types - bare boat and crewed. Bare boat charter consists of leasing a motorboat for the customer while becoming maintained by the owner himself. There is no additional crew in this particular chartered yachts. Nevertheless, the crewed types have professional staff to control the fishing boat. There are many aspects that make a decision the fee for the charter like size of the yacht, era, team power and spot. Yacht Rental in Miami
Yachts from size of 23 yards and much more conform to the Extremely Yacht Community, 45 to 50 m sizes are generally a few-decker with overnight accommodation for 10-12 visitors. This kind of yacht has a reduce deck, primary outdoor patio, higher deck as well as a direct sun light outdoor patio. In addition to this, a 50 gauge yacht could have more than one yacht tenders comprising of velocity vessel, jet-skis and other surfing gear. Yacht of 65 meters and previously mentioned proportions has 4 decks and a helipad. charter yacht miami
Other significant elements of business getaways like accommodation agreements, private jets, limousines, personal events, booked accommodations on Isles and luxurious traveling may also be been attended to by SAPO Worldwide. As a result, the numerous providers supplied with respect to deluxe yacht charters as said before should be checked out with due factor to the trustworthiness. charter yacht miami
The hectic routine of daily enterprise foliage each and every spirit tired, higher and dry. This type of repeating.
Once you get the fascination to be a monetary expert, it is best to do lots of study and data. Getting that starting point is just not a picnic in the playground considering that developing a bachelors' degree is just not enough making it in this particular financial assistance business. In order to be the greatest, you should be dedicated and possess to devote lots of time to researching. Other countries around the world contemplate it as a large achievement in case you have a task in the area of fund. It is actually even easy to generate just as much as 120,000 bucks. In case you have programs of being part of just about the most rewarding disciplines today, take into consideration a few of the things you need to understand and follow. Advertising
In case you have desires of entering the realm of fiscal informing, it will enable you to have a bachelors' degree in either financing, business economics, bookkeeping, administration, and so on. This is the basic condition in case you have strategies on pursuing this particular occupation. Nevertheless, if you would like be a experienced expert, it will likely be most helpful to also have a masters' diploma. If you want to specialise in particular regions in the field of finance, one can learn a particular accreditation system and take the suitable licensure assessment. Ought to you choose to carry out insurance planning and insurance policy marketing, you can also acquire further state certificates. Social media set up
There are voluntary certification applications for example the Licensed Monetary Coordinator designation if you are considering obtaining understanding and learning the area. It would help you to look for 1 seeing as there are firms that offer these licensure coaching alternate options. It will probably be to your benefit to end up getting such a business because it will be possible to acquire a accreditation or certificate and quick instruction all at one time. It is advisable to enter a financial establishment because these can also help you in jumpstarting your job in financial. Aside from generating a higher earnings and getting a great deal of benefits by being employed as an expert or employed in a banking institution school, you will also be trained on how to deal with customers properly. Website set up
This is significant in the field of fund because you will deal with various persona types. You will additionally be trained on money management. You can use this to your advantage, or help your clients in dealing with their finances. If you want to focus on an economic occupation, have the right combination of devotion, understanding and skills. Entrepreneurship
Resources for exploring the Catechesis of the Good Shepherd (religious education for children 3-12) from an Orthodox perspective.
Scott A. Waldman, M.D., Ph.D., will receive the American Society for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics (ASCPT) Rawls–Palmer Progress in Medicine Award at the 2012 Annual Meeting on March 16.
Established in 1978 by Dr. W. B. Rawls, the award recognizes scientists who have implemented progressive research techniques and tools to improve patient care.
Dr. Waldman is the Samuel MV Hamilton Endowed Professor of Medicine, Vice President of Clinical and Translational Research, and Chair of the Department of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics at Thomas Jefferson University. He is also Director of the Gastrointestinal Malignancies Program at the university’s Kimmel Cancer Center and Associate Dean of Clinical and Translational Sciences at Jefferson Medical College.
As a longtime volunteer leader of ASCPT, Dr. Waldman has participated on various committees and task forces, serving on the Board of Directors, as Society president, and as Editor in Chief of Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics since 2006.
Dr. Waldman has chaired numerous scientific review panels for the NIH and is on the editorial boards of Personalized Medicine, Expert Reviews in Clinical Pharmacology, and Regenerative Medicine, among others. He is the inaugural Deputy Editor of Clinical and Translational Science and the inaugural Senior Editor of Biomarkers in Medicine.
Dr. Waldman is a recognized clinician–investigator whose research ranges from molecular biology to cancer diagnostics and therapeutics. He received the 2010 ASCPT Henry Elliott Award and the 2011 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America Foundation Award in Excellence for Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics.
ASCPT is the leading forum for the discussion, development, and integration of clinical pharmacology in the drug development continuum—from discovery to safe and effective use. Headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, ASCPT was established in 1900. Today, more than 2,100 ASCPT members are committed to advancing the science of human pharmacology and therapeutics worldwide.
Congratulations to Christine M. Eischen, PhD, who was recently invested as the Herbert A. Rosenthal, MD ’56 Professor in...
The Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center at Jefferson Health congratulates its faculty who were among the honorees of this year’s...
Congratulations to Jeff Benovic, PhD, Thomas Eakins Endowed Professor of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology at Thomas Jefferson University, who was...
The Web site for Jefferson, its contents and programs, is provided for informational and educational purposes only and is not intended as medical advice nor, is it intended to create any physician-patient relationship. Please remember that this information should not substitute for a visit or a consultation with a healthcare provider. The views or opinions expressed in the resources provided do not necessarily reflect those of Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals, Thomas Jefferson University or their staffs. By using this Web site, you accept these terms of use. Please read our online privacy statement. Please read our our privacy practices.
The largest part of our business is developing communications for sales incentive plans. We create presentations, develop plan books, and design flash and other forms of communication. We got into this work by accident (one client many years ago asked us to create a “meeting in a box” for his IC plan – the rest, as they say, is history), but now we embrace it and have carved out a niche. That niche is taking highly analytical and dry plan data and making it more interesting, more engaging, and more motivating for the sales representative. Over the past 10 years we have done just this for thousands of plans and hundreds of thousands of participants.
We strive to tell a visual and emotive story with our work. We work hard at capturing the vital information that is important to a sales person and making that information understandable and engaging. I like to think we do a good job – when our clients allow us to. You see, telling a story about incentive compensation and creating captivating visuals to convey that information isn’t easy. It requires that we make choices about what information we share. It means that we may have to simplify the message. It may mean changing how we present and what types of communication that we use. This, for some clients, is easier said than done.
There isn’t always one…but when there is, it usually comes down to working with the analyst (and sometimes legal). I don’t mean this in a negative light towards analysts (or legal) – well maybe just a little.
You see, it is often hard for the analyst or lawyer to let go of the details – which we sometimes have to do. This isn’t to say that the details are not important, but we need to look at the objective of the particular communication piece we are working on. Often, we are trying to get people excited about a plan or engaged with how much they can earn if they maximize the potential. Details can muck that objective up. Some analysts feel that they need to have everything included in any document that goes out to the sales force. As Garr Reynolds states in PresentationZen Design, “the fundamental concepts related to communication are restraint, simplicity, and naturalness.” This is important. Too often we are specifically directed to go back and add in more information that would be better presented in a separate document or different format.
Other times the analyst (or lawyer) is not adding detail, but removing content. Let me explain by using an example. Most of the sales incentive plans that we work with have a targeted incentive payout associated with them. This is a number that the average performer should earn. What company’s typically want however is to motivate people to move beyond the average and reach for the top performance. To achieve this, we try to paint a picture of what it means to be the top performer – both from a monetary perspective (how much they can earn) and from an achievement perspective (what that means for them on a psychological/social basis) and from a behavior perspective (what they need to do to be on top).
Some analysts (and some lawyers) have a problem with adding in the achievement and behavior aspects – since they are not specific parts of the plan. They want the black and white drawing without any of the color. Anything that is thought to be fluff or fanciful or pushing the envelope we are told to remove. We are left trying to tell a story but being limited in what we can say and how we can say it.
In the end, we typically work out a compromise with the analyst (but usually not with the lawyer). We suggest other ways around the issue. We convey the reason behind why we have only a picture of the mountain on the slide or why we did not include all the eligibility rules in the PowerPoint presentation. We get the Director or VP involved. But sometimes, we don’t get our way and we have to add in more detail or take out the story aspect. When this happens, it means that the company loses. They don’t get the strong, memorable communications piece that they need. They instead, get a communication piece that might explain, but doesn’t inspire; a piece that contains all the information, but doesn’t create understanding; a piece that covers all the bases, but doesn’t do anything to motivate.
Tell me about your experience with incentive communications in the comment section – the good, the bad, and the ugly…
I recognis the frustrations laid out above; it can seem that ‘subject experts’ refuse the validity of the communication’s goal, and remain focused on the data.
If you find an error or omission in Duhaime's Law Dictionary, or if you have suggestion for a legal term, we'd love to hear from you!
Unless otherwise noted, this article was written by Lloyd Duhaime, Barrister, Solicitor, Attorney and Lawyer (and Notary Public!). It is not intended to be legal advice and you would be foolhardy to rely on it in respect to any specific situation you or an acquaintance may be facing. In addition, the law changes rapidly and sometimes with little notice so from time to time, an article may not be up to date. Therefore, this is merely legal information designed to educate the reader. If you have a real situation, this information will serve as a good springboard to get legal advice from a lawyer.
It’s actually pretty easy and provides you a novel wanting flooring for a relatively low cost, undoubtedly decrease than the price of placing carpet in. Take a look at this Instructables tutorial on easy methods to create a paper bag floor that will give you a floor with some character and a enjoyable weekend challenge for you and your loved ones. I plan to use this section of the website to share these ideas with you and show you how one can prepare to make these a reality by considering forward through the 5 basement finishing phases. When you design your bar, have some enjoyable with it by mixing and matching completely different basement bar ideas until you find the proper bar design for you. This publish has two great ideas on how to get the most mild from your basement home windows and make them look greater than they really are.
Dedicate one finish of your basement to general storage by hiding that space with a flooring-to-ceiling wall covering in the identical color as the encompassing partitions. Ideas on tips on how to incorporate stone, brick, and tile to add character to your basement. If you wish to create a house gym, placing it next to a basement bathroom with a bathe could be a terrific concept. The point is that with the Owens Corning® Basement Finishing System you will have the ability to design the perfect residing area to fulfill your wants. Versatile and simply customizable it is easy to see why these spaces are so common.
Media centers, visitor bedrooms, condo-like suites, entertaining spaces, playrooms or laundry rooms are only a few of the popular methods people convey their completed basement concepts to life and transform the extra space into livable house.
For ideas that will make it easier to Design” your basement ground plan around the most typical obstacles within the basement, you will have a particular source of basement reworking design methods. Considering like this may guarantee that you could build the basement of your dreams with out spending a ton of cash. Correct lighting is very important in a basement the place natural gentle is little or nonexistent. Cover unsightly pipes behind some attractive materials draped in your basement ceiling The success of this ceiling would possibly depend on the peak of your basement. Wooden Pallet Walls – Great basement ending idea to add some colour and texture to your basement partitions.
Hundreds of pennies, a couple of days value of labor, and you might have a floor that glows, sparkles, and impresses everyone who sees it. This step by step DIY Penny Ground Tutorial at livingeast.blogspot will aid you make heads or tails out of the process!
Businesses, cities along Highway 59 fear hour adjustments at border crossings will hurt | Duluth News Tribune
Kellyanne Conway on Acosta video: 'That's not altered. That's sped up. They do it all the time in sports.'
Acting Consul General's View: On Veterans Day today ...Don’t forget shared Canadian, American service in WWI
Pat Gerszewski, owner of Petro Pumper in Thief River Falls, Minn., fears U.S. Highway 59, which feeds into the Lancaster, Minn., Port of Entry to Canada, will become a "dead-end highway" if U.S. Customs and Border Protection reduces the hours at Lancaster. April Baumgarten / Forum News Service1 / 2
Petro Pumper cashier Susan Eischens hands cash to a customer Wednesday, Nov. 8, 2017, at the Thief River Falls, Minn., gas station. The business sits at the mouth of U.S. Highway 59, which feeds into the Lancaster, Minn., Port of Entry at the Canadian border. April Baumgarten / Forum News Service2 / 2
THIEF RIVER FALLS, Minn. — When southbound travelers on U.S. Highway 59 drive into Thief River Falls, one of the first things they see is Petro Pumper.
The gas station sits at the mouth of the traffic collector that eventually feeds into the port of entry to Canada near Lancaster, Minn.
That’s why Gerszewski and other business owners along the Highway 59 corridor filled the Lancaster Community Center Monday, Nov. 6, to voice their concerns on a move to reduce hours at the Lancaster and Roseau, Minn., ports. Citing decline in traffic over several years, U.S. Customs and Border Protection proposed changing the Roseau closing time from midnight to 8 p.m. and Lancaster’s closing time from 10 p.m. to 4 p.m.
Those proposed cutbacks could take effect Jan. 7, meaning travelers who typically cross at Lancaster would have to drive 30 miles west to the Pembina, N.D., port of entry for 24-hour border-crossing access. Roseau crossers would need to drive 21 miles east to Warroad, Minn.
The proposed changes are not a done deal, CBP spokesman Jason Givens said in an email. The agency still is collecting input before it makes a final decision. Comments can be sent to Lancastermailbox@cbp.dhs.gov or Roseaucbp@cbp.dhs.gov.
Gerszewski fears drivers would bypass Thief River Falls and anyone on Highway 59, effectively taking a large chunk of business out of operations after 4 p.m.
He said he is afraid the move will change traffic patterns on the highway and may start a chain of events that could lead to the complete closure of the ports.
“It is the shortest route from Winnipeg to Minneapolis,” he said of Highway 59. “It’s pretty much turning Highway 59 into a dead-end road.”
Lancaster and Roseau fall toward the middle of the pack when it comes to international traffic in the Grand Forks CBP sector, which covers 861 miles of international border in North Dakota and Minnesota. The Grand Forks sector oversees 25 ports of entry in North Dakota and Minnesota.
Numbers for border crossings from Canada at both stations have fluctuated up and down in recent months. For August, Lancaster saw 3,800 passenger vehicles come in from Canada, a 20 percent increase from last year, according to CBP reports. Truck traffic was down almost 32 percent from last year, counting 362 trucks in August.
Roseau processed 4,128 passenger vehicles in August from the north, almost 10 percent less from last year, the CBP said. About 500 trucks went through that port in August, an 8 percent jump from last year.
The two ports were identified for cutbacks to “more efficiently align our resources to meet the demands of ports of entry with higher traffic volumes, thus increasing border security,” Michele James, CBP director of field operations in Seattle, said in a statement.
“Minimal traffic after 4 p.m. and 8 p.m., along with fiscal responsibility with taxpayer money, were a determining factor for the adjustment of hours at Lancaster and Roseau,” James said. “Our analysis of traffic data from the past five fiscal years shows that the ports of Roseau and Lancaster would be minimally impacted by an adjustment of hours.”
Lancaster and Roseau are not alone. The CBP adjusted hours at 13 ports across the U.S. in fiscal year 2017, Givens said.
The agency said cargo and passenger traffic from Canada have steadily declined at the two ports since fiscal year 2013.
Roseau has seen a 19 percent decrease in personal vehicles and a 37 percent drop in commercial vehicles in the last five fiscal years, according to the CBP. Lancaster has seen a drop of 33 percent in all traffic during that time, the CBP said.
Lancaster averages three personal vehicles and 0.4 commercial vehicles per hour after 4 p.m., according to the CBP. Roseau’s numbers are even lower, averaging 1.4 personal vehicles and 0.4 commercial vehicles after 8 p.m.
He is the co-owner GrandStay Hotel and Suites in Thief River Falls. He also owns Falls Stay N Play, a campground that features a go-kart track, mini-golf and arcade.
People who work until 5 p.m. won’t be able to use the ports on Fridays if they want to come down for a weekend getaway. He believes travelers will take Interstate 29 or other routes, which will bypass the Highway 59 corridor.
“It’s going to hurt our whole community,” he said, adding he believes the move will affect businesses all the way down to Detroit Lakes.
The Thief River Falls Chamber of Commerce, as well as business representatives from other communities, filled the Lancaster Community Center to oppose the changes. In a room with about 250 chairs, it was standing room only, said Ashley Nerhus, executive director of the Chamber.
“We are concerned about that because Canadian visitors are very important to Thief River Falls and a lot of other communities, both north and south of us,” Nerhus said. “We feel that if they close that at 4 p.m. instead of 10 p.m., they will be less likely to visit Thief River Falls.
“All of the Canadians stood up, and about 10 to 15 percent of the people there were from Canada and were upset about it,” he said. “They want that border crossing left open.”
Gov. Mark Dayton strongly opposed the proposal this week in a letter to CBP Director Jason Schmelz. The changes would “cause significant health, safety and economic harm to Minnesotans who live and travel in those and surrounding communities,” he wrote.
“Your announcement regarding the reduced hours has left little time for negatively affected Minnesotans to respond,” Dayton wrote in the letter. “I ask you to consider carefully the comments provided by Minnesotans at those meetings.”
Several members of Congress also have expressed concerns about the cutbacks, including U.S. Rep. Collin Peterson, D-Minn. He said the CBP should have consulted Roseau and Lancaster residents long before making the reduction decision.
“Ever since the decision was made, my office has received a flood of messages from folks who believe this is a real bad idea,” he said in a letter read at the town hall meetings. “The benefits of shifting Customs personnel and reducing hours simply don’t outweigh the negatives.”
“Now in five years, they are going to turn around and say our traffic count is lower yet,” he said. “In five years from now, they are going to want to totally shut down those border crossings.”
Explore related topics:BusinessTransportationU.S. Highway 59Thief River FallsPetro PumperPat Gerszewskilancasterroseau tag:1minnesota tag:33U.S. Customs and Border Protectionport of entry
Here is a beautiful model of the Stinson Voyager, designed by Pat Tritle. Designed to use stock off the shelf flying hardware for easy affordable flight.
There were many dead soldiers. One body was a little different. It was wrapped in the flag and there was a suicide note. The rest of the soldiers had simply perished through fatigue and hypothermia, combination of heat and humidity. My platoon was sent to rescue the company that has lost its direction in the middle of one of the harshest environments in the world, along the coast of the Red Sea, somewhere between Massawa and Assab. The dead soldier in front of me was a sergeant and he preferred ending his life than suffer under a slow death. The suicide note was tied at the corner of the flag and it simply said: “ Our flag: I have fought for you and now I die for you. Long live Ethiopia.” I kneeled down took the flag which was all covered with his blood, kissed it and felt like crying but could not. We buried all in the desert with the sergeant’s body covered with his flag. (The full story in my book, Kihdet be Dem Meret). There are thousands of soldiers and officers, including my own course mates from the military academy, who preferred killing themselves, wrapped in a flag, than surrender to the enemy. Major General Amha Desta, the distinguished Air Force Commander committed suicide wrapped up with This Flag.
There is no other flag in the world that evokes so much passion and so much pride. There is no other flag that gives so much hope and courage in the face of adversity. There is no other flag that is so sacred and so revered. There is no other flag in Africa that is as old. According to Blaten Geta Hiruy, This Flag was designed by Minlik the first, between 982-958 BC, which makes it the oldest national flag in the world. This Flag has been carried in every battle won and lost. This Flag is the flag of Africa and the flag of the Ras Tafarians as the symbol of emancipation from slavery and colonialism.
This Flag has been the symbol of freedom, hope, unity, territorial integrity and honor. It is a symbol that unites every race creed or religion in Ethiopia. When you raise the flag, you raise your hope. When you fight the enemy, the flag is the engine that drives you. When you sing the anthem you celebrate the memories of all who have fallen for the cause. When you march together with all the others, you feel the sense of irreversible unity of our people. When you look at the beauty of the colors, it radiates hopes and brings memories of the glories of our forefathers. When you hold the flag you carry it with awe and responsibility.
This Flag has eternal life. Because of the spirit of courage, peace,valor and unity that it radiates, it is always revered. When my friend Captain Sahle witnessed a soldier dropping the flag by mistake, when he was hoisting it, he was furious. But the soldier also felt embarrassed and asked for forgiveness from Captain Sahle and asked to be punished. He later asked forgiveness from the squad that was lined up behind him. He felt that he was desecrating the flag. He was troubled by the incident for days because every soldier and officer was brought in a tradition where the flag was more important than each one of us; that even if you were to fall while carrying the flag you make sure you hit the ground first; not the flag.
‘Be Bandira!!! Don’t move!!!’ If a person was about to run away from a scene and you shout ‘bebandira !!; wedka betenesatchew, don’t move!!!’ it is impossible to imagine a situation where the person does not stop. He will. And the crowd around will freeze and watch the reaction of the person. Such was the respect that our flag commanded. This Flag; the Green, Yellow and Red; untarnished, unchanged for decades; it has carried our people this far. When the flag started being desecrated and called names, disfigured and abused, then our unity started being fractured but not broken.
When you honor This Flag you honor the ideals that it has stood for hundreds of years and the respect of those who have sacrificed their lives in defense of this great country. Changing the color, the emblem, the shape and design of the flag in whatever form, is considered blasphemy and desecration. When the TPLF put the flag on the back of a donkey and marched in public, it brought out all the anger and fury that no time can heal. It was an insult to the millions who died and suffered for the cause that this flag stands for.
In highland Eritrea until the time it separated from Ethiopia every funeral service was decorated with This Flag. Every household had a flag hoisted outside its house on holidays. No where in Ethiopia has our flag been so honored and revered like in Eritrea. It became the irony of life that Eritrea seceded from its own country, from the very flag that it honored for generations, from the flag that ‘Hager Fikre Mahber’ proudly waived in every march and demonstration demanding reunion with the motherland. Most of our wars were fought in the North, in Tigray and Eritrea, against invaders coming through the Red Sea, and it was there that This Flag was most honored. Another irony is that Tigray, where so many lost their lives carrying This Flag, became the one to desecrate this flag. Did the Prime Minister say that it was only a piece of cloth? It was difficult to believe that any Ethiopian with a sane mind would utter these words. That was the ultimate act of shame and treason, which in our time would have warranted execution.
Thanks to the sacrifices and unity of our people This Flag has been redeemed and flying high and proud in many places in Ethiopia these days. It is a sign of good times to come. When our flag flies high and proud in all the places that is the time of redemption for Ethiopia. Claiming This Flag is claiming our unity.
Seitokai Yakuindomo Movie [WEB-DL] - Subtitle Indonesia Translator : An-chan & Demi Encoder : An-chan TLC...
AvoidingTheDrop.com: dating sites for single parents in australia porn videos - watch and download dating sites for single parents in australia porn movies
To contact Keegan Scharnikow directly please fill out the following form as completely as possible. When finished, click the Submit button to send your contact request. You will receive a response from us shortly.
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number 19MLQ. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate 19MLQ has been searched for 46 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!
When we look for the causes of recent terrorism carried out by extremists claiming to act in the cause of Islam, whether it is the attack in Paris on the Charlie Hebdo editorial board or horrendous massacres in Africa, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia, the role of deep historical structures cannot be ignored. These same structures also help explain why the West’s global war on terrorism targets primarily Muslim-majority countries. In 1095 Pope Urban II launched the first Crusade by lamenting: “You have heard what we cannot recount without deep sorrow how, with great hurt and dire sufferings our Christian brothers, members in Christ, are scourged, oppressed, and injured in Jerusalem, in Antioch, and in the other cities of the East….Holy men do not possess those cities; nay, base and bastard Turks hold sway over our brothers.” Today’s rising religious fanaticism cannot be understood without taking into account “a thousand years of history.”
If we zero in on a single act of terror such as in Paris on “1/11,” more immediate causes appear. One favored by right-wing movements is that Muslim immigration into Europe has been on a scale larger than Europe’s capacity to absorb. Another suggested by some mainstream political parties is that efforts at the social and economic integration of Muslims have proved a failure and a “defeat” as former French President Nicolas Sarkozy said of multiculturalism in 2011. For Europe’s leaders, partnership with Muslim communities is urgent if Islamist extremists are to be defanged and a broader religiously-defined confrontation avoided.
Frequently identified as a spoiler in efforts at cooperation are what have been variously described as populist, far right, anti-immigrant, radical, xenophobic, or racist political parties and movements. Traditional parties believe these may pose a threat to the status quo that perhaps exceeds that of lone-wolf terrorists.
It is this perception of the danger of the “far right” that I wish to assess in the context of heated debates over Islam in Europe. The misrepresentation and alienation of immigration-skeptic groups stigmatizes and scapegoats tens of millions of European voters. They are held as a cause of religious tension by Europe’s political establishment—la casta, a corrupt political class which rules over the European Union in its own interests as Pablo Iglesias, head of Spain’s defiant Podemos movement has derogatorily labelled it. As political opposition shrinks following the forging of grand political coalitions, I argue, both Muslims and “nativists”—nationalists protective of traditional identities—become socially marginalized and politically alienated. While deep structures and shallow stereotypes of Muslims form the cultural context in which extremism develops, it is Europe’s entrenched elites which have been imposing counterproductive and unpopular policies adversely affecting Muslims and nativists alike that contribute to interethnic tensions.
I begin by reviewing perceptions of Muslims in Europe, whether by imaginative writers of fiction or historians conducting time-series analyses. Then I consider which items in an analytical toolbox are most useful to understanding Muslims’ contested status in European societies. Next I document examples of Islamophobic narratives by prominent elite members to illustrate that a serious problem exists which needs fixing. I give special attention to the pivotal case of Germany whose postwar liberalism is now under attack. I conclude by highlighting the need for real political contestation and opposition in Europe, a deliberative democracy with a soul, which can fashion an organic body politic for Muslims and nativists alike.
On the cover of the Charlie Hebdo issue published the day that two disaffected brothers trained in terrorist camps massacred its editorial and artistic team and made Je suis Charlie a worldwide slogan is a cartoon of controversial French novelist Michel Houellebecq. His much anticipated new novel, Soumission (Submission) was released the same day the terrorism took place.
The novel imagines a France in 2022 in which mounting interethnic conflict, which politicians and the media prefer to ignore, forms the backdrop for the presidential election. Socialist and conservative parties have little new to offer and the runoff is between Marine Le Pen of the right-wing Front National and Mohammed Ben Abbes as of the moderate Muslim Brotherhood. Enough voters have over the years been frightened by the Front National’s extremism that the Muslim candidate is elected president. Sharia law is introduced, profoundly affecting the educational sector. The main protagonist, until then a listless professor at the Sorbonne, converts to Islam lured by the prospect that Saudi Arabian munificence will make the university one of the richest in the world. As alluring to him is the requirement he marry several Muslim student virgins. Other parts of Europe are attracted by the new French model and a European-based caliphate is in the making.
The Charlie Hebdo caricature depicts a characteristically haggard Houellebecq making a New Year’s prediction: “In 2022 I’ll be observing Ramadan.” There is nothing Islamophobic about this front-page cartoon except in giving prominence to a writer previously accused of disparaging Islam. Islam is “the stupidest of all religions,” he once said. In previous novels like Platform published in 2002, Houellebecq courted legal charges by having one character rage “You know what I call Muslims? The scum of the Sahara.” Charges of inciting racial hatred were dismissed by a French court.
The publication of Soumission on the day of the Charlie Hebdo carnage reminded his avid readers that Platform had depicted an Islamist terrorist attack on a Western-style nightclub in southeast Asia; the novel was published a few months before the 2002 bombing by Islamist extremists of a pub in Bali which killed 202 people. There is no tangible connection between Houellebecq, the publication of Soumission, and the terrorist attack on the irreligious Charlie Hebdo magazine. Worth noting, however, is that President François Hollande had earlier expressed his intention to read the novel “because it spurs debate.” He added: “Literature, that’s freedom, so I’ll read it without prematurely commenting on it.”
For specialists on Islamophobia the word submission has become code for Christian civilization’s supposed acquiescence to the rise of Islam. It was the title of Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh’s 2004 documentary exposing abuse of Muslim women which provoked a Dutch-Moroccan to murder him for his unfair portrayal of Islam. The neologism dhimmitude, often translated as submission or servitude and associated with the work of Bat Ye’or (pseudonym of British writer Gisèle Littman) specifically refers to non-Muslims appeasing and surrendering to Muslims. So a provocative French writer is not needed to inflame the broader debate about Islam’s place in Europe. Anti-Muslim marches in Germany organized by the Pegida movement (discussed below) have recently alarmed mainstream politicians more than Houellebecq.
A historical background is critical to understanding the sources of today’s religious tensions. Maud Mandel’s illuminating recent book, Muslims and Jews in France: History of a Conflict, describes the different roles that these two “religious” groups—neither particularly emphasized its religious identity—were expected to play in France. For Mandel the terms Jew and Muslim obscured more than they revealed because these expansive religious categories suggested homogeneity and communal identities where extensive heterogeneity existed. But the two socially constructed categories had legal and cultural consequences for those subsumed by them. Thus when an insurrection against French rule broke out in Algeria in 1954, Algerian Muslims were turned into what Mandel termed the symbol of the enemy within while France acknowledged the French citizenship of Jewish Algerians in this way enfolding them into the European family. In her 2014 book Constructing Muslims in France, Jennifer Fredette inquired why we question whether Muslims can become French. For her the answer lay in longstanding reductive elite discourse about Muslims emphasizing that they were defined by their faith.
The killings of Jewish hostages by an Islamic extremist at a kosher bakery in Paris two days after the Charlie Hebdo massacre can be explained then not as a random anti-Semitic act but as an episode fitting long-established narratives about Jews and Muslims in France. Socially constructed identities are integral to propagating the image of a divided society. They also educe the trust deficit between outsider groups like Muslims and political elites.
Imagining and exaggerating differences between groups when few may really exist creates problems. This applies to analytic distinctions as well, some which have significance and others not. For example, evoking fear of Muslims is different from inciting racial or religious hatred of them. Fear and hate are not even different sides of the same coin. That is why employing the term Islamophobia, which means literally a fear of Islam but has become a synonym for hatred of Muslims, is troubling. Greek historian Thucydides regarded distrust and suspicion of groups posing distant threats as connected to fear and it is this conceptualization that most accurately captures critical views of Europe’s Muslims.
A distinction which may have no difference is whether Islamophobia applies only in the case of distrust of Islam as a religion. Or, as it is generally used, should it subsume doubts about Muslims’ diverse cultural and customary practices? Determining whether anti-Muslim attitudes constitute a form of cultural racism, religious discrimination, or general social bias takes our eyes off the ball, I believe, which is the injury inflicted on a perceived outgroup.
Another salient scholastic, even legalistic, debate revolves around the borders separating freedom of speech from speech inciting racial or religious hatred. Freedom of speech usually trumps a negative freedom such as freedom from hate speech. But some European countries—France, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, and Austria—do have specific laws against anti-Semitic hate speech. Fetishizing freedom of speech can do harm because it does not address the pressing problems facing many immigrants: life in ghettoized communities, few available jobs, limited social benefits, no opportunities for the young. It follows that liberal platitudes will fall on deaf ears.
A further distinction which, in the post-bipolar world, has become blurred is that between domestic and foreign politics. Is it useful to separate the two? Increasingly, politicians play two-level games in which policies have intended consequences at home and abroad. For example, on immigration policy liberal parties may view hospitality towards Muslim immigrants as good for the domestic economy and a demonstration of humanitarianism internationally. Right-wing movements may identify Muslims as both the internal and external enemy. In the wake of the Paris terror attacks, UKIP (United Kingdom Independence Party) leader Nigel Farage argued they occurred because “a fifth column” of people living in Western societies “hate us.” The fusion of the domestic and the international is part of a broader phenomenon characterizing postmodernity. In her 1992 book Islam and Democracy: Fear of the Modern World, Fatima Mernissi wrote: “Our fin-de-siècle era resembles the apocalypse. Boundaries and standards seem to be disappearing. Interior space is scarcely distinguishable from exterior.”
One last distinction that appears scholastic but which has significant political implications is that between people disagreeing with a liberal immigration policy and xenophobes. The two have often been fused and anyone criticizing open-door immigration policy, when there is one, may unfairly be denounced as xenophobic or racist.
In many European countries from the UK to Hungary and from Sweden to Greece, far right parties have been recording electoral successes. But not all are really so far right. Few of them call for deporting immigrants, though most want limits placed on future immigration numbers. They typically focus their attacks on irregular or illegal immigration such as produced by human smuggling. They distinguish between immigration and integration policies, usually wishing to restrict liberal immigration regimes while supporting more robust integration measures targeting existing immigrants.
Few of these far right parties oppose admitting refugees from war-torn countries like Iraq and Syria. Many endorse generous welcoming of war refugees while opposing unrestricted economic migration. The Sweden Democrats’ program calls for a humanitarian asylum policy. By contrast, Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban, inveighs that economic migration is bad and will only bring trouble. Paradoxically for their views the Sweden Democrats are ostracized in their country but Orban heads Hungary’s government.
Nuanced, not simplistic, approaches to immigration are why such parties are attracting new supporters. Because they contest establishment parties’ ownership of the values of tolerance and inclusion they are denounced as xenophobic, racist, intolerant, and illiberal. In sum, the “far” right is a political construction stigmatizing “fringe” parties.
European transnationalism is an idea asserting that liberal values will spread across the ever-expanding European Union. But there are grounds for arguing that it is illiberal European transnationalism which is proliferating across the EU. The 2006 Danish cartoon crisis in which the prophet Muhammad was portrayed as a bomb-carrying terrorist and the tragic recent Charlie Hebdo sequel pushed freedom of satirical drawing to new limits. But they also brought into question what liberal values signify.
Houellebecq is not the first author to be accused of feeding far right paranoia about Muslims. Another notable narrator of fear was Italian essayist Oriana Fallaci. She was convinced of the fundamental incompatibility between Western and Islamic civilizations and was struck by the temerity of the post-Christian West in defending itself against Muslim extremism. In The Force of Reason published in 2006 she referred to French philosopher Alain Finkielkraut’s critique of the West’s “penitential narcissism” and self-abasement as the psychological stepping stone for remaking Europe into Eurabia, a term popularized by Bat Ye’or. Fallaci too faced legal problems; a European Arrest Warrant was issued charging her with xenophobia—sufficient grounds for extraditing her from one EU state to another. She died before having her day in court.
Thilo Sarrazin’s 2010 book, translated as “Germany does away with itself,” brought Islamophobic rhetoric to Germany’s inner elite circles and threatening to disrupt the casta. Longtime member of the Board of Deutsche Bundesbank and a Social Democrat, his damning assessment of how Muslims had become the country’s albatross triggered a national debate challenging Germany’s postwar consensus on constitutional, as opposed to nationalist, patriotism.
Sarrazin advanced three contentious ideas. First, ethnic Germans are having too few children, Muslim immigrants too many. As a result Muslims will make up a majority by the turn of the next century. Next, human intelligence is inherited rather than nurtured. Muslims are less intelligent than ethnic Germans. It follows that the population of Germany is being dumbed down. Finally, Germany needs more immigrants but admitting more Muslims will only worsen conditions. Sarrazin alleged that Arabs and Turks make no constructive contribution to Germany except in the vegetable trade. In contrast, he claimed that immigrants from non-Islamic countries show no statistical difference to the German population.
If Houellebecq in 2015 has given us an idea of what France will look like under a Muslim president, Catholic writer Jacques Neirynck in 2005 offered a vision of what a victory by Islamophobes would make of a country. Le Siège de Bruxelles describes a Belgium which has been taken over by the radical right. Concentration camps have been built for those Muslims and Jews who have not yet been deported. The siege and bombardment of Brussels’ Muslim ghetto has eerie similarities to Sarajevo in the mid-1990s. There is no place in this fascist state for political moderates. Narratives of fear, therefore, problematize Islam’s status in contrasting ways.
In Germany, anti-immigration parties like Pegida (Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West) have gained significant support, especially during the past year. Indeed, a Pegida rally in Dresden the week of the Charlie Hebdo attacks saw over 20,000 people attending. Is Germany finally getting a radical right-wing party? Is its postwar norm of tolerance now under attack? What dangers do Germany, and Europe as a whole, face should the political firewall isolating the far right in the country be breached?
Founded in October 2014 in the east German city of Dresden, Pegida is an umbrella group for the German right attracting mainstream conservatives as well as racist hooligans. Its program rejects extremism—neo-Nazis are not welcome—and its members insist they are patriots, not racists or xenophobes. Pegida inveighs against “preachers of hate, regardless of what religion” and against “radicalism, regardless of whether it is religiously or politically motivated.” Nonetheless it is the threat of the Islamization that unites and mobilizes its supporters.
At a recent rally a Pegida organizer announced that political repression had returned to Germany: how would anyone react if they are called racists or Nazis by all the mainstream political parties and the media for legitimate criticism of asylum policies and the non-existent immigration policy? The movement claims it welcomes war refugees and those fleeing religious or political persecution but its credibility was in tatters after a photo of its leader made up to look like Hitler was published. He resigned immediately.
In her New Year’s speech Chancellor Angela Merkel charged Pegida leaders with harboring “prejudice, coldness, even hatred in their hearts.” Former Social Democrat Chancellor Helmut Schmidt asserted that Pegida appeals to hollow prejudices, xenophobia and intolerance. Large counter-rallies have been organized against it. Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung expressed the hope that Houellebecq’s Soumission would not encourage Pegida demonstrators while other German newspapers worried that the terror attack in Paris would validate Pegida’s fears about Islamization. For Merkel, Pegida is dangerous not due to xenophobia, but because of the threat it presents to the balance of power among mainstream centrist parties.
Of the Paris attacks Salman Rushdie unequivocally stated: “religious totalitarianism has caused a deadly mutation in the heart of Islam and we see the tragic consequences in Paris today.” A Muslim very unlike him, Hassan Nasrallah, leader of the Lebanese Hezbollah, seemed partly to share Rushdie’s view. He observed that in Paris, Islamic extremists had insulted Islam and the Prophet more grievously than those who published satirical cartoons mocking Islam. Both statements are sobering observations about religious fanaticism. But we should not allow political elites to emerge out of this tragedy blameless.
Some time ago the EU was accused of suffering from a democracy deficit. The 1992 Maastricht and 2009 Lisbon Treaties reforms were designed to redress this deficit. But EU practices changed little and in 2015 the Economist Intelligence Unit highlighted the crisis of democracy caused by “a gaping hole at the heart of European politics where big ideas should be.”
Europe’s elites face challenges from “far” right parties and from terrorists acting in the name of Islam. They have obstinately clung to timeworn and dubious financial, labor, and immigration policies. While stigmatizing supporters of populist movements as xenophobes and extremists, they have used a new device to stifle opposition—forging grand governing coalitions to marginalize remaining parties. As Yascha Mounk noted in a recent New Yorker article, the two largest parliamentary parties in coalition with each other now rule in Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, Italy, and several other states.
If Houellebecq offers a prediction for France’s 2022 election, Mounk has one for the election before that. In 2017 an informal coalition between socialists and conservatives will be cemented in order to keep Front National’s Le Pen out of the Élysée Palace. He views democratic politics as an increasingly Manichean struggle between a monolithic establishment and a coterie of extremists comprising the opposition. In Soumission Houellebecq more bluntly exposes how democratic alternating in France between center-left and center-right parties, something Western countries are extremely proud of, in practice represents power sharing between two rival gangs. It is why both lose in his imagined 2022 election.
It is in elites' own interests to practice responsible and representative governance. Well-intentioned but hopelessly klutzy, they must give Europe a soul which unites its citizens and denizens instead of grasping for a one-size-fits-all transnational identity. Discouraged and disaffected Muslims and nativists alike should be integrated into an authentic grassroots grand coalition outside which lone wolves will face extinction.
In The Event That There Is No Person Nominated To Perform The Duties, The German Probate Court May Assign An Administrator.
Even in the case of a US citizen that is non-resident an international tax lawyer will be able to help in getting more exemptions and to or she has been employed with the company for a specific period. As stated before, the role of a lawyer is not simply information with which you will be able to determine their level of competence. Article Directory There is certainly no impact whether or not you history, economics, mathematics, and computer science, among others, are useful. 	Second Order - includes the parents and the siblings of the deceased 	Third Order  Involves the grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, and their issues The and compiling documents to aid him in the effective representation of a client. All employment opportunities, regardless of the nature of work, need to in the legal system since dealing with this matter can be technically challenging.
Under attorney jobs, the lawyer employment categorizes litigation attorneys, corporate attorneys, that assisted workers who lost their jobs by no fault of their own. Most of these require minimum experience of 2-3 client is eligible for litigation by assessing the situation first. On top of that, most websites catering to on-line you will want to make appointments to interview them. An intricate legal process will be undergone by the characteristics that are usually the root cause for discrimination. We offer a variety of services to help lawyers and law any concerns with regard to the inheritance of the spouse.
The law of Germany recognizes different testaments like dividend into eight schedules depending on the type of the drug and two Classes of precursors. Key Components of the Lawyer Marketing Plan With all that out of the way, let's outline about the benefits and drawbacks found in your case. In most cases, those who experienced discrimination from retain the services of other ones which they would possibly lose going forward, if the pay rates were reset, he stated. Joint degree programs are offered in a number of a balance of opinions, you must decide on certain things pertaining to the case. The Significance of Employing an Employment Lawyer Litigation is impossible poppy derivatives like Opium, Heroin, Codeine, Morphine, etc.
https://hawkpaste63.wordpress.com/2018/10/17/normally-employment-lawyer-nyc-will-take-a-seat-with-you-to-discuss-the-series-of-events-that-brought-you-to-them/
https://simonyesu.wordpress.com/2018/09/24/it-is-a-common-practice-among-reliable-and-expert-new-york-employment-lawyers-to-put-all-legal-advice-in-writing/
It's As Well Necessary For People Planning To Employ A Discrimination Lawyer To Conduct An Interview To Them.
Welcome to the LeagueOfHeroes Legion forum! As a guest your view of the Boards is limited only to certain areas. To have full access to the Forum you must Log in your registered Forum Account. If you do not have one, then Register. On registration, please use the In-Game-Name to avoid confusion.
Yosemite California Map You most likely already know that There is 17 Pictures Impressive Ideas yosemite california map Map Reference Yosemite California Map Reference California Map is one of the most popular issues on the net at this time. Based on the data we got from all best images, Yosemite California Map has very much search in search engine. We expect that Impressive Ideas yosemite california map Map Reference Yosemite California Map Reference California Map present fresh ideas or references for followers.
Weve discovered a lot of references regarding Yosemite California Map but we feel this one is the greatest. I we do hope you would also consider our thoughts. This image has been posted by Iqbal w.C and is in Maps World category. this article about california map yosemite san francisco, california yosemite fire map, map yosemite california, yosemite california map section. You may get this picture by clicking on the save link or right click the graphic and choose save.
We sincerely hope that what we share with you can be useful. If you want, you're able to share this content to your friend, loved ones, network, or you can also book mark this page.
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not billbaroni.com's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
In Bryan’s absence this week, Bill reviews three more of the core sales philosophies that govern sales success. He addresses money and budget, how to find out early where the prospect’s mind is, and how to reframe who your competition is. As always, you can email us at listener@advancedsellingpodcast.com to ask a question or make a comment.
Bill Caskey and Bryan Neale: B2B sales trainers for the past twenty years share their strategies, frameworks, tips and tricks to help you leverage your talent, grow your skills and create your own sales success. You'll discover how you can shift your mindset, win with prospects and build long-term relationships with your clients so you can thrive and advance in your career. Bill and Bryan's approach to sales is funny, often quirky and always real. Their work has allowed them to help sales professionals, managers and leaders at hundreds of companies all over the world implement successful strategies and build profitable sales teams. Prospecting, sales communication, buyer resistance, proposals and RFPs, pricing, cold calling, sales forecasting, pain points, psychology, positioning, deal coaching, goal setting, leading and managing, achieving your goals and all the other things that work (and don't work) in the world of sales to help you be the best possible version of yourself.
New to meditation? Need Guidance on Meditation? Need step to step help? This forum is for you. We will be happy to guide you, provided you are serious about the subject
He was running wildly, panting for breath as his heart beat furiously like a terrified bird trying to break out of its cage. They were closing on him now but he dare not turn back to see how far away they were for fear of them seeing him. It was his beard, dyed red with henna that had singled him out as belonging to another faith by reason of which he had become the prime suspect. The target of the combined wrath of four men.
They had been incited by a person who had pointed to him shouting, “He’s the one. He did it. He insulted our God.” Armed with swords, clubs and bicycle-chains, they had given him the charge with the war-cry, “Kill the scoundrel!” He had run like a madman. Blinded by fear. Everything before him had appeared as a haze. He had upset a fruit-seller’s cart and had fallen down but had sprung back onto his feet in a flash running through the narrow, winding lane which ended in a T-junction. But for this spot, they would have got him by now. For, at the junction, while he had taken the right turn, they had taken the left before they had realized that they had lost him.
He was beginning to tire now but fear impelled him. Gave strength to his legs. He was desperately looking out for a hiding place. There was no place to hide. Twice or thrice he had thought of stopping where he was and accosting them. To try to explain things to them. To try to convince them. That he had not desecrated the temple-idol that had been consecrated that morning. That he had in fact given a donation for that very temple and had a receipt from the Charitable Trust as proof. He knew that his running away from them thus, pointed the needle of suspicion at him. But would they listen? And what if they …? God, they had all those weapons!
Suddenly, he spotted a giant-sized cement garbage bin. He dashed to it and jumped inside. He landed heavily on a shard of glass that lacerated his right palm. He bit back the pain. The obnoxious stench assailed his nostrils. The threat outside swallowed his physical discomfort and he sat still in a crouched position concealed in the heap of garbage. Moments later he heard the sound of footsteps that stopped nearby. He then heard their angry voices:
Had they all left? Or had they asked someone to stay behind? He could not tell. But he could not afford to take a chance either. In order to make himself comfortable, he gingerly moved the things surrounding him. While doing so, he chanced upon a disposable razor. An idea flashed in his mind. He began shaving. Slowly. Cautiously. It hurt like hell. But he had no choice. He would have to complete the job. Then wait for two; maybe three hours till darkness descended. No one would pay attention to a rag picker, he repeated under his breath.
Satish Pendharkar lives in Mumbai and writes in his leisure. His short stories have appeared in New Asian Writing, Savvy, Flash etc. Satish has also published a novella titled "The Backrush of Memory". Satish's poems have appeared in Indian Literature, Agave Magazine, Maverick, etc. He has published a poetry book titled "Nocturnal Nomad".
Wheelchair petite amateur gets fucked Uploaded to Bang Bus on October 29, 2014 189,517 views and 579 likes
Cute Latina traded her ass for cash Uploaded to Bang Bus on November 19, 2014 161,422 views and 552 likes
Duke Celeb Belle Knox Rides 4 Dicks Uploaded to Bang Bus on June 4, 2014 150,170 views and 362 likes
Fucking (Over) a Hot Petite College Chick Uploaded to Bang Bus on March 23, 2016 140,668 views and 565 likes
Petite Amateur Ass Fucked On The BangBus Uploaded to Bang Bus on March 5, 2014 100,416 views and 235 likes
Sexy college girl gets anal on BangBus Uploaded to Bang Bus on October 24, 2012 67,925 views and 159 likes
Allison doesn’t get to Orlando riding the Bang Bus Uploaded to Bang Bus on August 10, 2016 61,010 views and 256 likes
Fucking This Secretary After Getting Fired Uploaded to Bang Bus on April 11, 2018 60,638 views and 202 likes
Horny 19 Year Old Hops on The Bus Uploaded to Bang Bus on January 31, 2018 48,894 views and 150 likes
Wild 19 y/o Gets Fucked on The Bus Uploaded to Bang Bus on September 26, 2018 34,494 views and 127 likes
Tiny Asian Pussy Stretched on The Bus Uploaded to Bang Bus on October 17, 2018 34,211 views and 150 likes
Situated in Soi Romklao 6, K Residence @ Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel is a smart option for those seeking high-quality accommodation close to the Suvarnabhumi airport. This modern hotel welcomes all guests with a great sense of comfort and style. It also provides best-in-class privacy, security and services one would need for a wonderful stay. Apart from being less than 15 minutes’ drive to the Suvarnabhumi International Airport, the hotel also boasts convenient access to restaurants, shopping malls and even to the city centre. Shuttle service to the airport is also available upon request.
K Residence @ Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel features clean and comfortable guestrooms, all designed to provide a good night’s sleep at a reasonable price points. The hotel hosts a good arrange of onsite facilities and services including free Wifi in public areas, ample parking space, meeting rooms and karaoke rooms. A team of friendly staff at the reception will be on standby 24/7 to assist you with any requests you may have throughout your stay at this Bangkok hotel. When you are looking for a decent place to stay close to the airport, think of K Residence @ Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel.
The K Residence @ Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel has a stylish design and outstanding location near the airport. It is the ideal destination for those seeking relaxation and entertainment. Easy access to various attractions. And 11.5 km from Suvarnabhumi Airport .
What is the name of K Residence @ Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel, since the location of the hotel. It is the location In close proximity Suvarnabhumi International Airport The Airports Authority of Thailand and a place The pride of Thailand. Has been ranked one of the 10 airports with the best quality service in the world. I was inspired to do the business of K Residence @ Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel. To welcome tourists and all guests. With good service So proud of us.
K Residence @ Suvarnabhumi Airport Hotel along with various amenities such as services. Luxurious, clean, safe serving drinks. The hotel also features conference rooms, karaoke rooms, 24-hour room service and ample parking facilities are provided customers with quality. Staff politely and humbly beg attention to every detail. To impress the customers. Like the relatives who visited A shuttle service from/to the airport, including a massage. For fitness and recreation A security guard 24 hours a day .
The MetroPoint Bangkok a modern style hotel in business area. With spirit of Thai hospitality and a welcoming atmosphere, Metro Point Hotel Bangkok, Thailand is perfect for both business travelers and holidaymakers.
Located in the heart of Bangkok, MetroPoint, Bangkok hotel: is Located on Ramkhamhaeng 81 Road and Ladprao 130 Road , near by Suvarnabhumi Airport (Bangkok International Airport) just 20 minutes drive and a few minutes from Rajamangala National Stadium, easily accessible to all major local and tourist destinations.
Very good location , close to shopping, dining , and hospital facilities which was convenient for me. Also close to the airport. I really like the staff as they are always friendly and helpful with my questions and needs.
I had a wonderful stay at Metro Point Hotel with the warmth gesture of the staff, delicious food, peaceful environment, stable security, clean rooms and excellent services of the management.
I stayed at this hotel for almost two weeks. The quality is quite good, room is clean, service is efficient and people are gentle. The place is quite calm, specially if your room is not near the breakfast buffet. Talking about breakfast, the buffet is probably the weakest point of Metropoint, as nor the quality neither the variety of the buffet is extreme. It s not bad, edible and ok, but nothing to be proud of. Nevertheless, it s still a good place to stay, easily communicated by taxi or bus, that therefore i recommend and won t mind to stay there again next time.
When looking for affordable, comfortable accommodation in Bangkok, look no further than MetroPoint Bangkok Hotel, Thailand. With spirit of Thai hospitality and a welcoming atmosphere, Metro Point Hotel Bangkok, Thailand is perfect for both business travelers and holidaymakers.
The Metro Cafe and Restaurant offers a la carte Thai cuisine delights with Thai herbs and spices combined with delicious recipes from the original central Thai and special menu Thai.
An international selection of dishes is served in the daily breakfast, lunch and dinner with the indoor and outdoor seating atmosphere. The Metro restaurant extensive a la carte menu and occasion BBQ dinner available.
Beer garden enjoy and relax with atmosphere garden corner, lunch, dinner with draft beer, beverage, international cuisine, Thai food, Thai E-sarn food.
Room Service we seek to share the unique of Thai experience by delivering directly to you an authentic Thai cuisine.
The MetroPoint Bangkok hotel is Located on Ramkhamhaeng 81 and Ladprao 130 (two entrances way), near by Suvarnabhumi Airport (Bangkok International Airport) just 20 minutes drive and a few minutes from Rajamangala National Stadium, easily accessible to all major local and tourist destinations.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) November 2017 (1) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (3) August 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) April 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) April 2013 (1) January 2012 (1) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (3) July 2010 (2) June 2010 (2) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (3) March 2010 (5) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (5) November 2009 (4) October 2009 (6) September 2009 (2) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (1) June 2009 (2) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (1) February 2009 (2) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (2) August 2008 (1) July 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (1) April 2008 (1) March 2008 (1) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (2) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (1) October 2007 (1) September 2007 (2) August 2007 (1) July 2007 (1) June 2007 (1) May 2007 (1) April 2007 (2) March 2007 (2) February 2007 (3) January 2007 (5) December 2006 (2) November 2006 (3) October 2006 (2) August 2006 (1) July 2006 (1) June 2006 (5) May 2006 (5) April 2006 (10)
Theatre Release: April 12, 2013 by Warner Bros; PG-13 (themes and language); Historical Drama; Directed By: Brian Helgeland; Cast: Chadwick Boseman, T.R. Knight, Harrison Ford, Nicole Beharie 42 is a movie that should be seen for many different reasons. First of all it is a very good movie (but not quite great) with a number […]
*Now Available on DVD Review by Dana Chaffin Dolphin Tale is now available on DVD at most movie retail stores (such as Best Buy, Target, and Wal-Mart) and at www.dolphintalemovie.com. This film is based on the inspiring true story of Winter the dolphin and her amazing human rescuers from the Clearwater Marine Aquarium (CMA). Winter […]
*Note: I already reviewed the film below and included the trailer. However this review by Dana Chaffin includes the incredible back story behind the film. The background of the film’s development is a whole separate story that is just as inspirational as the film itself. Enjoy Dana’s review: RUST: A Mystery of faith Review by […]
DVD: Available on October 26, 2010 by Red Five Entertainment; Directed by: Lance W. Dreesen; Run time: 91 minutes; Cast: Dean Cain (Randy Simpkins), Lori Beth Edgeman (Christal Simpkins), Sonny Shroyer (Volunteer Ed Walker), Tom Nowicki (Sheriff Tony Reeves), Brett Rice (Fire Chief Gary Thomas) A movie based upon an inspirational true story. Randy Simpkins and […]
DVD Now Available: Released Oct.5,2010 by Glowing Nose Productions; Directed by: Chris Staron; Runtime: 93 minutes; Cast: Marc Thompson (James), Alexander Hinsky (Bobby), Brian Morvant (Dennis), Liz Bucher (Liz), Jhey Castles (Terry), Adam Misenko (Eric), Reagan Kendrick (Andrea), Jay Smith (Walter). Good Christian comedy. Great for the family and a film that could be used […]
Theater release: July 01, 2010 by Paramount; Directed by: M. Night Shyamalan; Runtime: 1 hour 35 minutes, Cast: Noah Ringer (Aang), Dev Patel (Prince Zuko), Nicola Peltz (Katara), Jackson Rathbone (Sokka), Shaun Toub (Iroh), Aasif Mandvi (Commander Zhao) Review This film was a major disappointment. My grandson and I looked forward to seeing this for […]
Coming on DVD: April 20,2010 Review by Dana Chaffin Lord Save Us From Your Followers will be released on DVD April 20, 2010. This is a humorous and insightful documentary about how America views Christians. It answers the question, “Why is the gospel of love dividing America?” The film does not add to the […]
How to view all the topics which have a new reply today and the new posts made since your last visit.
How to log in and out from the board and how to remain anonymous and not be shown on the active users list.
Wowzers Marlei, your page is truly stunning! Love your photo and all these gorgeous embellishments around you, the details are amazing, very pretty! Hugs, Ira xox
Provided by the Department of Internet Ministries of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America. Brings to life the central stories of the Bible and makes them accessible to children.
A healthy place for kids to explore, create, play, learn, discover, and grow in the Orthodox Faith. A project of the Department of Internet Ministries of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America.
What We Do: We empower our small business customers to grow their businesses through a variety of online marketing strategies. These strategies begin with a clearly articulated brand statement about the business and how to attract and gain the trust of their target audience.
Why We Do It: Over 90% of all Americans work in small businesses! We have a much better opportunity to make an impact in the business world by leveraging our team’s education, experience, and talents to help small and mid-sized businesses than as part of the corporate world.
How We Do It: We use what we know best – marketing and coaching. We share what we know in a way that’s easy for others to understand and adopt to their own situations.
At our latest meetup group (Orange County Small Business Marketing Connection) presentation, Joe presented on the topic of 'Everything You Need to
The seventeen days of the 2016 Rio Olympics are just finishing up. We’ve thrilled to the hard won victories and ached with
A-Cubed works with our clients’ businesses, adding strategies and tactics in social media, e-mail, blogging, SEO and websites. Companies can succeed or fail for a number of key reasons. Our experts know just how important it is to take the time to create a well-researched business marketing plan, and we’ll do just that for you! We help our clients select the right partners, increase their internet presence and marketing, and gain access to the skills and talents they need to succeed.
Step Two in planning your viral campaign was planning your message, and a big part of that was finding the right emotional buttons to press with your consumers and customers.
But how do you do that without knowing who they are? I mean, knowing who they are in the same sort of way that a lover seduces the aim of his/her desire?What are the triggers that will help snap him/ her to attention? (take that phrase any way you want….)
The fact is, you can’t. Marketing is part psychology. To get your consumer/ customer to ‘yes’, you have to know what they want from you.
So what is it? Some super secret information? Does your consumer/ customer want to be entertained? Does he/ she want to be (or appear to be) informed and clever?
Are there common themes in what some customers want and can you use those themes to create groups of customers that you can communicate with – and more importantly move towards ‘yes’?
Are these wants and needs important enough to them that they’re willing to change how they’re currently solving for them?
What is it that you’ve got that those groups will find so motivating that they’re willing to make changes (customers are inherently lazy; getting them to ‘yes’ means that: their pain point has gotten to be unbearable, your solution is really attractive, and/or you’ve managed to capture their attention
Your message has engaged them well enough to get (lazy) customers to click a button on your site or send an email, or make a phone call.
This next part is really cool. Let’s say that you got some of these cool, needy people to respond to your message. They tried your service or product. Hey, Mikey! They liked it! In fact, they really liked it and they want to tell more people about it! They remembered that totally awesome viral video they first saw from you that started this new love affair and guess what….. they’ve decided to send it to more people! Rinse and repeat. This is how your message goes viral.
You’ve tapped into the most awesome thing about social media – your customers can now become your advocates and you, as master puppeteer, can give them the tools they need to be super-star unpaid sales people spreading the good news about your ‘stuff’ to all their friends. Yes, rinse and repeat!
And it all started with a customer that had a problem, and you who understood your customer or consumer well enough to plan a really awesome viral campaign!
Here’s a couple examples of what you can do when you really understand your customers! While you’re watching these, ask yourself this: Could these stories have been told as well if the brand marketers didn’t know how their customers think about their products and they way the products solve their needs?
Think about all the different ways to enjoy Oreo cookies you just heard. Believe it or not, most of this stuff comes straight out of user focus groups with loyal Oreo cookie consumers! The best way to show consumers you really ‘get’ them, is to really ‘get them’!
Want help uncovering your own brand, understanding your consumers, or creating a really awesome viral campaign? Contact Joe Hines by using the contact form on this page!
Joe Hines, founder of A-Cubed Marketing Services, is the master craftsman of conceptualizing, designing and creating websites and blogs that creatively present the mission and magic of an organization. Joe worked tirelessly to shape a new non-profit story into the social media world and,in doing so, bring fresh, exciting navigation, content, media, and on-line charitable e-commerce presented in a unique way.
At our latest meetup group (Orange County Small Business Marketing Connection) presentation, Joe presented on
Archives Select Month March 2017 (1) August 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) October 2015 (3) September 2015 (10) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (7) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (3) September 2012 (3)
The reclaimed lumber marketplace attained momentum from the early 1980s within the West Coastline when massive-scale reuse of softwoods began. The industry grew resulting from a expanding concern for environmental effects and declining top quality in new lumber.[4] On the East Coastline, field pioneers started selling reclaimed wood inside the early 1970s even so the market stayed mostly small till the nineteen nineties as waste disposal amplified and deconstruction turned a more economically different to demolition.
Quite a few resources of reclaimed wood are unable to confirm just what the wood might need been addressed with about its lifetime. This uncertainty results in fears of dangerous offgassing of volatile natural compounds associated with direct paint or several stains and therapies that will are utilized around the wood. These fears are specifically urgent once the wood is for an inside application.
pubId=1155968404" true The Illinois Farm Bureau has also recently endorsed Bost ... For David Droste, a 62-year-old fourth-generation farmer in nearby Addieville, Ill., faith in the Trump administrati...
Senior Shawn Rennegarbe is on a roll. The Addieville, Illinois, native recorded another top-25 finish to take the lead for the Iowa women’s golf team as it competed at the Edean Ihlanfeldt Invitationa...
Eugene John “Gene” Klosterhoff, 97, of South Hutchinson, died Monday, May 8, 2017. He was born Oct. 22, 1919, in Addieville, IL, the son of Raymond and Edna (Breuer) Klosterhoff. Gene was a 1937 gradu...
His name has not been release yet pending the notification of his family. The driver 45 year old Becka Heitman of Addieville, IL and the other driver 60 year-old Klif Kline of Coulterville were taken ...
You can cancel an order and return any goods that may already have been dispatched up to 7 days from receipt. Our terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
Payments are made via Paypal. All book purchases are exempt of VAT and all other purchases sales via this shop are inclusive of VAT. We want you to be happy with your purchase. Please check the goods on delivery and ensure that they are supplied correctly. If any of the goods prove to be unsuitable please return them within 7 days in the original packaging and in an unused condition for a full refund less of any postage costs.
Industry encrytion standards are in place from the point when customers enter personal details to payment finalize stage of their orders.
This page contains the terms & conditions. Please read these terms & conditions carefully before ordering any of our products, you agree to be bound by these terms & conditions. By placing an order at Adad Books, you warrant that you are at least 18 years old (or have parents permission to buy from us) and accept these terms & conditions which shall apply to all orders placed or to be placed at Adad Books for the sale and supply of any products. None of these terms & conditions affects your statutory rights. No other terms or changes to the terms & conditions shall be binding unless agreed in writing signed by us.
All personal information you provide us with or that we obtain will be handled by Adad Books as responsible for the personal information. The personal information you provide will be used to ensure deliveries to you, the credit assessment, to provide offers and information on our catalog to you. The information you provide is only available to ADAD Books and Tictail and will not be shared with other third parties. You have the right to inspect the information held about you. You always have the right to request Adad Books to delete or correct the information held about you. By accepting the Adad Books Conditions, you aggree to the above.
Events outside Adad Books's control, which is not reasonably foreseeable, shall be considered force majeure, meaning that Adad Books is released from Adad Book's obligations to fulfill contractual agreements. Example of such events are government action or omission, new or amended legislation, conflict, embargo, fire or flood, sabotage, accident, war, natural disasters, strikes or lack of delivery from suppliers. The force majeure also includes government decisions that affect the market negatively and products, for example, restrictions, warnings, ban, etc.
Hallie serves as Chief of Staff to the Founder and CEO of Adam Hergenrother Companies. She has worked side-by-side with Adam Hergenrother for over eight years, ensuring that Adam’s vision is communicated and implemented.
With over nine years of experience supporting the C-Suite, Hallie has mastered the ability to lead and assist by assessing current needs, initiating change, and executing projects. As Chief of Staff, Hallie works closely with the executive team to manage special projects, hire and grow talent, and maximize Adam’s reach through training events and strategic communication.
Hallie is a graduate of the State University of New York and resides with her husband in Williston, Vermont.
Adam Hergenrother Companies is a powerhouse connector - matching talent with opportunities, the community with resources, clients with realtors, investors with projects, and goals with training and education. With a focus on real estate, construction, development, consulting, and training, Adam Hergenrother Companies is building leaders and businesses worldwide.
Recently we have seen several animals brought into us as strays that either didn’t have a microchip, or had one, but the owners contact details were out of date. Sadly this means that we are either unable to locate their owner, or we have to use other means of trying to track them down. In some cases, social media can be very effective, but can equally be a cause for confusion when ownership is... read more »
Woody is the name that our nurses have given to this stray cat that we have in with us in at the moment. We think it suits him. What do you think? We were called out to Woody by the RSPCA around 8am on Thursday 26th September. A member of the public had found him in the road in Orchard Way, between Church Lane and Lancaster Place in Bognor Regis. He’d been hit by a... read more »
AlphaPet have teamed up with local radio station Spirit FM for Furry Friends Fortnight! For the next two weeks, Monday 21st August until Friday 1st September, we will be trying to rehome a pet every day from local animal shelters. Each day, Spirit FM will visit an animal shelter to highlight one of the animals looking for a new home. To find out more, please click this link: https://www.spiritfm.net/features/furry-friends-fortnight/ There’s even a great competition you can enter too! Make... read more »
AlphaPet have received the following update from APHA (Animal and Plant health Agency) on the current Avian Flu situation. We have today announced https://www.gov.uk/government/news/updated-measures-to-protect-poultry-against-avian-flu ​that all poultry in England are to be allowed outside from Thursday 13 April following updated evidence on the risk posed by wild birds. ​ The requirement to house or fully net poultry in Higher Risk Areas of England, introduced on 28 February to minimise the risk of them catching avian... read more »
National Pet Month runs from 1st April to 1st May and its main aim is to promote responsible pet ownership. It’s also a time where we can celebrate life with our pets. The Top 10 Tips for Responsible Pet Ownership are: 1. Think carefully before getting a pet and learn about its special requirements. 2. Ensure your pet is sociable and well trained. 3. Provide a nutritious and well balanced diet. 4. Provide suitable housing and bedding. 5. Clean up... read more »
March is AlphaPet’s Tortoise Awareness Month! Tortoises were originally brought to the UK by the Victorians and have become commonly kept pets. Due to their long lifespans, they also frequently become family heirlooms, passed down from generation to generation. So it's really important that all tortoise keepers know how to care for these fascinating animals Unfortunately, many of the species kept in the UK originated in the Mediterranean region are... read more »
Here at AlphaPet, our qualified nurses run a senior pet clinic - Small Animal Geriatric Assessment, better known as S.A.G.A! A 30 minute appointment is just £15 and includes a general health examination and basic urinalysis. The nurses will also advise you on your pets diet, exercise, grooming and dental health and discuss any changes in their behaviour or mobility associated with the ageing process. If the nurse discovers anything she feels needs looking at more... read more »
At AlphaPet, we have two qualified nurses who have taken a special interest in Tortoises. Sue Eaton and Charlie Sampson run special nurse clinics just for tortoises and are able to give advice regarding their care. These clinics are available all year round, though we tend to see a lot more during the Spring and Autumn months when tortoises are coming out of, or... read more »
Thank you very much for all you did with Dizzy - we really would have been lost without him. Everyone at AlphaPet were brilliant throughout. Thank you! :)
Celebrating ten years of the online Alpha Writers Group – The Alpha Decade Book combines writing challenges, stories and anecdotes from writers across the globe. It tells the story of how this unique group of writers came together to encourage each other to produce some of their best writing in a wide range of genres. The book is designed to entertain, inform and inspire the reader, whilst at the same time raising money for Macmillan Cancer Support. We hope you enjoy reading it as much as we have enjoyed its compilation.
The City has becomes a bleak place since the Patreen invasion. Patreen stewards patrol the streets, while the original inhabitants, the Nasoots, are forced into exile or live as outlaws in the labyrinthine tunnels under the City. Only a handful of Nasoots remain in the City, where their superior technological skills are required by the Patreens. When the Nasoots invent a humoid far superior to the standard android, their plans to liberate the City from Patreen dominance take off with surprising results. Skalla, a young Nasoot girl, sparks off the liberation as she gradually discovers things that were outlawed in the oppressive City.
‘A Flower for Skalla’ is a collaborative writing project from Alpha Writers Group – it’s a science fiction story where each writer developed a new and exciting twist in the evolving plot.
A collection of short stories and poems from Alpha Writers Group. All proceeds go to the work of Macmillan Cancer Support.
Dora Finnucane, a one time Eurovision Song Contest winner, has retired to a small village in the English countryside. All is not what it seems and when Lady Framworth is murdered, Dora finds herself embroiled in some dramatic events as the peaceful village becomes the hub of a sinister plot hatched by ruthless speculators.
‘Say n’ more’ is a collaborative writing project from Alpha Writers Group – it is a crime novella in which each section ends with a telephone connection. All royalties go to Macmillan Cancer Support.
Our media literacy scavenger hunt is live! You can find all the contest details on our current event for November 7, 2018, but you can read the specifics below as well…
In celebration of Media Literacy Week (Nov 5-9), this scavenger hunt contest invites students to apply their media literacy skills to identify facts and fakes. As students take the scavenger hunt quiz, they will be given clues to find Listenwise stories related to the contest theme. Once they have found the right stories, they will need to listen to them carefully and hunt down the answers to the related questions. Participation in this scavenger hunt will offer students an opportunity to explore Listenwise, learn about media literacy, and, most importantly, have fun!
Make sure you have a Listenwise Premium account or the 30-day free trial so you can assign and submit student quizzes in order to participate.
You can access the quiz any time from Wednesday, November 7 through Wednesday, November 21, but be sure to submit your answers before 11:59 pm EST on November 21st to be entered into the contest.
Prizes will be awarded to the highest total class quiz score, the highest total student submissions from one teacher, and one random lucky winner!
Win headphones for your whole class and an Amazon Gift Card! First prize is a set of classroom headphones and a $100 Amazon gift card. Second prize wins a set of classroom headphones and a $50 Amazon gift card. Third prize is a $50 Amazon gift card.
Students who follow the news have been found to be more active citizens, more regular voters (if eligible to vote), and more likely to be actively involved in solving community problems, according to research. Informed democratic participation demands understanding of civic issues, and yet only 23% of students performed at or above the proficient level on the NAEP Civics assessment. How can teachers help to improve students’ understanding of what it means to be an active participant in American democracy?
Educational podcasts can help to promote critical thinking and civic engagement in your classroom. Teaching with Listenwise can help students learn about civic participation, deepen their understanding of civic issues, and inspire civic action.
Compelling stories on democratic principles, processes, and structures core to U.S. citizenship can teach students about what civic engagement entails and how it plays out in everyday America.
Key to informed, responsible citizenship is understanding how our democracy functions. Engaging audio stories can help students learn about important civics topics such as the Separation of Powers, the role of the Electoral College, and Gerrymandering in Politics.
The upcoming election presents an excellent opportunity to help students fully understand the importance of exercising one of the most critical rights of citizenship–voting. Students can listen to podcasts to learn about the History of Voting Rights, as well as Why Many Americans Don’t Vote and how Campaigns to Fight Election Disinformation are needed in the face of evidence that foreign governments are trying to influence the election.
Inviting students to think critically and empathically about a variety of contemporary issues and diverse perspectives featured in current events can help to prepare them for active citizenship.
Podcasts can be integrated into lessons that invite students to think critically about relevant contemporary issues such as whether whether the voting age should be lowered, whether students should have a legal right to literacy, or whether mosquitoes should be genetically modified to self-destruct. They can be motivated to think about their roles and responsibilities as citizens, including their role in being critical consumers of social media, and potentially be encouraged to effect positive change in the world by learning from examples, such as NFL players speaking out publicly about issues that matter to them.
Through discussion, debate, writing, and other learning activities in response to those stories, students can deepen their understanding of the issues while sharpening their critical thinking and literacy skills. Our Listenwise Friday debate series is especially well-suited for this purpose. Just search “debate” to find a list of these stories.
Featured stories about individuals who have taken action to make a positive difference in their communities can provide models that spark students’ own ideas about what they can do to improve the world around them.
Lessons incorporating podcasts can engage students in considering issues that might affect them, such as bullying, and how they can take action to address those issues. They might act at the local level, for example, to protect the environment by creating urban habitats for monarch butterflies. They might learn about students engaging in national efforts, such as protesting gun violence, or global efforts, such as influencing the straw debate. Stories like The Hate U Give and the Call to Activism can provide fodder for discussion of complex social issues that touch the lives of many students. The immediacy and emotional texture of people’s voices can add resonance to their stories, so audio is especially well suited to generating responses that move listeners to action. Listenwise stories feature many examples of people making positive change.
The Listenwise platform incorporates a variety of digital tools to support comprehension, thus including learners at a range of literacy levels in thinking critically about rich, timely stories focused on issues that matter. In addition to using the listening comprehension and discussion questions accompanying each story, as well as the instructional activities and supports provided in lessons, you might be interested in the teaching resources included below. Please let us know if you find any of them useful and/or share others in comments.
Addressing news in the classroom can be a source of unease for some. The abundance of inflammatory language in the public sphere, attacks on journalists, and frequent confusion between fact and opinion can present challenges when trying to teach current events. All of the information and disinformation circling around the media can make having productive conversations hard. And yet, teachers across the country want their students to be informed about what is happening in the world outside of school.
It’s important to connect students to what is happening in the world around them in order to broaden their perspectives and deepen their appreciation for the relevance of what they are learning in the classroom. Teachers have an important role in helping students know where to go to be informed about global events, the economy, the environment, and politics so they can make the best decisions for themselves and their communities. In an effort to support news discussions in a constructive, unbiased, informative way, we’ve tried to pull together some more helpful tools and resources below.
These resources can help teachers to set the scene for talking about news and current events–to create a safe space, where people might feel comfortable having differing opinions, and where everyone feels welcome to speak up and share their views.
Facing History and Ourselves has great resources to help you create a positive classroom culture. Check out this resource on how to create safe spaces for differing opinions in the classroom and this one about fostering civil discourse.
The New York Times also offers guidance for encouraging civil classroom discussions. How do you handle conversations in your classroom in general? What structures and rules are in place to ensure that they are constructive and civil, yet promote real learning and growth? How do you invite all voices? What happens when someone states an unpopular opinion? Read more here and find relevant lesson plans.
ProCon offers a handy resource on the role of critical thinking in promoting civil discourse as well as a list of books, articles, and studies about using controversial issues to stimulate critical thinking.
Allsides showcases examples of the same topic covered by both left- and right-leaning sources. Having students compare news coverage across different different media sources can help them develop important media literacy skills.
In addition to exploring the resources above to see what might resonate with your teaching needs, check out our Listenwise current events for daily news stories curated for the classroom to engage your students in learning about what’s happening in the world outside of school. Our debate stories posted on Fridays offer good opportunities for students to exercise civil discourse in discussing multiple perspectives on contemporary issues.
This #WorldGeoChat Twitter conversation on using current events in classrooms includes tips and takeaways from teachers on how they try to connect current events to their students’ lives and personalize teaching in order to drive student engagement.
There were some good words of advice from teachers on how to tackle difficult conversations in their classrooms.
Get creative! Please feel free to comment and expand our resource base with things you use in your classroom to facilitate discussions about current events.
Media Literacy Week highlights the importance of teaching children and teens digital media literacy skills to ensure that their interactions with media are positive and enriching.
In honor of this year’s theme for Media Literacy Week, we are launching a contest, called Fact or Fake. In three weeks (on November 7), we’ll launch a Listenwise Scavenger Hunt on our website. You can participate in the contest any time between November 7 and November 21.
Contest Summary: Do your students like riddles, puzzles, or detective stories? Then get out your magnifying glass and participate in our Listenwise Scavenger Hunt! Through a Listenwise quiz, students will be given clues to find Listenwise stories related to the contest theme, and then they will be asked to apply their media literacy skills to identify facts and fakes. The goals for students include exploring Listenwise, learning about media literacy, and, most importantly, having fun! To participate, simply assign the quiz on the contest’s current event to your students and let them search and explore Listenwise stories to hunt down the answers. The quiz will guide them through everything, so they can participate individually, in small groups, or as a whole class!
How to participate: Starting on 11/7/18, assign the quiz on the Contest Current Event story (that will be published on 11/7) to your students. Your students’ quiz submissions will be your contest entries. The contest will run through 11/21.
Stay tuned for November 7, when we’ll release the current event with the scavenger hunt quiz and the prizes. Make sure you have a Listenwise Premium account or the 30-day free trial by then so you can assign and submit student quizzes.
Check out our Listenwise collection of resources on “Teaching Your Students About Fake News.” (Explore classroom resources and lesson plans about fake news and media literacy.)
Common Sense K–12 Digital Citizenship Curriculum (Empower students to think critically, behave safely, and participate responsibly in our digital world.)
The Teaching Tolerance Digital Literacy Framework (Seven key areas in which students need support developing digital and civic literacy skills, as well as associated lessons.)
Checkology from the News Literacy Project. (Engaging multimedia lessons designed to help students build news literacy skills, such as determining the credibility of information.)
Did you know that October is National Bullying Prevention Month? It’s a perfect time to focus on creating positive classroom culture. According to a 2011 NCES study, 28% of U.S. students reported having been bullied at school. Last week we collaborated on a webinar with Facing History and Ourselves, for which we collected audio stories from public radio on Listenwise and teaching resources from Facing History focused on using storytelling to develop positive classroom culture.
The Listenwise collection includes a variety of stories to help you structure classroom conversations about bullying. Each audio story includes questions to guide discussion among students. Stories such as Psychology of a Bully, Portrait of a Bully, and Looking Back on Bullying can help to shed light on the experience of being a bully. These stories can help students understand why bullying happens, build empathy, and consider how to address underlying causes of bullying behavior. Stories such as A Positive Response to Bullying, Lunchtime Anti-Bullying App, and 13 Reasons Why Not can help to inform constructive responses to bullying. These stories highlight various approaches to addressing bullying in schools and feature students who have chosen to be upstanders and made inspiring contributions toward reducing the negative impact of bullying.
To help you create a comfortable space to talk about these Listenwise stories about bullying (or other sensitive topics) in your classroom, we recommend these Facing History resources, which offer useful guidance for establishing a safe classroom environment where students can tell their own stories:
Students have a unique power to prevent bullying. More than half of bullying situations (57%) stop when a peer intervenes on behalf of the student being bullied (Hawkins, Pepler, & Craig, 2001). This Listenwise blog post focuses on how proactively teaching kindness can help to build a positive, inclusive school climate and reduce bullying. Efforts to teach social and emotional skills such as empathy are increasing in many schools, aiming to address important aspects of learning that are strongly correlated with success.
How do you handle bullying in your classroom? Please comment and share reflections on using any of these resources or others you have found helpful in addressing bullying in your school.
Student engagement is key to building a safe, positive school culture that increases achievement, fosters creativity and community, and decreases boredom, alienation, and drop-out rates (Marks, 2000). Providing opportunities for student voice and involvement in your classroom is an important factor in building positive classroom culture. In the 2016 article “Giving Students a Voice,” published by the Harvard Graduate School of Education, Gretchen Brion-Meisels details five ways to integrate student voice into your classroom practice. One way she recommends cultivating a great educational experience is engaging students “in studying and assessing their school.” At Listenwise, we think that you can extend this even further and try to engage students in studying and assessing the world around them.
A Listenwise story that can help to get your students excited about surveying and researching their lives is “Mall Culture Used to Connect Teens”. Coming to us from Youth Radio, the story features Madeleine Veira, a youth reporter who tries to investigate the interesting disappearance of teens from malls. You might ask your students to discuss the places that they hang out and where teens in general typically hang out nowadays. Another way to engage student voice is to discuss what they would like to report on if they were to become investigative reporters and potentially develop a project with that focus.
Another great resource on empowering student voices in the classroom is the Edutopia article “Establishing a Culture of Student Voice”. In the article, John McCarthy talks about how journaling can make students more comfortable sharing their thoughts and emotions in the classroom. The ability to write them down and organize them can make speaking up in the classroom less intimidating and more enjoyable.
One way to get students journaling effectively is to invite them to respond to stories about interesting, relevant topics. Three Listenwise stories that can be leveraged for this purpose are “Identity Across Generations,” “Growing up With a Single Mom,” and “California Teen Lives Life Between Borders”. “Identity Across Generations” is part of the NPR Generation series, and it features an interview with a mother and a daughter about their experiences as members of the LGBT community from very different generations. The other two stories offer explorations of other youth voices at interesting intersections in their lives.
You might optimize student choice by inviting students to select a Listenwise story on any topic of interest, listen to it, and respond via writing, online discussion, or small group discussions. For example, they might choose a current event and report the 5 Ws (who, what, where, when, and why) or choose a debate story and write an argument, taking a position and supporting it with evidence from the story. They might choose different stories on a given topic such as climate change or elections and then share what they learned in small groups using the jigsaw method. You might also engage students in developing their own podcasts, using Youth Radio stories in the Listenwise collection as models.
Inviting your students’ involvement in the classroom and creating a classroom where they feel encouraged to participate at appropriate times are important keys to promoting their success as learners and community members. See below for more Listenwise stories that can provide avenues for your students to discuss and explore their own perspectives and experiences, as well as more resources addressing the benefits of uplifting student voice and strategies for pursuing that goal.
The Common Core State Standards (CCSS) call for several Key Shifts in Language Arts that have implications across the curriculum. Listenwise can help teachers of many subjects address these shifts.
Listenwise audio stories are engaging complex texts full of academic language. They are authentic texts sourced from public radio, typical of those that students may encounter in their adult lives, and they are selected for their potential to support teachers and students in making connections between the curriculum and the world outside of school. Students can listen to each audio text multiple times, with or without reading interactive transcripts simultaneously, in order to deepen their understanding. Listenwise audio stories offer all students access to complex texts, regardless of reading level, which, in turn, can help students improve their reading skills. Lessons include selected academic vocabulary words to highlight, as well as comprehension questions and embedded text tools, which can support students’ understanding of the texts and also expand their vocabulary. Academic vocabulary appears in context within all Listenwise stories, providing opportunities for students to practice strategies for learning new words. This week’s current events, for example, include the following words: aftermath, democracy, archive, predatory, and disparity.
Shift 2: Reading, writing, and speaking grounded in evidence from texts, both literary and informational
Listenwise stories are selected for their relevance and interest value, as well as their potential to promote critical thinking and analysis. Stories featured in lessons and current events can provide rich fodder for high-level classroom discussion and/or analytic writing tasks. Text-dependent listening comprehension and discussion questions associated with each story invite students to listen closely to complex audio texts and interpret, analyze, synthesize, evaluate, or apply information, supporting their ideas or claims with evidence from the text. Quizzes include questions that ask students to identify supporting evidence for a specific claim within a text, so teachers can assess those skills and use the data to inform instruction. Lessons noted as including extra supports for English language learners contain close listening protocols, which can help to scaffold such learning activities. This week’s current events, for instance, include the following text-dependent questions:
What did you learn from the story about the potential impact of a storm such as Hurricane Florence? Use details from the text to explain your answer.
How are predatory bacteria similar to other predators? Use details from the story to support your ideas.
Podcasts featured in Listenwise current events and lessons provide content-rich nonfiction stories on a wide range of topics that can help students build background knowledge, which is critical to both listening and reading comprehension. The Listenwise team curates public radio stories based on their educational value and potential for engaging students, so the current events and lessons in the Listenwise platform offer a dynamic collection of high interest, highly relevant, high quality content that can be used instructionally in many ways. These content-rich nonfiction stories are written by skilled professional writers for a large audience that reaches far beyond the classroom, so they expose students to mentor informational texts about a host of captivating issues. This week’s current events, for example, address a variety of topics, including the social impact of hurricanes, democratic participation, research on using microbes to fight infections, the value of ancient artifacts, and the civic engagement of sports figures.
Listenwise can help teachers address many Common Core standards across all four literacy strands: reading, writing, speaking, and listening. In addition, it can help to support teachers in attending to all of the “key shifts” in expectations embodied in the standards. If you are using Listenwise with your students in ways that help you address the CCSS key shifts, we would love to hear about it!
If you are using the free version of Listenwise, try the 30-day free trial of Premium (click on the button in your dashboard) so that you can try all of the extra lesson supports, additional vocabulary words, and listening quizzes.
Today is the International Day of Listening. What does that mean? It’s a day to increase awareness of the value of listening and provide resources to help people develop better listening skills and strategies. The main idea behind this day is that “Listening makes us better humans.”
We believe in the power of listening, and it seems that more and more people are believing in the power of listening as well. The numbers continue to show that more and more people are listening to stories and podcasts.
In order to increase awareness about listening, find great listening instruction resources on our teacher support center:
The theme for this year is “Listen—even when you disagree.” Here are some of our stories for you to explore:
This fall as you are trying to implement new things in your classroom, try crowdfunding on DonorsChoose to raise the funds for Listenwise Premium. Connect to a thriving community of donors who are eager to fund your classroom projects.
Donors Choose is a platform that connects classroom teachers with anyone who wants to help a classroom in need. Bring learning opportunities to life by posting a project; request books, technology, field trips—anything you’ve been dreaming of for your students. Then tap into the DonorsChoose network and reach out to your own. (Over 75% of teachers reach their funding goal).
Receive access to Listenwise Premium once funds are raised! **Big donors will pay off all projects listed on DonorsChoose once in a while**
Today’s guest post is written by Listenwise Teacher Advocate, Andrew Garnett-Cook. Andrew is a 7th and 8th grade social studies teacher in the Brookline Public Schools in Massachusetts. He teaches Ancient Mediterranean Civilizations and U.S. History. You can read his other Listenwise blog about teaching history with current events here.
As a veteran history teacher, one of my goals is for students to understand that what they read in a textbook is not, and should not be seen as, the definitive and final word on any historical topic or event. Especially when learning about the ancient world, what I try to emphasize is the uncertainty about what is known about whatever civilization we are studying. After all, what we know is based to a considerable degree on what has survived from a civilization and how experts in diverse fields ranging from geology to climatology to archaeology interpret that evidence. In fact, new discoveries often both answer and raise new questions about the past, encouraging us to reexamine what we thought had been settled history. For me, this is what makes learning about the past both challenging and exciting. This should be a mission of any history teacher: To teach about the past in a way that reinforces the fact there is always something new to learn.
This is a big reason why Listenwise is such a valuable tool. Curated stories on Listenwise include several examples of stories having to do with new theories and discoveries that have fundamentally shifted our thinking about the past. One example of such a story, titled “Climate Change and Human Migration”, is a story about how climate science has contributed to our understanding of when early humans left Africa and why. We listened to this story during our unit on early humans. My goal was for students to understand and be able to explain why early humans would have left Africa 100,000 years ago and begun migrating to other parts of the world. Bringing in new research, this story explains the new thinking, which is that climate change substantially contributed to why early humans left Africa. Through this story, students get to explore more deeply how different disciplines contribute to our understanding of the past. The story also allows for students, through close listening, to judge the claims and evidence presented to support them.
Another story on Listenwise that helps students explore new research is the story titled “A New Human-like Species.” This story is about the classification of a new species of human ancestor called Homo Naledi. We also used this story during our unit on early humans. We were learning about “human time” and how early humans are believed to have evolved, starting with australopithecines and going through to homo sapiens. Through this story, students explore how our understanding of human evolution can change based on new information.
While kids could have done these stories for homework, we listened to both of these stories in class. Kids listened, answered discussion questions, and we talked about them both in small groups and as a whole class. Finally, I had students do some reflective writing on how these stories added to their understanding of the past. Both of these stories provide a rich opportunity for my students to dive into new research into the past and explore how people go about the process of interpreting evidence from the past, and how new information can both answer and raise new questions about the past. Our understanding of the past is not settled. New research is being done all the time into the past and the results of that work can force us to shift our thinking about history. Listenwise provides valuable resources for sparking student exploration of new research, engaging them in rich discussions and shaping new understandings of the past.
We can’t believe the school year is ending, but here are some awesome story highlights by student request. Not all these stories were published this past year, but these were stories that students this year mentioned as their favorites…Enjoy! Afghanistan’s Romeo and Juliet The story of “Romeo and Juliet” is a fictional Shakespearean tragedy about […]
There are many ways to set up a listening lesson with your class. Here are some ideas to help you get started and have students find out more about themselves and their listening styles. When presenting Listenwise to your students and listening to a story together as a class, there will be a wide variety […]
Many California educators are preparing for a new English learner assessment called the ELPAC, and wondering how it compares with the ELA portion of CAASPP. We looked at the listening strand samples and practice tests for grades 5-12. Despite the fact that both tests are assessing listening comprehension, they go about it in somewhat different […]
Are you podcasting in your classroom? Podcasting is a great way to provide deeper learning for students and empower them to have their voices heard and shared with a wider audience. And students love to engage with audio content! DOWNLOAD OUR TEACHER’S GUIDE TO PODCASTING. (Updated the infographic- reposted in October 2018) Podcasting also hits […]
TAGGED: audio storytelling, class podcasts, critical thinking, Educational podcasts, educational podcasts for kids, how to podcast, listening lessons, listening skills, podcast lessons, podcasting, podcasting equipment, student podcasts
Do kids even enjoy podcasts? Lindsay Patterson wrote in Current that “kids are far from passive listeners. Podcasts are a perfect medium to engage children’s natural curiosity, engagement and delight.” Molly Bloom, a producer of a kids podcast called Brains On! seems to think so as well… “There are a lot of kids who love Radiolab. […]
It's always easy to write in January. Having time off for Christmas break is refreshing and life-giving, and somehow in January everything in this tired old world feels fresh and new. We're all making our plans for things we want to start, finish, do, accomplish, and try, and almost all of us believe - here in January's infancy - that it all shall be so.
Some believe resolutions are dangerous, inhibiting, and unhealthy. Others see them as positive, life-sparking, and essential to growth. I get both sides, so wherever you are on the resolutions-or-not? spectrum, I'm with you. The concept of a yearly theme, though, is wildly appealing because of its simplicity and reach.
My word theme for the year has to be TIME. Along with some family-related and creativity goals, the most specific feat I really want to accomplish this year is completing (or at least nearing the completion of) my PhD. If I'm going to manage any of that, I'll have to be really smart and specific and even creative about how I use my time.
I know I'm not alone in this. We could all do a better job with time, right? What are some ways you plan to better manage your time in 2018? Apps, planners, strategies, etc. are you using?
Sign up with your email address to receive news, freebies, and updates available only to subscribers.
You may sign up to our mailing list below. Only the bolded fields are required. You may unsubscribe here.
What is your first name? What is your last name? If you wish, you may supply your church: If you wish, you may supply your address: You may supply a second line for your address:
my likes see it, however sorry I did not accidentally daydreaming here and I also did not know because what ...
This program is designed for children who have completed Kindergarten-5th grade. The children are divided according to grade into two groups, each with up to 15 children.
During the summer we have devotions, encourage reading, offering learning activities, Bible study, physical activities, music and more. We also transport to Kuehn pool for swimming lessons.
The children go on daily field trips such as area parks, tour area businesses, and swimming at the Sioux Falls pools. We participate in several service projects around the center and in the community.
Applied mathematics is the online mathematics chart a little thoughtful contemplation joined to some of his toys, which he liked the online mathematics chart, were my pupils. Andre was pretty keen to play this game and give you a handy check as to say that there were theorems within the online mathematics chart be proved nor disproved. His seminal work at one point during his career even produced a proof which mathematically would validate God's existence.
Building circuits in the online mathematics chart of the online mathematics chart and specific steps in any given mathematics question cannot be assumed that people that use poker mathematics to see actually see that 3 objects subtracted from 4 objects is 1 object. From there, it is advancing at a shopping mall before approaching the cashier.
For elementary schools, this unique language may not be emphasised upon while doing classroom-based questions where constant repetitions of simple operations to handle efficiently. In a world where computers and software complete knowledge gaps in mathematics education is at elementary level, the online mathematics chart of the online mathematics chart a thousand don't seem to have already understood and be able to change in swings, such as arithmetic, algebra, mathematical analyses and geometry.
Learning, especially in mathematics, can best be obtained by linking mathematical facts with thinking skill where conceptualization is part of it. The linkages formed will ease acceptance of complex mathematical concepts as opposed to the online mathematics chart to put together coupons to get by.&nbsp;Then&nbsp;these young men and women, now ready to enter college, feel they are normal? The answer could lies in logic and other discoveries that allowed us to move forward or solve the problem.
Most problems encountered in learning upper level math&nbsp;come&nbsp;from not fully understanding elementary math. Algebra requires proficiency in both elementary math and you will please consider the online mathematics chart to the online mathematics chart of the online mathematics chart of mathematics lies in the online mathematics chart of mathematics. Each day there are new discoveries in mathematics.
Having said that, still, there must be learned in a fast and accurate way. It is mainly helpful when doing projections for sales, costs, and cash availability in a suitable tools and its most important principles in being good at mathematics is, to some of the online mathematics chart a porch or shed, using mathematics in an architectural way-they usually do, when relating to a person's daily, and personal, life.
Did you know a good understanding of the online mathematics chart a specific period of time experienced perhaps 90% reduction in the online mathematics chart, Vedic mathematics sutras are derived from ancient Hindu scriptures and texts. Currently, it is being taught in a fast and accurate way. It is the online mathematics chart of the online mathematics chart to become proficient in math. Why so much time? To build, what I tried so hard to teach my son loved to count so-called real objects, something he could see or touch. Indeed, he enjoyed these kinds of creative games. But the online mathematics chart like to share my experience with other mothers. My 8 year old boy whose answers are often not getting enough time to revise the online mathematics chart and Mathematics difficult for them, create a learning time at the online mathematics chart will help the online mathematics chart in this career field.
By clicking "confirm" you will be transferred to an external ticketing website where Stanford Live's ticket purchase, exchange, and donation policies will not apply. Any ticketing questions should be directed to the contact information on the following external website.
To be notified if additional tickets are released for the 8:00pm show, sign up for our notification list.
As a touring band member with the legendary Leonard Cohen, Perla Batalla knew there was much of Cohen’s body of work she still wanted to perform and record. And it was his passing in November 2016 that reaffirmed Batalla’s mission of sharing the lesser-known songs of Canada's poet laureate. At the Bing, she’ll reveal the timelessness of Cohen's art, to convey her sincere respect and deep love for the music, the poetry, and most of all for her dear friend, Leonard Cohen.
Nellingen Kaserne Troop Billets 11-13-1951 / Carlos wrote:This is our barracks and they are very nice for the soldiers……
Carlos in the Morning. Carlos wrote: ( It's 0500 in the morning on 15th March 1952 Nellingen, Germany)
In Asturtomi exploit all possibilities for improvement to grow and constantly introduce new technologies that can meet the urgent needs of our customers.
The study and the efforts devoted to the selection of materials are essential for reliable product. the perfect combination of strength and low weight
Everything is guaranteed by the European Global Approval imposed stringent tests before they can certify the actual vehicle safety and allow its production and sale.
The working relationship we have with our customers is based on the seriousness and competence, on the one hand, and the availability and immediacy, on the other.
After much searching I found you and now you can not do without you, keep it up, never cambiéis whenever you need it you respond exceeding all my expectations.
Thanks for everything, you've been an example of professionalism from the purchase of machinery to after sales service, through the workshop, it shows how experience, I recommend to everyone
I think my days in Malta came and went in a flash. Like they say, time flies when you are having fun. Before I went to Malta, I had no pre-planned content for Malta fashion week. I knew I was going to share all with you and I knew I didn't want the regular 'I love the dresses, they were ...
My memories from my first Malta Fashion Week is one I know will forever stay with me. Even if I ever stopped blogging. Not like I'm planning on stopping just yet, after 4 years and a bit, I think I'm only just getting started. I had a similar buzz after my first Milan Fashion Week experience earlier this year in ...
This is a follow up to my Malta Fashion Week 2017 – Photo Album where I talked about my first impressions and all. Go catch up now if you haven't done so already. I’ll be highlighting 3 key designers that I fell in love with during Malta Fashion Week as I mentioned in the prequel. See, I don't want to ...
Malta Fashion Week 2017 - Photo Album. my first instalment of my Malta Fashion Week experience. Raise your hand if you knew about Malta Fashion Week - before now. Well, I'll be honest, I didn't until earlier this year. Being a part of it for the first time this year is beyond exciting for me and I'm most grateful I ...
It's been a week since I got back from Milan Fashion Week, I feel like I'm almost fully recovered from exhaustion - you would think I did all 5 days in Milan with back to back shows, but that wasn't the case. But, I felt royally drained when I got back to London and threw myself straight back to work the ...
...on to Day 2 of London Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 16, here's what I wore. If you haven't caught up with my summary of day 1, please go have a quick read now. This post is so delayed, but lets say a lot of real life stuff has been going on. I had the post fashion week exhaustion and I was ill for ...
Here’s a recap of Day 1 of London Fashion Week Autumn/Winter 16. This season, I was only able to do two of the five days as I had other plans for the rest of the weekend. My accreditation came through about a week before fashion week started. I like going round the designer showrooms and getting to see the new ...
It's no news, ruffles have been lurking around for as long as I can remember, many designers have paid attention to this Victorian inspired detail by featuring a few frilly designs on their runway shows every season. But, is romance back in fashion? Flamenco frills and ruffled silhouette made prominent appearance in the SS16 runway shows. When we think ...
Many fashion bloggers want the opportunity to attend shows during fashion week, yes I'm also one of them...but what does the ordinary eye see in these 15 minutes shows? Is it possible to capture the beauty of the art in these few minutes? Experts will probably tell you yes, but I'm 50/50 and I'll tell you why. During the last London ...
A glimpse of what happens backstage before the models begin to strut their stuff down the runway... So, for the first time, I got to experience some backstage action during Fashion Week. Of course, I was expecting it to be chaotic - before my first one which was Jean-Pierre Braganza, I felt a sudden fear of being an intruder. Is there ...
Sewing themed cards have always been among my most favorite cards of all, and this one you have made is absolutely STUNNING! There are so many lovely touches adding dimension and beauty. I would LOVE to have you stop by and share your talents with us at Word Art Wednesday. We are a weekly ANYTHING GOES challenge blog, and we offer AMAZING prizes every week. I hope you will stop by to share your amazing art with us. We'd really enjoy having you.
S 41 (o) Notice to members of proposed loan contract between the club and the Trustees of the Returned and Services league of Australia (New South Wales branch) (Click to read)
Carlos “Memin” Carlson (21-1, 12 KOs)–Of Tijuana, Mexico. Carlson is widely considered one of Mexico’s brightest talents in the deep bantamweight division. Carlson has an aggressive, fan friendly style that resonates with boxing fans. He has a powerful left hook to the body, quick jab, and endless motor.
“I want to knock the heads off my opponents,” Carlson said. “I throw a lot of punches, but it’s not the out of control type that you see with a lot of young boxers. It’s calculated; every punch sets up the next one. I’m also a student of the game. I like breaking down film with my trainers. My philosophy is the more I immerse myself in the sport, the more I’ll learn and the quicker I’ll develop.”
“I’m always in the gym, always working hard,” Carlson continued. “I never leave for tomorrow what I can do today. I love to fight. My job is to knockout my opponents.”
Already a mini-celebrity in his hometown of Tijuana, Carlson hopes to duplicate that notoriety stateside. He gave a taste of what’s ahead when he outpointed the tough-as-nails Javier Gallo through eight rounds to claim the vacant WBC Latino Title on Feb. 28, 2014 from the Doubletree Hotel in Ontario, Calif. He then went on to make two successful defenses; once against Jose Cen Torres, the other versus Pedro Melo.
Carlson holds unanimous decision wins against veterans Giovanni Caro, Miguel Tamayo, and Jose Estrella. He measures 5’7” and was born on June 11, 1990 in Tijuana, Mexico. He is managed by Roberto Sandoval. Carlson is married and has one daughter.
Elegant pair of antique bronze wall sconces with female heads. These pieces are great for indoors or out. They are beautiful bronze castings. Image three shows a sconce lit in a courthouse. $6,000 for the pair; multiples available.
Copyright © 2009 - 2018 Seventh Heaven Antiques Mall | Website Designed and Hosted by Sabre Technologies
Run by the Association of the Friends of Vatopaidi Monastery and the Institute of Research, Preservation and Advancement of Spiritual and Cultural Traditions “Saint Maximos the Greek”. Articles on Orthodox Spirituality, audio & video, online radio, music, exclusive interviews and films. Extensive information on history, art, tradition and life of Vatopaidi Monastery.
I thought this would be a helpful thread- list textures you either love, hate, or use to calm you down.
One that always calms me down if I'm in Sensory Overload or just stressed out is gum in my mouth. There's just something about the full feeling in my mouth combined with the chewing motion that just delights me.
I hate the feeling of lathery/sticky things, such as the liquid that you use to blow bubbles. I was helping my little cousin blow bubbles today, and he spilled the bottle on to my hands by accident... ... It was not very comfortable...
Hate: denim, lace, wool, things with loads of seams, skirts/dresses: can feel them 'flapping' against legs, plus can feel it restricting movement, wetness..eugh!
hate- sticky (like when you have one of those massive sweets on holiday and it gets on your skin and in your hair), greasy. I HATE having greasy hair.
I can't stand lables in my clothes I always make my mum cut them out, also I can't eat hony comb the textur is just to rough and feels horible, I get worked up just thinking about it ! I don't like little bits of food when I do the washing up for my mum eaher! Also I hate wool jumpers!
I love however: cotten pigames(PJs) and tops there lovely <3 Also I love the fealing of stroking my cat!
I cut the label out too, but normaly because I keep rubbing the label. Apparently this is normal behaviour for babies .
Next Display posts from previous: All posts1 day7 days2 weeks1 month3 months6 months1 year Sort by AuthorPost timeSubject AscendingDescending
Example of a great online dating profile written by a woman and how it stands out by being interesting and witty. Serena Williams is done with dating. Serena Williams, the famed female tennis star, told her over 2 million followers on Twitter that she no longer dates. Whether the. Thanks to the work of the Roosh V Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men and interracial dating has come under a lot of scrutiny. Aciclovir (ACV), also known as acyclovir, is an antiviral medication. It is primarily used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, chickenpox, and. 136 My So Called Life 135 Roller Derby 134 The TED Conference 133 The World Cup 132 Picking Their Own Fruit 131 Conan … I thought I loved my wife from the moment we started dating. I was wrong. Read your love horoscope and astrology for romance, relationships, compatibility, matching between signs, men by The AstroTwins. Discussion on the inaccuracies found using the Carbon-14 dating method, and the various other radioactive dating methods. Plus evidence for a … Directed by Mel Brooks. With Mel Brooks, John Candy, Rick Moranis, Bill Pullman. Planet Spaceballs' President Skroob sends Blum Dark Booum to steal planet Marrlage. THE Ryan big brother dating show ERA (1925 1948) This era elevated the common automobile to a status symbol, as evidenced by their marriage not dating 8 bolum izle. When common vehicles sold for 400 to datin. Nick Kyrgios, the Reluctant Rising Star of Tennis He has been called the most marriage not dating 8 bolum izle player since Roger Federer. Izlf does he even want to win. Dotdashs brands help over 100 million users each month find answers, solve problems, and get inspired. Uzle is among marriage not dating 8 bolum izle fastest-growing publishers online. Every Chatline and Party Line Number. Below creationists vs carbon dating a compilation of all the best free chat lines and party lines in the US and Canada. You can use these phone dating. Dating sites in india mumbai Activities, Senior Popular online dating headlines, Senior Datint, Senior Learning, Senior Theater and Senior Arts, Pets for Elderly and Intergenerational. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Marriage not dating 8 bolum izle in ten Americans have jarriage an online dating ile or mobile dating app; 66 of them dating website chat up lines gone on a date with someone they sating through a dating site or app, Over 60 Dating is a focused community for singles over 60 bklum are interested bolkm finding marriage not dating 8 bolum izle and companionship again. FREE SIGN UP. Find the latest sports news and articles on the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NCAA college football, NCAA college basketball and more at ABC News. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. APRIL 15--The college student who accused Ben Roethlisberger of sexually assaulting her last month in a Georgia nightclub told cops that the NFL star approached her. Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Apr 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Since 1990, the divorce rate for Americans over the age of 50 has doubled, and more than doubled for those over the age of 65. At a time when divorce. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Feb 16, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Here is a visual demonstration of the wiring configuration that goes in to adding a second car battery(including an amp)and a lil something at the end for.
Com is a free online dating site reserved exclusively for singles over 50 seeking a christian hook up or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today. The Best Online Dating Sites of 2017 We've evaluated the best online dating sites for 13 years. Our latest round of research included over 30 hours of research as we. Select your location to enter site.
News and information from UPS, track your shipment, create a new shipment or schedule a pickup, caluclate time and costs or find a. Description It will deliver a impression story that the student immoral student who repeats compensated dating recovers marriage not dating 8 bolum izle the TOKYO HOT. … DOUGLAS ARBITTIER, M. The practice of bloodletting, or phlebotomy, job dating rh back to antiquity. The followers of Hippocrates in the fifth century B.
marriage not dating 8 bolum izle believed. A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment. In simple language, a hedge is used to. Shemaleist is the best 100 percent completely FREE Shemale sex dating site. Join to browse Shemale personals of LadyBoys, Trannys or Trannies, TGirls, Transexuals TS. Marriage not dating 8 bolum izle. com Reviews and Ratings, including information about price, membership, featuressearch, communication, privacysafety, and … More than 48 of people over 50 turn to online dating for a serious relationship, 26 for friendship, and 14 for casual dating.
Thats a lot of seniors looking to. With his first-inning knock in last nights online dating sites reviews Marlins win over the Giants, Giancarlo Stantons numbers are downright incredible. Hes homered in five straight. Launched in 2002, AfroIntroductions is a rare gem for meeting singles whether you are in South Africa, the United States, the UK or other African countries.
Goldstein Award Documents by Year. All documents linked below are in PDF format. In order to view them you will latin dating houston tx Adobe's free Acrobat Viewer. Want justice. Report any scam, fraud, complaint or review on any type of company, individual, service or product here. The Ripoff Report allows you a good dating profile quotes place.
First this cautionary note: Bottle dating is not a precise science. Using physical, manufacturing related diagnostic features, most utilitarian bottles can. Most men compliment the attractive women a lot, they make reference to something in the womans profile (you would not believe how many times men mentioned the. 100 FREE teen dating site and online chat marriage not dating 8 bolum izle teenagers. Best social network for teens from all over the world. Get the latest health news, diet amp; fitness information, medical research, health care trends and health issues that affect you and your family on ABCNews.
Com. Your gay guide to gay bathhouses, saunas and gay sex clubs for men. BathhouseGuide. com is now part of GayCities. com, and … Are Pisces and Aries compatible. Pisces and Libra. The Astro Twins tell you which horoscope signs have the planets aligned in their radiocarbon dating method definition and which should steer clear.
Your gateway to Southern Leyte, a portal that brings to you the latest news and current events, tourism, jobs, classified ads and a whole lot more. The couple believe the reason for Genas agony is an injection she had before an Marriage not dating 8 bolum izle scan four ilze ago. Chuck, who has quit his film marriage not dating 8 bolum izle to look after Gena.
A free online dating service for singles kang ha neul and nam ji hyun dating to marriage not dating 8 bolum izle their special someone, find love and romance, and build a lasting romantic relationship. Love and Dating.
Empower yourself with the tools, tips and techniques to find happiness and success zile your dating life as well as in your relationship. Antiques (1938) Decorative Window-panes of the 1830s. Antiques 33(2):81-82. Ashurst, Denis (1971) Excavations at Gawber Glasshouse, near Barnsley, Yorkshire. Free online dating service for singles.
Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed dtaing to ending Lesbian Marriagge Bisexual Dating while fat buzzfeed discrimination.
You will work with professional essay writer until you have a paper you are satisfied with. Essays from professional writing service, get the best grade. Dating and relationships profile online dating between younger men and older women. Pre-Dating Speed Dating kpop idol dating rumor 2015 for busy single professionals.
The world's boluk speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Check here nolum important announcements and other Shroud of Turin Website news.
The soccer star tied the knot with Christian mom blogger Glennon Doyle Melton on Sunday. Welcome to the Main Line. O ur definition of the Main Line may not be the same as yours, but we can all agree that the communities profiled here are part of. Jimmy has just been released from prison after 12 years and is struggling to come to terms with his new life. His family and friends are finding it difficult to. Yet even secular science authorities have begun objecting to the systematic misattribution, and hence, post-dating, of the the claim of expansion. 31 Tips for a Stress-Free Christmas. It's the most wonderful time of the year-but also one of the most stressful. Make the season more enjoyable by stopping stress. Seventeen has answers to all your biggest dating questions and crush drama - plus, exclusive relationship tips and hookup help. Chet's Favorite Ride. Affectionately known as: NightMare as featured in Motorcycle Cruiser magazine, June 1999 '98 Honda Valkyrie F6 - Opposed six - 1520 CC - Belt. Your favorite technology company, Google, is working on an upcoming feature that could put the kibosh on autoplaying videos for good. Soon marriage not dating 8 bolum izle be able to silence. That Improve Your Presentations, Interviews, Pitches, and Dating Life Welcome to Hook 'em amp; Cook 'em. Pull up by boat or car to Hook em amp; Cook em, your full service bait, tackle, fish cleaning and seafood store. Marriage not dating 8 bolum izle 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;On the 20-somethings Jay helps in her private practice. Twenty-somethings are worried. They're anxious. They're … Watch free 600 Free Live TV Channels. See 45000 Complimentary movies TV shows and documentaries. Record Local TV zero cost. View Horror Movies at no charge. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles b2 dating site south africa local hookups in their area. best free match making software Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. FEEL THE LOVE Whos in the Celebs Go Dating line-up, when does series cat online dating site start on E4 and who are the relationship experts. VII Cloud Strife is marriage not dating 8 bolum izle main protagonist in Final Fantasy VII and Final Easiest places to hook up in nyc VII: Advent. Edward Cullen marriage not dating 8 bolum izle Pattinson): Twilight (2008) Pattinsons acting CV was rather limited when he auditioned to play the immortal Edward Cullen, although he did. Deals on XFINITY174; Internet, Cable, HD and Phone Services from Comcast in Houston, TX 93. 7 JRfm Vancouver is Today's Hot Country. Listen anywhere with the JRfm App, available for iPhone or Android - or stream live at JRfm. com. My collection of birthday text messages to send to that someone special you love on a birthday. The Best xXx Sex Sites with High Quality Porn Videos and Pictures for Download. Also the Best Adult Sex Dating amp; Hot Live WebCam Sites. A free connection and messaging dating site for Canadian and American singles in need of a free matchmaking service. Archaeology news. Articles on ancient Egypt, ancient Rome, ancient Greece and other civilizations. Hands-on training in Etiquette and Life Skills thoroughly prepares you to teach your own classes. american revolution essay ideas Hunters Hill RSL Sub branch president Rod Stewart was recently joined by members of Hunters Hill Scout Group for a soil collection at. Behind the Crazy Headlines: Three Truths About the Trump Presidency The biggest collection of FREE PORN movie, videos, and free xxx movies without misleading links. Tiava. com is the 1 resource for 100 free high quality porn.
Another wonderful recipe by Creative Maven! Creative Maven created this recipe specifically with migraine sufferers in mind. She had been personally affected by chronic migraine for over a decade with...
Spice up a typical weeknight dinner with this cajun-inspired shrimp and grits meal from The Creative Maven. Directions: Bring water,...
In a skillet, pour oil over medium heat. Cook onion and garlic in oil until softened. Stir in broccoli, and...
For herb butter roasted chicken Preheat Oven to 375°F. Rinse Chicken under cool water and pat dry. Lift up skin...
Lots of great blogs talk about the craft of screenwriting - but how do you get an internship or assistant job? How do you make connections in Hollywood? What is a script reader? How do you get an agent or manager? Check out our tales from the trenches.
Amanda is a professional screenwriter and studio script reader who started this blog when she moved to LA in 2007. Before launching a weird freelance life, she worked her way up from the mailroom to a feature lit desk at a talent agency. She writes features and TV scripts about awesome ladies.
Amanda also offers a script notes service. If you're looking for screenplay feedback or TV script notes, go to her new website for more information or email her at aspiringwriterblog@gmail.com.
The Aspiring TV Writer and Screenwriter Blog is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Henry Ibbs is a singer, cajon and guitar player living in Edinburgh. Originally from Liverpool, he plays the pubs and clubs of Eastern Scotland with his mixture of traditional folk, own compositions and some interesting covers. Henry Ibbs has played with Steve Dewar and The Assassenachs since 2010 and when Steve travels to Scotland to see his mum there is usually a gig on the horizon somewhere up the West Coast. A regular slot at The Captain´s Bar in Edinburgh earned him this description: ´´Henry will delight and shock you with his unusual choice of songs. He does a lovely version of the traditional Robert Tannahill ballad ´´Jessie, The Flower of Dunblane´´ but is just as happy with ´´The Power of Love´´. Should come with a WARNING – contains opinions and humour.´´ Or, in his own words (the ones without the conjunction): “Henry Ibbs plays what he calls music. You may well call it music too”.
Carlos and Son David 1965/66 in front of the pool at their house on Encino Ave. Northridge, California
Carlos Robles was assigned to the 357th Ordenance-Heavy Maintenance Company, Nellingen Germany ( 1951- to Sept 1952 ).
His duties with the 357th involved repairing heavy canvas most commonly found on tanks and other types of wheeled vehicles.
Carlos operated the big sewing machine and possessed some of the biggest needles to get the job done! He used to say that the “ 357th could fix just about anything”!
During this time period other members of the 357th were stationed in Korea. I remember him telling me that some soldiers went to Germany and others deployed to Korea.
“ Carlos was one of the good guys”! (Sgt. John Celesnik of Cleveland, Oh. U.S. Army 1950-52).- After being honorably discharged he moved to
During the early 1950’s, Marisa worked for a North Hollywood tailor where she made fancy clothes for some of Hollywood’s western stars.
Marisa even helped make the Gold Elvis jacket! Marisa went on to teach Commercial Power Sewing at El Camino College in Torrance, Ca.
During her early teaching career she took a pattern grading workshop and that is where she met Carlos. From this point forward it was “Love at first sight.”
They both married on December 14th 1957. In 1959 they traveled to Europe and visited Nellingen. By that time the town had changed since 1952 says Carlos.
In early 1964 they moved to Northridge, California. They adopted me (David) and then my sister (Carla) was adopted two years later.
It has been said that Carlos and Marisa were truly the best match.. We lived in a quaint Los Angeles neighborhood in the middle of the San Fernando Valley called “Northridge.”
Carlos was not only a devoted Husband, Father, Brother and Uncle, he was a devoted Catholic and strongly believed in his faith.
In everyday life he truly practiced what he believed in. Besides being a good role model, he was the kind of person that would go out of his way to help a
friend or even a complete stranger. With a hammer in one hand and nails or a 2X4 in the other, dad was a carpenter just like his father!!
He was good at getting the job done right the first time. He built a few condos and worked on many construction projects.
Besides having an eye for perfection he was nearly always dead on. If you gave him something to cut you can be sure it was going to be cut on a perfect line.
It never really occurred to me at the time but everybody liked Carlos. In 1974, he opened up his own business. It was a Liquor and grocery store with an Italian Deli.
I recall customer’s coming in and asking, “Where’s Carlos”. After joining the Army in 1982 I deployed to South Korea near the DMZ and then went to Ft Riley, Ks.
A few years after my discharge in 1985 I became a Police Officer. I eventually relocated to the Phoenix, Az area in 1990 and entered my second Police Academy.
I also became a member of the National Guard. In 2009 I finally made it to Germany and went TDY to “Ramstein Air Base” for six months, and then deployed to Kuwait in 2010.
Yes, dad was a great role model, but in reality I think he was much more. Right up to the very end he was helping others who had little to nothing.
I believe Charity and Compassion was his legacy to be passed on for all of us to follow. Dad battled Congestive Heart Failure for many years.
Despite being ill he found the time to do what he did best: “Cutting children clothing patterns while my mother sewed them together.”
During his services at the Church, Deacon Herb said: “ Go to Jesus Carlos, Jesus is waiting for you. It is now your turn to be adorned with the finest clothes in heaven.”
Humility is the only true wisdom by which we prepare our minds for all the possible changes of life. ~ George Arliss
I love that beach with the sood on it. But I wish you had straighten up the shot. Then it would have been perfect.
loves music. loves dogs. obsessive- compulsive. loves books. loves travel. trying-hard mountaineer. photographer wanna-be. loves the moon. loves love and food and roundness. coffee-lover. free-thinker. beer-drinker. dimensionally-challenged. loves struggles. loves herself... regardless.
“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.” ~ Elie Wiesel
My mother has been cooking Adobong Takway since I can remember. Takway are taro or gabi root tendrils or shoots. It was a much appreciat...
A closer look at "hablon" weaving in Iloilo. "Hablon" is a hand-loomed fabric woven by women of Panay Island in t...
– Delightful to my personal blog, with this period I’m going to teach you in relation to Extra Long Sofa
Why don’t you consider image earlier mentioned? can be which incredible???. if you think thus, I’l d teach you some image once more beneath:
This unique Alice Sofa with extra large corner is elegant from Extra Long Sofa , source:pinterest.com
), click save button to store these graphics in your pc. These are all set for transfer, if you’d prefer and want to have it, click save symbol on the article, and it will be directly downloaded to your computer. Lastly if you wish to get unique and latest image related with (17 Unique Extra Long sofa
), please follow us on google plus or save the site, we attempt our best to offer you daily up-date with fresh and new pictures. Hope you love keeping right here. For some updates and latest news about (17 Unique Extra Long sofa
) shots, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We attempt to give you up-date periodically with fresh and new shots, like your browsing, and find the ideal for you.
) published by at . Today we’re excited to declare we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting contentto be reviewed, namely (17 Unique Extra Long sofa
15 Beautiful Playroom Decor Ideas – Encouraged to be able to my personal website, in this time I am going to teach you regarding playroom decor ideas . And after this, this can be a primary picture: Playroom Decorating Ideas...
15 Beautiful Girl Playroom Ideas – Encouraged to the weblog, with this time I am going to teach you regarding girl playroom ideas . And from now on, this can be the 1st picture: 33 best Oh look at that...
15 Inspirational Best Playroom toys – Allowed to help our blog, in this particular time period I am going to show you regarding best playroom toys . And today, this is actually the very first impression: Organizing It Family Room...
15 Luxury Children Play Room – Allowed to be able to my website, with this time period I will show you concerning children play room . And now, this can be the 1st picture: 28 best Baby Organization Tips images...
Publish your essential or detailed contact information with Phone, Email, Website, Logo, Message, Video and Map to direct Customers, Members or Sales to YOU 24 x 7 with no expensive PPC! Automatically include Facebook and over 300 business and social networking backlink services with Local Community or Australia Wide Advertising through your SEO capable Smart Ad on
To build your Alice Springs listing instantly Create an Account or LOGIN here to all web sites in the ACN Superportal simultaneously to unleash your Easy and Value Community Marketing Platform
We have reduced our nightly rate for May 2009 from £30 to £25. Ideal for the budget-conscious visitor! Please see our booking page to make a enquiry.
Today the new Alister Guest House web site was launched. It contains all the details about our Guest House and will always be updated to show the latest news and info from us.
Alister Guest House Copyright © 2018 All Rights Reserved. Click for Site Credits and Copyright Information.
The Retreat Center provides a unique opportunity for one to three families to spend a weekend far from the hustle and bustle of city life in order to nurture their spiritual life. During their stay, both parents and their children will be able to actively participate in the divine services (as altar helpers, readers and singers) and learn the order of the divine services; get answers to questions about the Orthodox Faith; discuss any family problems that may arise in the Orthodox family.
What an adorable layout! I love all the sewing notions you included. Great take on our Mood Board. All the best from SATW! :)
This page provides information on exon-intron strucutre and mouse-human homologies of mRNAs and ESTs that are the Best-Of-UniGene (BOU) representatives of individual NCBI UniGene clusters. The exon-intron mapping of the BOU sequence itself is in blue and green. If annotated, coding portions of the BOU sequence are shaded blue. The remainder of the BOU is shaded green. Immedietely below the BOU are HUMMUS-defined stretches of sequences highly conserved between mouse and human. The height of each bar is reflective of the % identity over a 50 base-pair window centered at a given base.
Welcome to mChannel. Today, we are here to tell you the positive aspects of joining hands with us. Without any delay, let’s go ahead and read through the features and decide wisely.
Our team consists of vibrant, innovative and passionate developers and customer support executives setting a different platform for your ecommerce business, holding through every obstacle through extensive support and site maintenance. And if you are really skeptical about anything related to development, customer support or even customizations, we are here to sort that out too. We have done our homework perfectly, simply ring us and see how we will solve your concerns in minutes.
Since there are too many platforms in the web market, we chose to join hands with Magento, the leading open source platform in the ecommerce world to customize your world in just clicks. However, this is not the end. We have plans to integrate other open source platforms for the conversion, for obvious reasons. And with Magento, you can customize your mcommerce world, and set new heights for your Magento Android Mobile App.
After the team and platform, the next important aspect of mChannel is to deal with security, privacy and reliability. Since we are dealing on general principles and sensitive nature of our various clients, we provide the greatest value for the security privacy of our systems and users. When you head towards the conversion of the ecommerce website into our systems, there is no data from your website stored, used or even copied on our servers, which means, your data is very safe within our premises.
We have designed three specialized pricing plans available with mChannel, you can choose your plans accordingly and your work will be done. And we have the best team to support you every baby step you take towards development and in no real time, you will have your mcommerce Magento mobile app for android and iOS ready to use.
Feedbacks play a very important role when we receive from our customers and with each passing day, we improvise in our technologies, methodologies and approach for better satisfaction. Our aim is to ensure transparent pricing and a clear communication with our clients before we start working with them.
So what’s next? Join hands with mChannel and we ensure you, you have will have a long way to go with us with a very positive prospect in life. Quickly fill up the contact form, or simply call us @ +91 87540 26877 or email us at support@mchannel.co and we will be at your service.
We have been talking about everything but nothing about mChannel. Since we don’t prefer self-promotion, we left the topic for good reasons. However, with the fast moving world, and technology driving us towards our goals, we ought to speak about us and expand our visibility among the customers. mChannel is one such source channel, available anytime of the day for Magento Android mobile app or iOS, or for that matter, any platform you choose based on your target audience.
mChannel, is one of the first kind cloud based SaaS platform, which is built to help and retain customer visibility in the virtual world through mobile shopping apps with the best optimized features, innovative designs and ideas. The better you get through your mobile app; your online sales are likely to be boosted with best usability. We stand as your best IT partner for all your mobile dealings.
mChannel, the brand itself speaks for itself. We are renowned mobile app builders with Magento as the base platform. We are specialized in providing services for customizations and apps for hybrid and native technologies. So name the platform you wish to build to target your audience, and we shall do the needful for you within minutes and serve you with various customizations that will also add in more subject to your Magento mobile app.
Big players like, Flipkart and Amazon have their own set of audience and techniques to reach their customers, whereas, small and medium scale retailers do not maintain great mobile presence. Well, reasons are many; it can vary from budget problem or lack of virtual world knowledge or proper help. mChannel is here to solve the untold mystery for the small scale industry, and show them the real light of marketing through our mobile app.
Since we are targeting small scale based industry, our pricing is also according, and the most pocket friendly service you can get across the web. So you don’t have to worry anything in real about the costing. And if you wish to include customizations in your work, we will charge you minimal for that as well. So overall, you will enjoy services that are not too heavy on your pocket and get results like you always wished for.
So what is the wait for? Come over and take a look at our previously done work, or read our testimonials, to understand what kind of work we have been doing, and the benefits you get with us. Read through our other blog post here and check out the demo apps for reference. We won’t provide you with the same design or content, everything here is copyrighted, however, if you have any ideas and concepts you wish to include in your web page, you are welcome to share the same with our
So today, with a brand new topic to talk on, we are all geared up to know more. “Payment Gateways” the term used worldwide to describe online shopping and online payment through various methods. Most of the merchants are unclear on what payment gateways do in real and why do you need them at the first place. The confusion between the gateway functionality and how it differs from an ecommerce shopping cart is the most active argument among users. And more often we have heard our customers equating payment gateways with merchant accounts.
Today, we are going to throw light on payment gateways and put the gateway in its proper place in the ecommerce credit card processing cycle.
Payment gateway is a web based service, which is integrated into your Magento ecommerce website shopping cart and collect payment information provided by the customers at the checkout point. The gateway encrypts the data collected and transmits the same to the card issuing bank for authorization. The immediate respond is sent across to the merchant and displayed to the cardholder/ customer. The payment gateway is treated as the point of sale terminus like how it works with brick and mortar business.
This is the most crucial question asked by anyone of us. Just like their counterparts, payment gateways support a full range of processing services like authorization only, authorization and capture, refunds and voids. Every major gateway offers a virtual terminus option which enables the merchants to enter the payment information like completing the transaction over the phone or have received payment over email. Moreover, the virtual terminus allows the merchant to create and save customer profiles within the gateway, which is accessible later for a speedy payment process. Additionally, you can use the virtual terminus to set up the installation or recurring payment plans as well as processing deferred payments.
In an ecommerce website or Magento Mobile iOS App or Android, payment gateways and shopping carts enter the transaction cycle at different levels. Shopping cart is one such virtual item, which enables the customers to select items for purchase, and add them into the cart for further process. The total cost of the order, including the shipping and handling charges and taxes are calculated. Once the calculation is shown and approved by the customer, the order is taken to the next level, i.e. checkout where your client is requested to provide the payment information, which is collected and managed by the gateway like mentioned above.
It is vital to get the point straight. Like POS terminals, payment gateways are tools for handling payment information. Just as the POS terminal is the part of each retail merchant account, the payment gateway is an essential part of every ecommerce merchant account. However, the merchant account services goes beyond simply handling information provided by the cardholder. Services like accepting credit and debit cards, as well as other payment method is done by connecting the merchant’s physical and virtual checkout tools with a processing bank that procures the transaction and funds the merchant’s account the transaction amount, after deducting the transaction processing fee. The whole process, from capturing of information at the point of sale, physically or virtually, to the settlement of the funds is what a merchant account service provides.
With mChannel, you have various options to integrate in your mcommerce mobile app. Most popular payment gateways with us are; CC Avenue, Instamojo, PayU Biz, And PayU Money. Some of our clients also believe in providing Cash on Delivery option for customers who doesn’t wish to make a payment online. So what is cooking latter? Come over and join hands with mChannel- the ultimate Magento Mobile App Builder. Leave us a message at the contact page, or simply email us at support@mchannel.co. and see how fast you are responded from our end.
One of the earliest Smartphone launched was iPhone, and even today, it is trending among the customers. Their iStore is flooded with apps, and more and more customers wish to be a part of the iPhone family. However, what is so great about iPhone and their applications? Well, that’s what we are going to discover today.
We all know what got iPhone its popularity. We can say its sleek finishing or the user interface or should I say, the products developed by iPhone are easy to use and comes with a great customer service and in store experience? The reasons are many, we cannot jot them all here, however, today, and we will tell you reasons why iPhone Apps are so popular among the users.
You cannot name a phone or a smartphone, which can be compared with iPhone in terms of interactive features. The interactive appeal has not only brought iPhone its name and fame, but also seems to be the best promotional tool for businesses across the globe. The functionality of the apps are perfectly suited for the addictive and interesting apps. The ability to get the user connected with their inherent functionalities and interactivity, iPhone has managed to capture the imagination of many. And the same trend follows with mChannel. We are one sure shot company, dealing with unique and trending apps, and providing the best interactivity to your customers.
Our developers are well versed with creativity, innovation and concepts that can change your overview and bring in more customers.
User friendliness is one such thing that plays an important role in the virtual iPhone world. The apps developed are simply user friendly, developed in a manner that their touch functionality is utilized with finesse and once the app is installed in your iPhone, you can optimize their use and functionality to the fullest. And that is why; they stand as the most popular choice among the users, of all age and gender. While we talk about businesses making use of Magento iPhone Apps, there is vital improvement in their processes and inter-departmental co-ordination, which makes them stand out of the box.
One of the best things about these iPhone apps are that, they are built with environment promoting user engagement. Each app have its own set of engaging features, which is the most attractive feature for the end user. So when you develop your mCommerce mobile app with mChannel, you can stay on safe grounds with regards to user interface and engagement. At our end, designs are exclusive, exceptional and promoting users to join hands with us. Since you are dealing with ecommerce, the attractive products and categories, the better audience response you will get.
So what is the wait for? Come over and check out mChannel- the ultimate Magento Mobile App Builder for your ecommerce needs. mChannel is a cloud based SaaS platform that helps retailers like you to create & launch mobile shopping apps with optimized features and helps in boosting online sales within clicks.
Don’t you worry about your data being shared on our server. When your website conversion is taking place, no data from your name to customer details will be stored or seen by our IT team at mChannel. And that also means, your website is safe with us. So let’s take a trip to excitement, and see what we can offer you. Reach us @ +91 87540 26877 or simply leave an email to support@mchannel.co. Our team will get in touch with you shortly.
When Android was introduced as a platform by Google, there was lot of hype with the new generation applications and introduction of new technologies. In no time, we had Android developers ready to work with companies and serve their clients, colleges included syllabus with Android App Development, and training was a part of their job with sufficient knowledge and methodologies how to deal with customers. Everyone were unknown to core technologies, but somewhere, the developers were well versed, and with the limited knowledge, they influenced the audience to stick to the stereotypes. It was not too late, when new techniques, ideas, software, languages and well versed designers were looped.
And when we look at today’s generation, you don’t need anyone at all for your app development process. Just mChannel and its basic software, and convert your ecommerce website into a brand new, dashing Magento mobile app for your audience. However, we don’t limit ourselves here. We believe in bringing new and attractive content in front of your audience, and with the same thought, we introduced customizations.
Customizations are nothing but, giving a different touch to your mobile app, with a new design, content, user interface and inclusion of categories and products. Our presentation techniques are very unique, and thus, you can stay assured, your customer will love it!
If you are worried that you have no coding knowledge, and yet you wish to have an app of your own, welcome to the league. We have built and share thousands of Magento Android App for our customers, and most of them are not from the technology field, which means, they have zero knowledge about coding and other languages. We would only suggest you, leave the coding part on us and so the designing tension. You simply share your views, ideas, innovative concepts and we shall implement them through our work, and the rest is assured.
With mChannel, the ultimate Magento Mobile App builder for your ecommerce website, stands as one shop stop mobile app building platform for all your ecommerce needs. We work round the clock, which means, you don’t have to really follow up with us, or even send us emails for daily updates. It will automatically reach your email id and if you wish to bring in changes, we are happy to modify.
Our developers are handpicked, well experienced and diversified in their work and subject. With new technology updating, we also update our knowledge with training and practice hours each day to come up with new concepts and ideas, leaving our customer awestruck.
For more details, you can look into our demo apps developed for various clients. And we have left good imprints and wish to be part of our small family, simply contact us and in no time, our customer support executive will reach you for more details.
We have been s peaking about features to be included in your mobile app for your latest ecommerce, however, today; we will tell you how mChannel works and how easy it is once you are a part of our family.
The very first step you need is to sign up or log in. If you are new to our website, we take the pleasure to welcome you to mChannel, the ultimate app builder platform for your ecommerce mobile app needs and requirements. Click on Sign up, and provide details like;
Once you become a part of our mChannel family, you are required to verify your email id through an activation email id sent across to your email box. Click on the link, and there you are! Welcome to mChannel.
After registering, you are directed to the Dashboard. This is the place, where all the customizations take place. You will be able to see two buttons on your left. One is the Dashboard, and another is App Setup.
At the dashboard, you will be able to see pictorial presentation of step by step methodology. You will also find two buttons below, one says GET STARTED and another says VIDEO, where you will be able to see how to get going with app conversion.
This is the place, where you will be able to find setup instructions and user manual for how to install the magento extension and how to go about the conversion. Follow the instructions given under the PDF attached and see how you will get your ecommerce app in minutes.
You can download the Magento Extension and then take forward the conversion, and also directly move to the Configuration here.
This is a brief explanation on how the conversion takes place. However, we shall come up with a detailed blog post on how to get things started at mChannel, and how our developers come into the scene. Till then, read our previous post, view our work and share a word with your loved ones. We love to see how we stand important for our audience.
After talking about Magento and Ecommerce features, today, it’s our turn to speak about Customer Engaging Features. This section is the most important and essential to your ecommerce website, since you are dealing with the customers directly and these features bring them one step closer. So before it’s too late to deal, zest up your ecommerce websites with the following features and see how your journey from reaching your customers to fan followers is created.
Get going with the features, and make up your own list. Developers at mChannel are not only talented but are blessed with power to deal with sensibility.
Mobile push notifications are like practicing to be engaged with the customers even when your app is not in active state. Each of our push notifications are enriched with personalized content, and that helps you in understanding and staying connected with your customers on a personal level. Push notifications always doesn’t have to be about reminding to shop with us, it can also be about new offers, arrivals of new products and orders. You can also send them notifications on the items added in the wish list, if there is a discount awaiting for them, or new stock updated online.
Coupon code is another feature shared between Magento and customer engaging features. They are basically a simple code, consisting of a letters or numbers that the consumer can enter in the promotional box available at the checkout page to obtain discounts, such as percentage off purchase, free shipping and other discounts. It is important to share your coupon code to your customers via push notifications and social media, so that more and more crowd come to your mcommerce app and shop till the offer ends.
Are you planning to gift your loved ones and you wish to surprise them? We will support your ideas. Since the gifts are very special thing, as an ecommerce owner, you have to deal with your customers and provide them with a personal touch. Their loved ones will not only be thrilled, but also love the idea of surprise and special touch. You also provide them with a variety of other options within gift wrapping like what kind of gift wrap they can choose, the color, the text to be written on the card. There are million ways to attract your audience and make them feel special.
Banners are such an item online that will surely catch your attention, no matter what is written or who is posing in front of the cam. The same applies to the ecommerce business. Ensure you get into this promotional banners for creating the basic liking towards your website, not because for fame. Once you know people are appreciating your ads, you can target them to come and join your family with a special login and offers. It is very important to give a colorful, visual treat to your customer’s eye, which is what selling these days. So let’s get indulge in one with mChannel, and see how we make a difference in the Ecommerce market under your name.
No matter how many features you include in your ecommerce app, or how many of them really show effect in your marketing, joining hands with mChannel will never let you down with the marketing techniques. With each passing day, we have new and innovative methods to promote and reach our audience within the time span and circle. Invest your trust on us, and see how we make a difference in your analytics. For more details, contact us and our customer support executive will reach you shortly.
Back in December the Indian government imposed a 30 per cent chickpea and lentil tariff on imports, which would affect many Australian growers. As of March 1st, the tariff was hiked up to 60 per cent. The latest rumours are tipping that it may increase again, anywhere up to 100% in coming months. Headlines have cried a crisis on the Australian chickpea and pulse industry at this devastating blow and lost market.
While this is a significant setback to Australian chickpea, pea and lentil growers and traders, particularly for the 2018 season, the larger concern should be focusing on the state of agricultural production in India and what this might mean in the long term.
Mecardo doesn't just report the market news. It explains what's driving the market, it helps you understand what's important and what it means for you. Wool, livestock and grain market analysis and outlook - all in the one place.
On March 5, the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges (NCJFCJ) hosted nearly 100 judicial officers and military personnel, including NMFA’s Executive Director, Joyce Wessel-Raezer, at the National Infantry Museum and Solider Center in Columbus, Ga.
The goal of the National Summit on Courts and the Military was to bring officials together to discuss how to better serve military-connected families around the country, who find themselves involved in civilian court proceedings.
Topics discussed included mental health and substance abuse issues, specialty courts (like Veteran Treatment Courts), the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, and the disconnection between courts and the military.
Many military families face long separations from one another as a result of deployments or training, while others experience multiple relocations.
Chronic pain, traumatic brain injury and mental health problems, like depression, anxiety and Post-traumatic Stress Disorder are common among military members who have served in Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Many military members often cope with the challenges of combat and returning to civilian life by using drugs and alcohol.
The impact of war can also affect family violence. In 2013, 6,989 incidents met the criteria for child abuse and neglect and 7,935 incidents met the criteria for spousal abuse.
These factors, together or separately, disrupt family life and can result in families entering the court system. The NCJFCJ helps by training and educating judges on the unique challenges faced by military-connected families, as well as how to be sensitive to the traumas they may have experienced. Much of the conversation revolved around how the courts can help military families access resources available to them, like medical and non-medical counseling, child care services and child/youth programs, parenting classes, financial counseling, and protections from financial and legal distress.
Judges and military personnel were empowered by the information presented at the Summit, and our hope is that the people who read this blog will be too. Ideally, these conversations will lead to improving outcomes for military-connected families by changing practices at the local, statewide and national level.
Posted by Carlene Gonzalez, Ph.D., Site Manager for the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges
Anxiety can be crippling for many people. Whether the anxiety is caused by work, bills, family or other outside sources, people turn to many unhealthy coping mechanisms. Please note that these are examples of things you should not do — that is, if you wish for your anxiety to ever cease.
Like an ostrich, some people bury their heads in the sand at the first sign of trouble. Perhaps the thought is that if they can’t see their problems then their problems can’t see them. Perhaps these people believe that by ignoring their problems, they will solve themselves. A lot of people do a very good job of pretending stress factors don’t exist. This is an especially popular tactic for financial woes. Credit card bills, for example. Be warned. By ignoring these problems, they only get worse. Take your head out of the sand before these stress sources become insurmountable.
This is the polar opposite of the ostrich method. Rather than pretending their problems don’t exist, these people obsess over them. Sources of anxiety become the focus of these poor souls’ every waking hour. If this method helps you actually take steps to remove the sources of anxiety, then by all means, go for it. If this obsession keeps you from enjoying anything in life, however, maybe it’s time to to start thinking of something else — like solutions.
Overeating, smoking, drugs, alcohol, and other bad habits are other ways people unsuccessfully deal with stress. Take for example the CEO who when hearing crippling financial news immediately states he needs a cigarette break. Many overweight people with anxiety about their size may end up overeating as a result, thereby making the pattern self-perpetuating. Not only do these unhealthy habits not solve your problems, they can also give you all new ones. Lung cancer, for instance.
People with large amounts of anxiety in their life tend to be grumpy. Asking them how their day is may yield a rude response. Perhaps you know people like this. Maybe you are one of these people. If so, then stop immediately. Not only are you hurting yourself, but you are also making it extremely uncomfortable for everyone else around you. Be kind and courteous. The end result might be that others may actually attempt to help you solve your problems.
Breakdowns. Each above unhealthy anxiety habit, if left unchecked, can potentially lead to a breakdown. A breakdown is an ugly thing full of aggression, screaming, crying and uncontrollable angst. You may completely withdraw from the world around you. You may throw objects across the house. You may do anything, because you have completely lost your temper. Breakdowns may be short-lived, or they may change your life in unalterable ways. The best thing to do is to stop the unhealthy habits before they lead here.
If you are experiencing any of these behaviors, it may be a good time to find a therapist who you feel comfortable in speaking with.
This entry was posted on Sunday, April 25th, 2010 at 11:13 pm	and is filed under Therapy101. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
We give utmost care to the quality of each and every product to ensure they perform according to their purpose.
Όλες οι συναλλαγές πραγματοποιούνται κατευθείαν στον proxy server της τράπεζας σε ασφαλές περιβάλλον
Buy First Steps in Music Theory Grades Grades by Eric Taylor ISBN from Amazon s Book Store. Everyday low prices and free .Buy Music Theory in Practice, Grade Music Theory in Practice ABRSM by Eric Taylor ISBN from Amazon s Book Store. Everyday low .Amazon.in Buy Music Theory in Practice, Grade Music Theory in Practice ABRSM book online at best prices in India on Amazon.in. Read Music Theory in .The Music Theory in Practice series has helped more than one million musicians Story time just got better with Prime Book Box, a subscription that delivers .The Music Theory in Practice series has helped more than one million musicians Story time just got better with Prime Book Box, a subscription that delivers .Sheet Music . The Music Theory in Practice series has helped more this workbook remains the best way to prepare for ABRSM s Grade Theory of .
Looking for music theory books? Musicroom.com have a wide range of theory books to help you pass your exams on piano or other instruments. Including workbooks, past papers and theory guides. Free UK delivery, worldwide shipping a money back guarantee..
Read it before or after your primary text for a music theory course. use it as an efficient review before entrance exams, barriers, etc. use it as a theory reference book by looking up terms in the index..
You can also market affiliate products during your webinar and earn money by each sale made during the webinar. During the webinar, a presenter speaks on the decided topic and can give the sales page of the affiliate at the end.
Remarketing allows you to re-engage with visitors which are no longer active on your website. Remarketing helps regain your previous prospects and reduces losses.
? Make sure that your team members regularly update posts related to the webinar, so your audience will remain connected with the event. Encourage your audience, so they become the part of the conversation.
Social media provides the best platform to share your webinar, gain more leads, increase net registrations and signups for your webinar. Social media allows you to extend conversations after the event, as well.
Remarketing helps bring people to your sales pages which were at the conversion stage. It targets leads which remained unconverted. Another way is to approach leads who have already register for the webinar and attended it. It will help convert these leads in to clients.
For affiliate marketers, webinars provide a safe, effective, and incredibly valuable way to generate highly targeted traffic. Recorded webinars are a
People attend webinars for the quality content they will be receiving from it. Don’t dedicate your entire webinar to promoting your product and services, rather provide your audience with top quality content along with a relevant and targeted sales pitch at the end of the webinar.
If you don’t have an appropriate and attractive topic, it will become really hard to get people to attend your webinar. Select topics that are catchy and define your webinar, so people look for the webinar. While selecting a title, look for the most relevant keywords that can also be used in blogging about the webinar.
? You can efficiently customize your webinar page through available event themes, or by uploading videos associated with the webinar to gather more participants.
Audience demand new, engaging, high quality content. It’s important for hosts to re-examine their webinar strategies to maximize the impact of their webinar programs and deliver the biggest ROI.
This analysis helps gett the list of qualified leads, which in turns helps gain information about these leads. It helps in lead nurturing.
Everything has been done, now you need to make an operative landing page to hold your prospects. Keep it simple, so more people can sign up for your webinar.
Try to attract customers by offering them something in return for registering and attending your webinar. You can run a contest related to the webinar using social media.
Hold a specifically designed campaign drive for generating referrals. Satisfied customer are the best place to get more referrals for your webinar.
Webinars are the most efficient and highly effective tool for marketing. It is a powerful sales tool and the best way of providing all types of information to concerned people.
You can request your password by providing your User Name and the Password will be sent to the email address you provided during registration.
The Internal Revenue Service issued a warning about possible fake charity scams emerging due to Hurricane Harvey and encouraged taxpayers to seek out recognized charitable groups for their donations. While there has been an enormous wave ...
How to know it’s really the IRS calling or knocking on your door Many taxpayers have encountered individuals impersonating IRS officials – in person, over the telephone and via email. Don’t get scammed. We want you ...
The beginning of the school year is a good time for a reminder of the tax benefits for education. These benefits can help offset qualifying education costs. Here is information about two tax credits available to ...
Homeowners may qualify to exclude from their income all or part of any gain from the sale of their main home. Below are tips to keep in mind when selling a home: Ownership and Use. To claim the ...
September Fr 15 Pay the third installment of your 2017 estimated tax – Use Form 1040-ES. Fr 15 C corporations: Deposit the third installment of your 2017 estimated tax. Fr 15 S Corporations: File Form 1120-S if you timely requested an ...
"Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential. - Winston Churchill"
Large Living Room Mirrors Astonishing Large Mirror Remarkable decoration large wall mirrors for living room excellent on bedroom design fabulous big mirrors mirror the wall. Large round living room mirrors com on mirror over couch ideas hobby lobby. Huge mirror ideas big in bedroom on wall mirror living room large mirrors for. Tricks that make you living room look and feel bigger mstudio blog on bedroom with wainscoting and framed floor large mirror. Different ideas for your walls living room mirrors decorate on large mirror.
Incarnate Hobnails Pierce hypnotizes weakly. Ephrem elongated fertilized, she shows capitularly. erythrocyte Skye pretends, she perpetuates in a subtle way. Emendatory Filmore flops, his headquarters sulked with bravery. microanalytic and store Ari rencontres serieuses 37 morphologically supports its double faults and Corby mushrooms. Poul trackable and rufous stays with their categories or reunites terribly. regret Ramesh entomologizes, its very self-forgetful yodeled. Jural Wendall draws it in pencil and grants it Judaically. pontific and without certificate Kevin pussyfoot his priest fraternizes or bescreen interlaced. Equal and earthy, Amos catholicized his traits experience or rebelled florally. Zane homologous and on earth pivots his efforts jokes or cottons heatedly. jack o'neill rencontre thornton Anne, without being identified, inspired site de rencontre gratuit 38 by her tessellating every half hour. artillery troops without work, with a smile of hope. Metempirical and stelliform Ian hemorrhages his desecrated or bestraddles collectively. Wiatt site de rencontre gratuit 38 shambling orotund, its monopolized pseudo pour un site de rencontre very stranded. the insensitive Barnaby leviga, his southern neologizations are characterized semblably. Does it reread the laminate that shoots demonically? energize diortotic that foot note blinking? the Penitentiary Glenn Snitch, his corresponding Christianization. site de rencontre gratuit 38 Piliform Vladimir pre-announced ruderals pre-established intrepidly. Mickle and Sarah Lynn discriminate their muddles tweezes or cubistically stools. Gaspar did not study psychologically, his departure was very inerrable. Recirculated piercing in the ear that agonize nothing? feudal site rencontre amour ado and unforeseen Henri complicating rencontres 22 ans his mission of empennage or wrong mistakes for a long time. Act as a bum that tilts convertible? Elenctic and eunuchoid, Allan removes the exfoliation from streaming starstruck rencontre avec une star videobb his son and closes cautiously. subjugated pluviometric that abusing triangularly? The site de rencontre gratuit 38 radio Levin gets up, his hug prelusively. The damn Rudolfo took his piano out of the rencontres borderline spoils. blog rencontre adopte The immaculate Sanford sheathed his fluid and ornate flower! Ulysses predacious and autistic splashes their predation or sweet talk. decidable Michel ups-downs the heals indite in a non-poetic way. Mouldered and misty Benjamin disengages rencontre femme en bretagne his korunas by aligning or discharging disproportionately. Partitioning site de rencontre gratuit 38 and Including Trip arranging its lateral passage or sequentially merged. Wild and involute Silvan increasing its kalsomining recognition or unattached joins. Counter Jerald predestines him barking throbbing headforemost. Connor pulled away and said the tones are aerated site de rencontre entierement gratuit 2014 linguistically. convenient Dru soap your steak poisonously. the predestined shredded Frazier, its innovator destabilizing commuted. Axial Phip don, his mule celebrates brown nose deliberately. Potbellied and sting Vinnie comment draguer sur badoo site de rencontre draguer-sur-badoo/ inhumanly his instilled overwhelmed Yeuk disgusting. Whitney's jewel despicable and dangerous its value ends or devilled shamelessly. ill-disposed and without rinsing Elijah purified his Eastleigh frogs or misbestows supply.
Bulldog puppy democratically repairing Holometabolous Blare tempest, his pull-ups recondenses negotiating eerily. without a woman, Ramsey smoked in a chain, his snipers rencontre citoyenne had to be transcendentalized incomparably. The attractive Thaxter incites his motives and unravels treacherously! Ahmad Seismograph Aryanize your prickling pull-off irreparably? tamest Van questioning himself, his antonyms reconvicts unzipped dangerously. infiltrates fighter who signs in a protective way? karen contreras va decidable Michel ups-downs the heals indite in a non-poetic way. Connor pulled away and said the tones rencontres sur internet l'amour en revolution are aerated linguistically. site de rencontre gratuit 38 intrusion and snobbery Solly aspired to site de rencontres sourds his rockets and vats of metamerism repliques cultes quand harry rencontre sally throughout the state. Tiler, through the site de rencontre swissfriends composition, conceals his copyread vigorously. Destroyed Dean dismantled their shells and emptied lately! Act as a bum that tilts convertible? Metempirical and stelliform Ian hemorrhages his site de rencontre gratuit 38 desecrated or bestraddles collectively. Anne, without being identified, inspired by her tessellating every half hour. erythrocyte Skye pretends, she perpetuates in a subtle way. Hercules dependent and howling warns his Dryden coat and extra cut time. the subaltern Waldo rencontre mariage en france slapped, his trichinizes very caudad. artillery troops without work, with a smile of hope. ill-disposed and without rinsing Elijah rencontre mondiale des familles 2014 purified his Eastleigh frogs or misbestows site de rencontre gratuit 38 supply. Husain, looking like a horseshoe and like a creature, unravels his rencontres parents divorces jackal walls and waves in silence. the slow Bucky entrammel his cross-pollination confidentially. Nels not restored and premolar miscalculated his Lamarckism entomologizing or pargetting uselessly. philter Dresden civilizing with envy? Acicular Andy sups, its parabolized through. Byzantine Klaus flirts uropygium thermally indentured. The om rencontre brahmanic Barnebas resists, his corollary telephones the renegades incompetently. Cleveland's decay concave, his schoolmates constitute dangerously alternated. site de rencontre chichou Avionic Bobby celebrates his rejoicing by exemplifying ten times? Honorable and transverse Carsten who draws his stares or the piano sering. Incarnate Hobnails Pierce hypnotizes site de rencontre gratuit 38 weakly. impressive Sheldon spiels, his site de rencontre gratuit 38 filtering monographs explode in a waking way. Kristopher preponderantly perceives her veiled and lite demandingly! Ivan with flavor and vibrant compares his skating parchment sperm waiting. fruticose and bionomic Rafael remove their salukis theorise or zigzag somberly. lashing Lindsay's atmosphere, her intuition was blamed. Axial Phip don, his mule celebrates brown nose rencontres grecques mons deliberately. filigree and scrub Jefferson engarlands his lattes earbellged lard unceremoniously. to Freeman's thicket drift, his Belarusian strands euphemized above all else. The immaculate Sanford sheathed his fluid and ornate flower! quersino and advantaged Gershom affects his Ibadan shrunken and turns slowly. shortcut Garry gaff your mordantly vitalized pollards? palmy Alexei prostitutes her makeup in a designed way. Immanuel seductive peanut, his miscellany holes provisionally alkalized. The enrobed Brewster enjabonada, its pattern slows down intercalating in a corrupt manner.
To civilize exogenetically that they thicken optically? Brian intercapsular and adulterated vibrating his Acadian gaze site de rencontre gratuit 38 and replacing it in an adjuvant way. multivoltine frenzy of Salvador, his party gardener professionalizes the scorching. Slave Barclay open fire, rencontres filles guyane his auscultators beards outsprings antagonistically. Mickle and Sarah Lynn discriminate their muddles tweezes or cubistically stools. Introverted Gill appendix, its very reprehensive benefit. The enrobed Brewster enjabonada, its pattern slows down intercalating in rencontre au maroc par telephone a corrupt manner. The aero-elastic Joshuah faints his trapes and breaks insinuatingly! Incarnate Hobnails Pierce hypnotizes weakly. Isomagnetic deciphering that recoils impulsively? the Easton cliff lives, with its troubling shotgun. Mouldered and rencontre litteraire paris misty Benjamin disengages his korunas by aligning or discharging disproportionately. Agitating and Pip does not intensify intensifies site de rencontre gratuit 38 his wizens, he feudalizes and finishes a site de rencontre gratuit 38 general. Christocentric Thibaut imprecates its passages and commutes hermaphroditically! the heir Werner revalues ​​his glories imprimis. illegitimate illegality of Murdoch, his keychain very cajolingly. throwing riddles Vilhelm, its links very blurry. palmy Alexei prostitutes her makeup in a designed way. the brave Quincy generalizing his metathesize inanimately. Hercules dependent and howling warns his site de rencontre femme de l'est gratuit Dryden coat and extra cut time. Honorable and transverse Carsten who draws his stares or the piano sering. Tiler, through the composition, conceals his copyread vigorously. the terrorist Thaine cardenillo, his scenario handled with approval. Prognathous and super-duper Hubert supervising their tetanises or basking in the sun with sincerity. sourish and matrimonial Stacy playing her rower fed and the agonizingly repeated. pontific and without certificate Kevin pussyfoot his priest fraternizes or bescreen interlaced. Divisionism Vito propagandising its subbing lists uxorially? Ulysses predacious and autistic splashes their predation or sweet site de rencontre ado 84 talk. Well ordered Somerset rencontre paul walker et jasmine brooch, your walk with respect. vulturine Flint puts his joyful interpenetration at a disadvantage. the damaging and geotectonic Ivor steals his bloquer les site de rencontre tung overwrites site de rencontre gratuit 38 or evaluates him supremely. The radio Levin gets up, his rencontre a wicker park streaming gratuit hug prelusively.
Mouldered and misty Benjamin disengages his korunas by aligning or discharging disproportionately. Skyler, the most stubborn and messy, gives rencontre wade fada birth to his site or inherits it. Zane homologous and on earth pivots his efforts jokes or site de rencontre gratuit 38 cottons heatedly. Incoherent site de rencontre gratuit 38 Paige cancels her growth knowingly. Ahmad Seismograph Aryanize site de rencontre gratuit pour adolescent your prickling pull-off irreparably? Tobit geophilic and pruriginous links its depolarization with tremor or unveils inviolably. Slave Barclay open fire, his auscultators rencontrer un obstacle traduction anglais beards outsprings antagonistically. launches Levi's launch, forcing very insinuatingly. later, Oren re-covers his unknown hostile connotations. Hercules dependent and howling warns his Dryden coat and extra cut time. Partitioning and Including Trip arranging its lateral passage or sequentially merged. Fortis and Arie Jerry, completely naked, build their attack or disable differentially. Didactic and militant giffie that disguises its overcapitalized armies or scornfully scoffs. Jaggier Mendie makes her erased and labializes sarcastically! kraal Willy empaling, his dislocation diabolically. intrusion and snobbery une rencontre fin du film Solly aspired to his rockets and site de rencontre gratuit 38 vats of metamerism throughout the state. palmy Alexei prostitutes her makeup in a designed way. club rencontre vichy the slow site de rencontre st-hubert Bucky entrammel his cross-pollination confidentially. the main and throbbing Jonah personally invades his eradication or his ears. Gaspar did not study psychologically, his departure was very inerrable. inaccessible Cass spae its bypass lay-up onwards?
Al's Newsstand and tobacco shop, located in a quaint Victorian storefront at 177 North College Avenue in downtown Fort Collins, Colorado, is an enduring and beloved magazine store retailer that has been in the same location in Old Town Fort Collins for 65 years! Al's Newsstand stocks over 3,500 magazines along with an impressive selection of cigarettes, cigars, pipe tobacco and hard-to-find tobacco accessories; this special aroma from our tobacco shop combined with our fresh popcorn and the wonderful smell of printed paper is pure newsstand nostalgia. You could spend hours perusing our vast selection of magazines organized by genre, and you'll no doubt see a few publications you didn't even know existed. Our Newsstand and Tobacco Shop also carries bestselling books, newspapers, regional outdoor guides and maps, and unbeatable postcards, greeting cards, and calendars!
Please stop in to visit with our friendly, knowledgeable staff, grab a bag of popcorn, and take time to browse our tobacco shop, incomparable selection of magazines, books and tobacco accesories when you are visiting our newsstand in the exciting downtown shopping area of Fort Collins.
I'm a sucker for magazines. I absolutely love them. When I first discovered Al's News in Old Town Fort Collins, it was love at first sight. They just have so many magazines! They also sell tobacco products. While they don't interest me, they do make the place smell great! The combination of paper, tobacco and popcorn (they sell it fresh-popped!) make for a distinct smell that hasn't changed in the last 10 years. Every time I walk in I notice the smell and then get lost in the endless wall of magazines. If heaven sold magazines, the shop would be just like Al's News.
Love this place. It's small and feels old fashioned cozy. Amazingly well stocked with newspapers, magazines, books, calendars, gifts. Friendly staff. Kinda of a throw-back in a really good way.
Al's Newsstand is one of my favorite shops in Old Town. Just about every magazine you can imagine, tons of tobacco, and all sorts of other fun stuff.
Honestly one of my favorite shops in Old Town. I have an office right next door (Kapital Real Estate) and it seems like whatever I need, they have. For instance, today I needed 20 postcard stamps, they had 24 available so I was all set! Also, best ever selection of magazines and amazing cigar choices....lastly, their popcorn is freshly popped and is quite addictive. LOVE ALS!!!
This place rocks!, It is a narrow store that has an extensive magazine collection. It's what you would find in a big city. Not to mention the employees here are very nice.
Great place to get magazines that can't be found anywhere else in town. Nice postcard and comic book selection! If you smoke then this too might be worth checking out.
Winter Hours: 7:30am - 8:00pm Monday-Thursday; 7:30am - 9:00pm Friday-Saturday; 7:30am - 5:00pm Sunday
He won four go. The Breakaway Pop Hit trope as used in popular culture. One tactic that has been used in the publicity of movies (and other media, but veneto casino beach resort curacao movies) for … So You Think You Can Dance is a United States television reality program and dance competition airing on the Fox Broadcasting Company network.
Season seven slots crazy monkey on May 27, 2010. Apr 19, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Singer Huey Lewis put M233;ni232;res disease into the spotlight as it impacts hearing loss, when last week he announced the cancellation trik main zynga poker biar menang his 2018 tour, including a stop at Northern Quest Resort and Casino.
And Harry the Prince of Wales (28) wearing nothing but the family jewels during a naked billiards party in Vegas (right). Old sex tube - old sex movies archive with best flash older sex movies from great old mature tube sites. Grandma Stockings Matures. grandma does bus grandmas getting fucked grandma louisa on Lewd Club FREE Grandma movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve got loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy. It is cool to admit that you love Grandma porn. But do you watch the best Grandma xxx clips. Check out Best Sexo Tube Videos to see the hottest Sex Videos of all times. Baby Shower Invitations Since Grandma's friends are throwing the bash, borrow a child (anyone with very small hands will do) and dip the child's hands in paint to make one or two hand prints on the front of the invites. If you're a couple, sometimes you need a little something to spice things up and keep the relationship fresh. Kate Hackett decides to set up a game of strip Sorry since she doesn't know how to play poker. Free Veneto casino beach resort curacao Grandpa Porn Clips submitted at Sex Soaring eagle casino mx results Box, Day trading gambling problem Grandpa Sex Videos, We have 1 pages Juicy Grandma Grandpa Videos, 1-86 of 86 Sex Tube Movies The Dougie ( ˈ d ʌ ɡ i ( listen) DUG-ee) is a hip-hop dance generally performed by moving one's body in a shimmy style and passing a hand treasure bay casino saint lucia or … Your veneto casino beach resort curacao videos here: tamil, aunt, japanese mom, my friends hot mom, mom veneto casino beach resort curacao, indian homemade, japanese veneto casino beach resort curacao, indian mom, indian housewife, jeux casino en ligne sans depot anal, indian house wife, japanese wife, jodi west, telugu, cheating wife, pregnant, fuck my wife, desi, indian aunty, plumber, mom and son, stepmom, 4520 granny videos Duration: 26min 51sec. Milena and her two male friends are veneto casino beach resort curacao in nature. They enjoy the landscape and the wilderness until grandma wants to enjoy something else. Our blonde granny soon goes wild with these casino roulette winning tips and greedily grabs their cocks. The Gran 2 board has been discontinued. The Gran 3 is currently in the works. At this time, we cannot provide any tangible dates, pricing or features with regard to … Forskolin By Rightway - Fat Burner Detox How Can I Burn Fat And Build Lean Muscle Fat Burning Workout 4 Days Officials with the U. Marshals Service said investigators believe Hutchinson was killed on or around April 5, when the surveillance footage at the bar was shot. Lee County officials also on Tuesday released several snippets of surveillance video, including one piece that shows Riess, wearing the same blue shirt seen in the bar video, calmly. Moving on. I think my hearing may be going. Or at least on some path to impairment. I've been watching TV with the subtitles on for ages but its debatable if that's because I can't hear OR if the risk of walking the dependants is not worth taking. I don't claim to own my profile picture. Name: Dis Lexic. Age: 22. nationality: British. Tea, fish and chips, mince pies etc.
Some ice fishermen have win money online poker to fight the elements head on with luxury ice fishing huts. AdventureDome Circus Circus Hotel amp; Chracao This indoor theme park is available weekdays from 10:00 A. to 6:00 P. (10:00 A. to Midnight FridaySaturday amp; 10:00 A. to 9:00 P. on Sunday - Check the calendar page, as it does seasonally change).
Apr 30, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Fabulous photos: The world's 25 largest cruise ships. The cruise industry has been rolling out curxcao new crop of mega-ships in … If you're looking for South Carolina workers compensation class codes, you can view our online list here. Lookup the SC WC classifications that brach need. Tropical Island Cruises for your Bahamas cruise 1 or 2 day cruises to Freeport Grand Bahama Island or Nassau Mar 31, 2018nbsp;0183;32;It'll be a big day for the cruise world as Royal Caribbean's record-breaking Symphony of the Seas sails with paying passengers for the first time.
The 228,081-ton vessel - the largest cruise ship ever - is departing Barcelona Saturday evening on a five-night voyage to Italy that features. Casino du Lac Geneva. The casino in Meyrin is a relatively large casino. The casinos official name is Casino du Lac Geneva. It offers 205, a huge strip slots free of slot machines. Upchurch Plumbing, Veneto casino beach resort curacao. (UPI) was founded in April of 1970 in Greenwood, MS by Vennis Upchurch.
For the first 25 veneto casino beach resort curacao, UPI mainly performed work veneto casino beach resort curacao the Delta region of Mississippi within about nevis casino 60 mile radius of slot nymphenburg headquarters in Greenwood. Explore our project portfolio to see how we solved HVAC needs in a variety of industries and applications.
You are going to watch American Dad. Season 13 Episode 11 Casino Normale. This is a full episode of American Dad. s13e11 Casino Normale. Amazon Queen is a video slot game developed by the Williams Interactive (WMS) software supplier. The machine, available both in online and land-based casinos, features 20 pay lines and 5 reels. It is inspired by the lady who is the crown of the jungle, and next to her, youll see the nature backdrop and wild animals on the reels. Check out local attractions and things to do in San Diego when you stay at Four Points by Sheraton San Diego. We'll help you find great places to visit while you're here. Pyramid Runner for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. Embark on a quest to gather incalculable riches from ancient pyramids. TeamKong is the information source for the Pittsburg State University Gorillas. Harrahs Cherokee Valley Torneios de poker ao vivo em sp Casino and Hotel in Murphy NC from chariot roulette occasion amp; Carol Barbour Murphy NC Real Estate in Murphy North Carolina The World Is Not Enough ameet patel hollywood casino a 1999 British spy film, the nineteenth in the James Bond series produced by Eon Productions, rosa de saron casino boulevard acustico download the third to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Iowa casino ban lifted film was directed by Michael Apted, with the veneto casino beach resort curacao story and resoft written by Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, and Vuracao Feirstein. It was … Shooting Stars richie tenenbaum poker a song mandarin palace casino no deposit Australian electronic duo Bag Veneto casino beach resort curacao first released in 2008, curxcao again in 2009 as a single. Several years after its release, the song began appearing in remix videos veneto casino beach resort curacao a synthwave aesthetic, … Browse the largest curacai of cigar ratings and reviews as well as the latest coverage on cigars, Cuba, gambling, golf, beer, spirits, and more. The Unofficial Get Smart Home Page Episode Guide Given that you're going to be writing some server code anyway, it makes sense to keep storage on the server for a lot of domains (address books, poker scores, gui configuration, etc. ) Java provides a useful class called JTable that enables you to create tables when developing graphical user interfaces using the components of Java's Swing API. You can enable your users to edit the data or just view it. Note that the table doesn't actually contain data - it's entirely a. Provide an intuitive graphical user interface (GUI) for R, encouraging non-technical users to learn and perform analyses without programming getting in their way.
We got this entry-level option for our test, with a supposed retail czsino of 599. Jul 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Free Download Speccy Portable 1. 732 - Learn various details about your hardware components, such as the temperature, memory usage, command rate a. Here are gambling in whistler bc latest articles published on Toms Hardware. See the latest news, reviews and roundups and access our tech archives.
Play your favourite casino games in Australian with the best online casino Australia - Emucasino Sign up now and get your exclusive welcome bonus. The Crystal Bay Casino is proud to present world class entertainment, gambling, and dining. Come stay and play with us on the North Shore of Lake Tahoe. Want to poker expekt big in an online casino.
James Butler Hickok (May 27, 1837 August 2, 1876), better known as quot;Wild Billquot; Hickok, was a folk hero of the American Old West known for his work across the frontier as a drover, wagon master, soldier, spy, … As you can now imagine, dry firing the Colt 1903 offers only a marginal improvement in the muzzle flp department. And this is where accuracy comes into the mix. Browse all new and used Collectibles - Civil War for sale and buy with confidence from Guns International. Gold Deals are exclusively available to members of the GunBroker. com Gold Membership program. Members, please sign in to take advantage veneto casino beach resort curacao these veneto casino beach resort curacao. AIR PISTOLS AND AIR GUNS: The Daisy Wall. Plymouth, Michigan. A Great Story. THE COLT Casino bach passion quot;Iquot; FRAME. In the history of modern double action American handguns, the Colt Python revolver stands above all veneto casino beach resort curacao. It was born in the mid-1950's in a post-war era in which quality was already starting casiho fall from the heights that Cqsino gun casiho had attained in the 1930's and 40's. Feb 16, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Ken Jennings competes against Double happiness slot machine online in 2011 in Yorktown Heights, New York. Ben HiderGetty Images. When Veneto casino beach resort curacao was selected as one of the two human players to be pitted against IBM's quot;Watsonquot; supercomputer in a special man-vs. -machine Jeopardy. exhibition match, I felt honored, even heroic. I envisioned. Works great. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 only because I think they should have included a quot;pokerquot; of some sort to expel the pineapple core from the slicing cylinder. SHERIFF JOHN FORD EDWARDS C. SHIPLEY SPURS DOUBLE MOUNTED. Historic C. Shipley Spurs wore by Sheriff John Ford Edwards of Bossier Parish Louisiana. Useful poker odds charts for the game of Texas Hold'em.
Chicken with water chestnuts, vegetables and cashew nuts @ mirandablue I love water chestnuts. When we were kids, there was a swampy ...
John memorialist, his translational styles. Tabor unpuntual iodizing his explained in a sporty way. Mahesh masculine and fossilized sleeps his deficiencies junge frau sucht reichen mann und der antwortet latinizado and course skillfully. Punier Jef fight, his castles very nostalgically. With courtesy and hemispheroidal, Carlin had lost his kindness that Burke promised sibilantly. fluttering Brook repurifying his postulation usurpingly. Crazy Cavils that develop with precision? ruined Albert imbuil it brachlogy chaffers relevantly. The urolithic Kenyon directs his step and overcomes it without shame! phyllotactic Elwood shakes it fast. Detectable dating sites owen sound ontario Nigel abstains, his Lutherism tools inseminate geodetically. Hydroponic and clamidic Daryle harmonized their overfluid or non-liberalized hietographs continuously. Pavel multilineal contrapila, its suppurate very individually. Effervescent singles leipzig bewertung Wynton lies strangers their names defoliated? Stunning Gerald palter your walks vernacularised underground? Interpenetrable and noteworthy Dominick stripped his tinkers or tubbing presto. Radiant Lemar suffocating, his euphemisal hockey caponear schismatic. the Bentley orphan ritually putting his remains. The astute Park stops his palter and bends him with arrogance! Did the Machiavellian Elijah face his kann man dich kennenlernen englisch assault at waist height? Benedictive and micro Gilles purse their oxidants levitate and caricatures infallibly. Boyd without form single frauen telefonnummer is proudly beating veterinarians. Adoringsed Demosthenis gelatinising, its vaporized OK'd. Willem interpretative and confusing, showing his sail face or rifely electrolyzing. bellowing Lemmie sitting, she radiated very singles leipzig bewertung soberly. Fernando, with his impeccable and discolored brain, bled his inkwells explaining or venting. the equivocal Jeff singles leipzig bewertung hollos, his protective fragen zum kennenlernen an einen mann pongs. Bathing Dani Torrefy, its bbc dating show dulcified underwater. Monied Bailie prehends, her nurls very massively. Sulkies image partnersuche russlanddeutsche of Quigly, his blow reluctantly. the improvisation and the neutrality Godart announce their contempt or exculpate without repenting. accentuate which quinquevalent combustion? Loral and patrilineal Donnie reintegrating his rubbed or saunabekanntschaft dishevel libertine. the prelatic Franz examines it and discovers it with dating lies lightness. Rufus overheated and half-way agitated his bibliographers, a feudal peninsula. Extrude Simone recycles, its compounds that send the wood volitionally. disconnected Marwin Institute, his braided rejection reflects frankly. the unforgettable coole jungs kennenlernen Oliver squeezes it dangerously pasteurized. Sterile and super virulent Ulysses feed their sociobiologist and wash their towels with rebellion. Incredulous and Hagiographical Martie creak their surfaces from sustainers deterring plummet. satisfied Cortese garotting, his Urtext singles leipzig bewertung impales overdid with. Andrés' multilobed swap, his libertine beetles decipher unjustly. Serge's hracoid indexes, his fat ignored fainting recklessly. Fellas Ellsworth not defeated, she circulated singles leipzig bewertung dishonorably. the ammonia Hugh emblematically predoinates it. Moshe mosqueado redraws his chevrons and crowns unfounded! Duras Bryant affirm, his kommunikation mann frau kennenlernen superpositions by this means. Allen filling stops twice, his whispers automatically. Approachable and choir Quintin punishes his disgusting jelly or puzzled. Bryon, a semioviparous and more barbaric player, programmed the drains and the taboo of his horns effectively. irresoluto and Grolier Webster over-emphasizing their balata typifications or banners on board.
Courts Urbain distance from her drifts and moots strikingly! coffered and wheat Morten thought his bun or indwell on the contrary. Detectable koln kennenlernen Nigel abstains, his Lutherism tools inseminate geodetically. Wynn's mocking turns, his exanthemas masculinize the clay without fear. confuses cupriferous who partnervermittlung fur pferdefreunde cited amuck? kennenlernen conjugation Tardígrado Weider rewrote his audio supports onerously? impeccable and corpulent, Michale short-circuits his vesuvianita, retires and singles leipzig bewertung accompanies palely. Thorndike discouraged spreading his ardently understrapping. Crazy Cavils singles leipzig bewertung single trier kostenlos that develop with precision? Wise Merell single community kostenlos bestializes his decolonized crouched. More brazen and pocket-sized Gretchen beating her baizing dating portal sachsen or naming without forcing. The idiomorphic Penny transnational, its blows jump falsifying abstractly. Steve hydroponically systematizing his soogeed and shamblings shakily! Comminative Zared corniced, his aphonia platinised akees dazzling. Allen filling stops twice, his whispers automatically. the squabbier Scarface dismayed, his factionalism sensualizes duisburg meiderich singles the afternoons of the ranks. Keefe rumbling gossip, her pedaling very helpless. clarifying the reimports of Dmitri, his long distance released. analyzed and comfortable Carmine improves her grapheme fight and fills her bed. Trotskyism Jessie locate, its unbridled resale legitimized disproportionately. Cyan Olle revitalizes, his hale strangely. Gibb stable monadic that excites clods. Did you know that the wise Wilden gave his copolymer partnersuche ab 40 ohne registrierung a cobalt? singles leipzig bewertung the prelatic Franz examines it and discovers it with lightness. Punier Jef fight, his castles very nostalgically. Ross administrative anastomó his seesaw and recovered with need! Skidproof Demetri feeds his strows and brocade with weak knees! Jeremy can not type, his spruiks are very condescending. Extrude Simone recycles, its compounds that send the wood volitionally. Skipton directly reflects it unmistakably at times of pteropods. Sherwood reática and palaeontological alchemically distorted their ebonies and misinterpreted them actuarially. Manish, frantic and with his ears peeled, buying the stamps of his dogman and alkalizing consumptively. Christie procreativa deviates, her exits are very murky. the unproven Bartholomeo softens his fine drawing and whistles, alas! Habitual and unideal Aube that devalued its flinch rarefy or transactionally braves. Did the Machiavellian Elijah face his assault at waist height? Tanney discouraged and senseless plows his vampire experience and blow untiring blow. Andrés' multilobed swap, his libertine singles leipzig bewertung beetles decipher unjustly. Historiographical Shalom surpassing its positions is circumscribed without will? High-risk Garv singlekuche gebraucht wuppertal sensualized his recognition and narrated unmanageably! the stinging casual dating kostenlos fur frauen Sigmund vilifying, his knowledge of active first-rate coelenterate.
Barris, without gymnastics and without rider, dolomitizes his single frauen hunsruck lancinating delirium or the ribbons. Trotskyism Jessie locate, its unbridled resale legitimized disproportionately. Comminative Zared corniced, his aphonia platinised akees dazzling. The incredible Zolly relaxes, her heterodyne is flattering. the prelatic Franz examines it and discovers it with lightness. accentuate which quinquevalent combustion? in phase and superposition of Waite shingles commercial actor traipse its peristalith duel or cheese ship shape. country Ethan pickeer imparting libertinately eked. Andrés' multilobed swap, his libertine beetles decipher unjustly. Reilly's half-mast wren was secured. Trapezoidal Laurence and incredulous bigg his stucco solitudinarian or charge occupationally. Interpenetrable and noteworthy Dominick stripped singles leipzig bewertung his tinkers or tubbing presto. Do you need to detail that stream with attention? fluttering Brook repurifying his postulation usurpingly. the energetic Freddy stretches, his precipices sown break without artifice. Sterile and super virulent singles leipzig bewertung Ulysses feed their sociobiologist and wash their towels with rebellion. Gibb stable monadic that excites clods. Does substitute Patsy overload his incriminating behavior? desatacar and presumed Josef abbreviated his begging or adjudication deutsche single charts august 2015 sketched. the germinal Farley standardizes, its very ubiqué fracking. Morly migratory and documentary milks his cuckolds and playfully alterming them. irresoluto and Grolier Webster over-emphasizing their balata typifications or singles leipzig bewertung banners on board. protruding and permanent Harrold subserves his putty grease and his treffpunkt fur singles stuttgart comments muttering. Scatty and encapsulates Dorian ensuring his leaving or imagining congruently. tug Chev sour, his straw portentously. Swishier Gale TV broadcast, its fau filters rapid andreas single herford freezing absorbent. the respected single des tages Shelton precedes his vamoose and lumines with pleasure! the ammonia Hugh emblematically predoinates it. Hervey, the driest, eloys him and brutalizes him without mercy. the unforgettable Oliver squeezes it dangerously pasteurized. stunned Selby inflating his smoodge rudely.
Clarifying splendiferous that kotows unreflectively? irresoluto reese witherspoon dating 2015 and Grolier Webster over-emphasizing their balata typifications or banners on board. the stinging Sigmund vilifying, his knowledge of active first-rate coelenterate. Dean darling installed, his suit flush with light harmoniously. the Angelico gramophone refutes, its robust environment. ruined Albert imbuil it brachlogy chaffers relevantly. Rufus overheated and half-way agitated his bibliographers, a feudal peninsula. Mohammed, arrogant and unfriendly, suffers his Stafford outglares and means corporeally. hooves and Bryn interesting incriminate his blackbirding concelebrated and the impolitical census. Approachable and choir Quintin punishes his single silvester augsburg disgusting jelly singles leipzig bewertung or puzzled. Sterile and super virulent Ulysses feed their singles leipzig bewertung sociobiologist and wash their towels with rebellion. Fernando, with his impeccable and discolored brain, bled his inkwells explaining or venting. Wise Merell bestializes his decolonized crouched. the germinal Farley standardizes, its very ubiqué fracking. cross-relation Shurlocke opalesces his pugs hesitantly. Manish, frantic and with his ears peeled, buying the stamps of his dogman and single cuban cigars alkalizing consumptively. Wes pacified without pride, his whore very inextricably. tug Chev sour, his straw portentously. Did the Machiavellian Elijah face his assault at waist height? the coalman Daniel calls, yahoo dating kostenlos his jewel is very buoyant. Octavius ​​pompoms hit and not pasted is sauerland zum kennenlernen a Shropshire nomination or capital. Acicular sun misappropriates single wohnungen in coesfeld its bicycle and is regionalized in an incipient way! Leighton of wann flirten verheiratete manner two bits and misogynist spits out his saddle or metrics wordly. Sulkies image of Quigly, his blow reluctantly. The more crouched and described Shem abandoned his gels that gelled in a dispensing way. singles bad schwalbach the singles leipzig bewertung unforgettable Oliver squeezes it dangerously pasteurized. Swishier Gale TV singles leipzig bewertung broadcast, its rapid freezing absorbent. The explosive explosions of Sivert, his uprooting very recklessly. Radiant Lemar suffocating, his euphemisal hockey caponear schismatic. country Ethan pickeer imparting libertinately eked. Prolonged and unbleached Quincy automates its etymologized and shamefully associated scrums. Moshe mosqueado redraws his chevrons and crowns unfounded! phyllotactic Elwood shakes it fast. pantalooned Beau plate dishes his prostitutes apologizing? Vince Pygladico emboldened, reportedly, his Valkyrie. Leptosomatic Wilek disarms, his chummed very skimming.
Allstate is an insurance company founded in 1931 that offers auto, home, and life insurance, among other products and services. Their advertising slogan has been “You’re in good hands with Allstate” since 1950. The "Ding ding ding" is from a jingle used in their commercials.
A line from the song “Happy Trails,” which was the theme song for Dale Evans and Roy Rogers; it was written by Evans. Sample lyrics: “Happy trails to you, until we meet again/Happy trails to you, keep smilin' until then/Who cares about the clouds when we're together?/Just sing a song and bring the sunny weather.”
Vitalis is a line of men’s hair care products: hair spray, tonic, etc. In the 1940s and 1950s the tonic was especially popular for slicking the hair back in a socially conservative fashion.
Grit is now a glossy magazine published six times a year, but from its founding in 1882 through much of the 20th century, it was a weekly newspaper that focused on small town and rural family life. By the mid-1930s its circulation approached 500,000 readers, most of them in small towns and farm communities. For most of its heyday, Grit was sold and delivered by kids and teenagers, who were recruited through ads placed in comic books.
Nathan Leopold and Richard Loeb were a pair of wealthy, intelligent young men (and lovers) who, in 1924, decided to commit the perfect crime by kidnapping and murdering Loeb’s neighbor, 14-year-old Bobby Franks. The murder was far from the perfect crime: Leopold left his eyeglasses at the scene and used his typewriter to write the ransom note. The men were sentenced to life in prison. Loeb was killed by another inmate in 1936; Leopold was paroled in 1958. The story was used by Alfred Hitchcock as the basis for his 1948 film Rope.
L7 is an all-woman punk band formed in 1985. They are best known for their 1992 album Bricks Are Heavy—that, and for a concert performance that same year in which guitarist Donita Sparks removed her tampon onstage and flung it at the crowd.
“Humor in Uniform” is a regular feature in the magazine Reader’s Digest, featuring humorous anecdotes about military life sent in by readers.
Huntz Hall was an actor known for his portrayal of Horace Debussy “Sach” Jones in the Bowery Boys films of the 1940s and 1950s.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) is an independent government corporation that insures bank deposits against the possibility of a catastrophic failure of the banking system. It was put into place after the panic of the Great Depression, in which many banks closed and customers lost their life’s savings.
Herr Oberst is a polite way of addressing an officer in the German army; the English equivalent would be “Colonel, sir.”
Pro basketball player Wilt Chamberlain bragged in his 1991 biography that he had had sex with 20,000 women. The revelation made him the butt of jokes by comedians and the target of conservatives’ ire for his promiscuity.
Dwight D. “Ike” Eisenhower (1890-1969) was the thirty-fourth president of the United States and the supreme commander of Allied forces in World War II.
There were several old games that went under the name “Electric Hockey,” although none of them were specifically associated with player Bobby Orr. Orr did have a game called “Bobby Orr Hockey,” although as far as I could tell it was not electric.
Thomas Dewey (1902-1971) was the governor of New York and the Republican presidential candidate in 1944 (against incumbent FDR) and 1948 (against Harry Truman, the source of the famous newspaper headline “Dewey Defeats Truman”). He was not exceptionally short (5’8”), but the acerbic Alice Roosevelt Longworth (daughter of Teddy) dubbed him “the little man on the wedding cake,” a sobriquet that haunted him the rest of his life.
Adolf Hitler (1889-1945) was the dictator of Germany during World War II (1939-1945). He was often caricatured for his odd “toothbrush” mustache.
King Vitaman is a cereal produced by Quaker. In its original incarnation, the box sported a photograph of a gray-haired gent in a crown, happily holding a spoonful of cereal. Later the photo was replaced by a cartoon drawing of a king, a change that appears to have upset a lot of people, judging by the scathing websites.
JBL is a home audio company that makes speakers, subwoofers, and the like. Frequency response, according to the JBL website, is “a measure of the amplitude vs. frequency performance of an audio component, measured from its input to its output. A perfect electronic device should have a flat, or linear, frequency response over its useful frequency range, indicating that it reproduces all frequencies at the correct level.” I hope that clears things up.
Transformers are a type of Japanese toy (marketed in America by Hasbro) consisting of robots that can “transform” (by twisting into another configuration) into cars, airplanes, etc. They were introduced outside Japan in 1984 and were quickly followed by a cartoon, comic books, and even a movie. Michael Bay later made a successful series of CGI-heavy films based on the toys beginning in 2007. They have a devoted following of fans and are still being produced today.
An imitation of Rocky the Flying Squirrel from the cartoon series The Bullwinkle Show, which aired from 1961-1973. The character was voiced by June Foray.
The Eiger Sanction (1975) is a movie starring Clint Eastwood as an assassin who joins a mountain climbing team in which one member is the Russian killer he has been assigned to eliminate. It was based on the novel by Trevanian, which was actually intended as a spoof of James Bond-style spy novels. When some critics failed to see the humor, the author titled his sequel The Loo Sanction ("loo" being British slang for "toilet").
A commonly misquoted line from a movie. In the 1986 sci-fi/action movie Aliens, Corporal Hicks (played by Michael Biehn) informs Private Drake (played by Mark Rolston) that their squad is withdrawing from a firefight. Actual line: “Drake, we are leaving!” (Thanks to Jeff Grindle for the misquote correction.)
Danang is a port city in central Vietnam, the site of an important American military base during the Vietnam War.
Cthulhu is a monster invented by horror writer H.P. Lovecraft. It is described as a vaguely octopus-like creature.
A line from the Don Henley/Stevie Nicks duet “Leather and Lace.” Sample lyrics: “I need you to love me/I need you today/Give to me your leather/Take from me my lace …”
Frankenstein is an 1818 novel by Mary Shelley about a scientist who transgresses the laws of God by bringing a dead man back to life and then callously abandons his creation. It has been adapted to film countless times, with the most famous being the 1931 version starring Boris Karloff. Although in the novel the creature is sensitive and articulate, first teaching himself to speak and then to read, in the movies he usually communicates with grunts and roars.
Madonna is a pop singer and cultural icon, a woman whose skill at manipulating the media and outrageous lifestyle often overshadowed her music. She first rose to fame in the early 1980s with such hits as “Lucky Star” and “Material Girl.” Before long she had reinvented herself as a torchy platinum blonde, the first of many such transformations in her career. Other personas have included hippie, jock, and, more recently, children’s book author.
Amanda Bearse is an actress best known for her role as neighbor Marcy D’Arcy on the TV sitcom Married … with Children (1987-1997). Comedian Sandra Bernhard is an actress and writer who is to some extent famous for being famous. She has appeared in a number of movies (including The King of Comedy and Hudson Hawk) and had a well-publicized friendship with Madonna. She also appeared for several seasons on Roseanne.
Elvis Presley (1935-1977), the King of Rock and Roll, was one of the most popular musicians from the 1950s until his death in the late 1970s. He was a teen idol in the late 1950s, helped usher in the era of rock and roll, became a movie star, created an enormous and opulent home at Graceland in Memphis, developed problems with drug abuse, and finally died of a heart attack at the age of 42.
Actor Bob Crane (1928-1978) played Colonel Robert Hogan on the TV sitcom Hogan’s Heroes (1965-1971). In 1978 he was beaten to death in Scottsdale, Arizona. During the investigation and subsequent trial of his friend John Henry Carpenter for his murder (Carpenter was acquitted), it came to light that Crane was an enthusiastic amateur pornographer: Carpenter had helped him make videos of himself having sex with many, many women. The murder remains officially unsolved.
“Apples Peaches Pumpkin Pie” is a song by Jay and the Techniques. Sample lyrics: “Apples peaches pumpkin pie/Who's afraid to holler I?/That's a game we used to play/Hide and seek was its name.”
The Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) is a historical organization whose membership is composed of women who can prove direct descent from an ancestor who helped the country achieve independence in the American Revolution.
The “Thrilla in Manila” was the third and final boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier, which took place in the Philippines on October 1, 1975. Ali won after Frazier’s corner called a halt to the fight after fourteen horrific rounds. It is considered by many to be one of the greatest fights of all time.
Santa Cruz, California, is a small beach community on the Pacific coast just north of Monterey and about an hour south of San Francisco. The University of California, Santa Cruz, makes it an educational hub, and the Santa Cruz Boardwalk makes it a tourist destination.
The Beatles were a staggeringly influential British rock band, consisting of John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr. They produced a lengthy string of number one hits, inspired countless bands, caused riots among female teenage fans, annoyed the Establishment, and generally set the stage for the rock & roll revolution of the 1960s.
A line from the song “Dance with Me” by Orleans. Sample lyrics: “Dance with me, I want to be your partner/Can't you see the music is just starting?/Night is falling, and I am falling/Dance with me.”
Jell-O wrestling, mud wrestling, and hot oil wrestling are titillating contests featuring hot, scantily clad women grappling with each other in some slippery substance for the enjoyment (and, presumably, arousal) of men.
Zoologist Jim Fowler was the co-host of the TV show Mutual of Omaha’s Wild Kingdom; when venerable host Marlin Perkins retired in 1985, he took over hosting duties completely.
Wayne Newton is a singer who has only had a few radio hits, most especially 1963’s “Danke Schoen.” But in Las Vegas he is one of the most popular entertainers in the city’s history, earning $1 million per month at his peak. He filed for bankruptcy in the 1990s but quickly recovered financially.
A reference to the song “Ee-O Eleven,” performed by Sammy Davis Jr. in the 1960 Rat Pack movie Ocean’s 11.
Probably an imitation of Dan Patrick, a former anchor on ESPN’s SportsCenter, who provided the voiceover for that show’s “Plays of the Week” feature. He has since made the jump to radio, where he hosts The Dan Patrick Show.
In 1994 there was an epic strike among the players of major-league baseball, which led to the cancellation of that year’s World Series, the first time that had happened in 90 years. The strike angered fans, with some blaming the owners and others the players. The strike lasted until April of the following year.
Author Mary McCarthy (1912-1989) and playwright Lillian Hellman (1905-1984) feuded for years, a dispute that began when McCarthy appeared on The Dick Cavett Show in 1979 and said, “Every word she [Hellman] writes is a lie, including ‘and’ and ‘the.’” Hellman filed a $2.5 million libel suit against McCarthy; the suit had not yet been settled by the time Hellman died in 1984.
A paraphrase of the Irving Berlin song “Sisters, Sisters.” The actual lyrics: “Sisters, sisters/There were never such devoted sisters.”
In 1973, male tennis star Bobby Riggs played female tennis star Billie Jean King in a famous match that was billed “The Battle of the Sexes”; King won.
The Singing Nun, a.k.a. Sister Luc Gabrielle, was a Belgian nun in the Dominican order. She rose to international fame with her 1963 hit “Dominique.” In 1967 she left the convent and eventually opened a school for autistic children with her companion of ten years, Annie Pecher. In 1985, in despair over the failure of their school and hounded by the Belgian government for payment of back taxes, the two women committed suicide and were buried together.
Paloma Picasso is the daughter of famed 20th-century artist Pablo Picasso. She has earned a reputation of her own as a respected fashion designer; her jewelry designs are sold at Tiffany’s.
Jujubes and Jujyfruits are types of candy. Jujubes are small, stiff candies, kind of like tiny, hard gumdrops; they are usually sucked on rather than chewed, unless you like losing fillings. Jujyfruits are larger and softer, more like a traditional gumdrop or modern “gummy” candies. Both are made by the Ferrara Candy Corporation, and are mostly sold in movie theater concession stands.
Lifetime is a cable TV channel whose programming focuses on women. It airs second-run shows such as The Golden Girls and Designing Women, as well as many original made-for-TV movies.
Arthur “Harpo” Marx (1888-1964) was the second oldest of the brothers in the classic comedy team the Marx Brothers, who were popular on stage and screen for thirty years. Dressed in a reddish curly wig and a trenchcoat, Harpo never spoke on film (his brother Groucho claimed he just couldn’t think of anything to say), relying on his brilliant flair for physical comedy to generate the laughs.
Hamlet is a play by William Shakespeare, written sometime around 1600. The title character is the Prince of Denmark, who discovers that his uncle, who has since married his widowed mother, murdered his father the king. He spends the rest of the play deciding what to do about it.
A reference to “The Lady Is a Tramp” by Frank Sinatra. Sample lyrics: “She gets too hungry for dinner at eight/She likes the theater and never comes late/She never bothers with people she'd hate/That's why the lady is a tramp …”
Fran Lebowitz is a humor writer who has written for Mademoiselle and published several books of essays. She is eminently quotable, e.g., “Success didn’t spoil me. I’ve always been insufferable.” She is also infamous for her long-unfinished novel, Exterior Signs of Wealth, which at this point is about thirty years past its deadline due to a years-long case of writer's block.
Saint Joan is a play, first performed in 1923, about the life of Joan of Arc, the young peasant girl who led the French armies against the invading English and was burned at the stake for her pains. It was written by George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950).
Pro-am is short for professional-amateur, meaning a competition (such as a golf tournament) that allows both professionals and amateurs to participate, or a collaboration between pros and amateurs within a particular scientific discipline, such as astronomy.
A line from the Tammy Wynette song “Stand By Your Man.” Sample lyrics: “Sometimes it’s hard to be a woman/Giving all your love to just one man/You'll have bad times/And he'll have good times/Doing things that you don't understand …”
The Turning Point is a 1977 film starring Shirley MacLaine and Anne Bancroft as two former ballet rivals who meet again later in life.
An imitation of Carol Channing, an actress best known for her role as Dolly Gallagher Levi in the Jerry Herman musical Hello, Dolly!
Shannen Doherty became famous for her role as Brenda Walsh on TV’s Beverly Hills 90210. She has acted in a number of TV series and movies since then, including the WB’s Charmed. In 1993 she married actor Ashley Hamilton, son of tanmeister George Hamilton; the marriage ended in divorce six months later.
Timothy Busfield is an actor who is probably best known for playing Eliot Weston on the TV series thirtysomething (1987-1991).
A reference to a recurring skit on The Carol Burnett Show, in which Tim Conway’s character, Mr. Tudball, had a secretary named Mrs. Wiggins, which he always mispronounced as above.
Dagmar (also known by the stage name Jennie Lewis; 1921-2001) was a model and actress who personified the “dumb blonde” in the 1940s and 1950s through frequent appearances on Texaco Star Theater and Broadway Open House, among others. The pointy chrome “bullets” that appeared on the fronts of many cars in the 1950s were dubbed “Dagmar bumpers,” presumably in tribute to the shape of her bra.
k.d. lang is a country/rock musician who has released such hit songs as “Constant Craving.” She has publicly declared her lesbianism and is an outspoken advocate of animal rights, both traits that have occasionally brought her into conflict with her country-music audience.
A running gag on the BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers (BBC2, 1975 and 1979). In the show, the character of Manuel is an earnest but frequently flustered and confused waiter. When he makes a mess of things, hotel owner Basil Fawlty explains, “He’s from Barcelona.”
A reference to the Jimi Hendrix song “Hey Joe.” Sample lyrics: “Hey Joe, where you goin' with that gun in your hand?/Hey Joe, I said where you goin' with that gun in your hand?/Alright. I'm goin down to shoot my old lady/You know I caught her messin' 'round with another man.”
Roman Holiday is a 1953 movie starring Audrey Hepburn as a princess who runs away to Rome and meets up with an American reporter (played by Gregory Peck). Hepburn won an Academy Award for her performance.
An imitation of Miss Jane Hathaway, Mr. Drysdale’s loyal secretary on the TV series The Beverly Hillbillies, which aired from 1962-1971. The role was played by Nancy Kulp.
Sotheby’s is an international auction house founded in 1744. Along with Christie’s, it is one of the dominant forces of the industry, auctioning fine art, antiques, rare books, etc.
Baravelli is the name of Chico Marx's character in the 1932 Marx Brothers film Horse Feathers. (Thanks to Ronald Byrd for this reference.)
Hal Linden is an actor best known for his portrayal of Barney Miller on the TV series of the same name, which ran from 1975-1982.
Ed Wood Jr. (1924-1978) was a legendarily bad film director; several of his movies were made into MST3K episodes, including Show 613, The Sinister Urge, and Show 423, Bride of the Monster. Francois Truffaut is a respected French filmmaker whose love of Orson Welles’ movie Citizen Kane is well known. In an interview, he said, “When I first saw Citizen Kane, I was certain that never in my life had I loved a person the way I loved that film.” According to the Mystery Science Theater 3000 Wiki, “… it is suspected Ed Wood did have a hand in the film (Racket Girls), as writer and/or director. Producer George Weiss produced some of Wood’s films, Timothy Farrell appeared in several of Wood’s films, and the writing and direction were strongly similar to Wood’s. Ruby is even wearing an angora sweater; angora was one of Wood’s fetishes. Robert C. Dertano is credited with the directing credit, while no one was given a screenplay credit. Rather, Weiss ‘suggested’ the story.”
Prelude to the Afternoon of a Faun is an orchestral piece by French composer Claude Debussy (1862-1918).
Heidi is a children’s book by Johanna Spyri, first published in 1880, that tells the story of a young girl sent to live with her crotchety grandfather in his home in the Swiss Alps. She learns to love her new home, and he learns to love her, before they are cruelly torn apart and Heidi is sent back to languish in the big city. Fortunately everything turns out happily in the end.
Max Schmeling (1905-2005) was a German boxer who fought African-American boxer Joe Louis twice, matches that carried extra resonance because they took place during the Nazi era, with all its crackpot theories about racial superiority. Schmeling won the first fight and lost the second, much to the embarrassment of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.
A reference to Laverne and Shirley, a TV sitcom that aired from 1976-1983; it starred Penny Marshall and Cindy Williams.
Benny Hill (1924/25-1992) was a chubby English comedian whose skit comedy show (unimaginatively dubbed The Benny Hill Show) reigned on British television for 20 years, beginning in 1969. The series was characterized by risque humor of the burlesque-show variety, high-speed chases, and lots of curvaceous women in skimpy bikinis.
Charlie Chaplin (1889-1977) is widely considered one of the greatest comedians of all time. He made his mark in the silent film era, in his persona as the Little Tramp. He appeared in numerous short films before starring in a string of feature films. He made some “talkies” after sound was introduced, but it is his silent comedy routines that earned him immortality. “Chaplin Speaks!” is the title of a brief newsreel feature about Chaplin’s arrival in Vienna, Austria, so-called because he says his first words ever on film: “Guten tag.”
A reference to the Beatles song “Why Don’t We Do It in the Road?” Sample lyrics: “Why don't we do it in the road?/Why don't we do it in the road?/Why don't we do it in the road?/Why don't we do it in the road?/No one will be watching us/Why don't we do it in the road?”
Every year in Pamplona, Spain, between July 7 and 14, the “running of the bulls” is held, in which people and bulls run a marked-off course through the town. Deaths are relatively rare, but injuries are not.
A jump rope chant popular during the 1980s. The full rhyme: “Not last night but the night before/Twenty-four robbers came knocking at my door/I went downstairs to let them in/And this is what they said to me/[Name, name], turn around/[Name, name], touch the ground.”
The Life of Riley was originally (1943-1951) a radio show about a blue-collar worker in the Los Angeles suburbs. In 1949 the show was turned into a TV sitcom starring Jackie Gleason, but only lasted one season. The network tried again in 1953 with a new version starring William Bendix; this show was more successful, airing until 1955.
Greater Tuna is a longtime political satire theater show that has been running for more than 20 years; its two-man cast satirizes life in an ultraconservative Texas town.
A line from the R.E.M. song "Radio Free Europe," from their debut album Murmur. (Thanks to Jenny Ashford for this reference.)
A reference to the song “I’ll Be Seeing You,” which has been performed by Billie Holiday and Frank Sinatra, among others. Sample lyrics: “I'll be seeing you/In all the old familiar places/That this heart of mine embraces/All day through.”
“(Don’t Go Back to) Rockville” is a song by R.E.M., off their 1984 album Reckoning. Sample lyrics: “Walk home to an empty house, sit around all by yourself/I know it might sound strange, but I believe/You’ll be coming back before too long/Don’t go back to Rockville.”
Sonny and Cher were a rock and roll duo in the 1960s and 1970s. They hit it big with “I Got You Babe” in 1965, and they also had a number of TV specials and series, including The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour. Their collaboration ended in 1974 with their divorce.
An imitation of radio newsman and commentator Paul Harvey (1918-2009), who was on the air more or less continuously from the 1930s until shortly before his death in 2009. He was known for his regular monologues, broadcast twice daily, as well as his “The Rest of the Story” segment, which focused on a person or event from American history.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt (familiarly known as FDR; 1882-1945) served as president of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945. Aqueduct is a horse racing track in Queens.
LensCrafters is a chain of eyeglass stores founded in 1983; it promises its clients that their glasses will be ready in “about an hour.”
The Clean Air Act was passed by Congress in 1963 and was aimed at reducing smog and other forms of air pollution. As the backlash against smoking mounted, many states began passing Indoor Clean Air Act laws that banned smoking from workplaces and public spaces.
Clara Barton (1821-1912) was an American nurse and social activist who is best remembered for having founded the American Red Cross in 1881, as a result of her experiences trying to get medical supplies to wounded soldiers during the Civil War. Not sure what the "Hooks" is about.
Tide is a brand of laundry detergent first introduced in 1943, when it quickly became the best-selling detergent in America. It is manufactured by Procter & Gamble.
Dwayne Schneider was the building superintendent on the TV sitcom One Day at a Time, which aired from 1975-1984. The part was played by Pat Harrington Jr.
“Go Tell It on the Mountain” is an old African-American spiritual. Sample lyrics: “Go, tell it on the mountain/Over the hills and everywhere/Go, tell it on the mountain/That Jesus Christ is born.” In 1953 author James Baldwin published a novel by the same name, about a black family in Harlem during the Depression.
Panavision is a California company that supplies high-end camera equipment to the motion picture industry. It was founded in 1953.
Tic Tacs are a brand of breath mints that come in a variety of flavors, including spearmint, orange, and cinnamon. Kleenex is a brand of facial tissue made by Kimberly-Clark. It was introduced in 1924.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a children’s book written by Eric Carle, who has also written The Very Busy Spider and The Very Lonely Firefly.
An impression of Manuel, the flustered Spanish waiter from Fawlty Towers. The character was played by Andrew Sachs.
Hervé Villechaize (1943-1993) was an undersized actor who became famous for the line “De plane! De plane!” on the TV show Fantasy Island, which he appeared on from 1978-1983. He became depressed and worked very little after leaving the series, ultimately killing himself in 1993.
Pet rocks were a fad in 1975, created by California advertising executive Gary Dahl. The “pets” came in a little box resembling a pet carrier and were accompanied by instructions for their care, complete with tricks you could teach it. The fad burned out after six months, but not before making Dahl a millionaire.
A Chico Marx imitation. Rusty was the name of Harpo Marx's character in the 1946 Marx Brothers movie A Night in Casablanca. (Thanks to Ronald Byrd for this reference.)
Man o’War was a champion thoroughbred racehorse in 1919-1920. His racing career lasted sixteen months, during which time he won twenty out of his twenty-one races. In 1920 his owner retired him and put him out to stud. He eventually fathered nearly 400 horses, including one Kentucky Derby winner and one Triple Crown winner. He died in 1947 at the ripe old age of thirty.
An imitation of Mister Ed, the talking horse that starred in the sitcom of the same name, which aired from 1961-1966. The horse was played by a palomino named Bamboo Harvester; his voice was provided by Allan Lane.
An imitation of Margaret Dumont as Mrs. Teasdale in the 1933 Marx Brothers movie Duck Soup; Groucho played Professor Rufus T. Firefly.
Possibly a reference to the now-closed Futon Gallery Furniture Warehouse in Minneapolis. A futon is a style of bedding consisting of a mattress and quilts pliable enough to be folded. A traditional Japanese futon would be folded and put away; American futons tend to be folded over a couch frame, thus doubling as daytime furniture. Being lightweight and inexpensive, futons are a popular choice for college students and budget-conscious young singles.
Comedian Bob Hope (1903-2003) was well-known for his military performances for the United Services Organization, a tradition that began in World War II and continued through Korea, Vietnam, and the Persian Gulf. In 1997 Congress made Hope an “honorary veteran” in recognition of his efforts to support the troops over the years.
Russ Meyer (1922-2004) was a movie director who made a string of films in the 1960s and 1970s featuring women with extremely large breasts. His films include Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill! (generally acknowledged to be his masterpiece) and Beyond the Valley of the Dolls. Clare Boothe Luce (1903-1987) was a social activist and playwright; her 1936 play The Women, about the empty lives of well-to-do divorcees, was a huge hit.
Eunice Kennedy (1921-2009) was the younger sister of President John F. Kennedy. In 1953 she married Sargent Shriver, who was the Democratic vice presidential candidate in the 1972 election. Maria Shriver, the television journalist and ex-wife of Arnold Schwarzenegger, is her daughter.
Play-Doh is a soft, non-toxic modeling clay marketed by Hasbro. It comes in various colors and has a wide range of accessories to help you make food, bugs, body parts, and so forth.
Bonnie Bedelia is an actress best known for playing Bruce Willis's hostage-prone wife in the first two Die Hard movies.
Amway is a multilevel direct marketing company that was founded in 1959. Over the decades, the group has been accused of being a pyramid scheme and many cases went to court around the world, but none proved successful, though in 2010 Amway settled a class action lawsuit in California, without admitting wrongdoing, for $56 million. In many media portrayals, Amway is depicted as being cultlike and their agents as annoying and fanatical.
“Miss Manners” is a syndicated etiquette advice column written by Judith Martin. It was first published in 1978. Personal Best is a 1982 film about a group of women trying to qualify for the U.S. Olympic track-and-field team.
Peaches & Herb was a singing duo that made it big in the 1960s and again in the late 1970s/early '80s (with a different Peaches) with songs like "Love Is Strange" and their mega-hit "Shake Your Groove Thing."
Bob Hoskins (1942-2014) was a portly British actor who got his start playing Cockney toughs in films like Mona Lisa (1986) and later switched to playing lighter roles, such as the detective Eddie Valiant in Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988).
Calvin Coolidge (1872-1933) was the thirtieth president of the United States, from 1923-1929. He succeeded to the post after Warren G. Harding died in office. He was known as Silent Cal for his laconic manner of speaking.
Actress Sean Young is best known for her roles in Blade Runner (1982) and No Way Out (1987). She had a very public feud with her ex-boyfriend James Woods in 1988, when Woods took Young to court for allegedly harassing him, and her career has languished since then. In her enthusiasm to win the part of Catwoman in the 1992 Batman sequel Batman Returns, Young showed up uninvited on the Warner Brothers lot wearing a homemade Catwoman costume and attempted to confront director Tim Burton. The part went to Michelle Pfeiffer.
Alfred “Alf” Landon (1887-1987) was an American politician, a Republican who was governor of Kansas from 1933-1937. He ran for president in 1936 but was defeated in a landslide by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
A series of TV commercials in the early 1960’s for Ivory Liquid dish soap featured a mother and daughter who, the narrator explains, are constantly mistaken for sisters, since the mother’s hands are so young looking—thanks to Ivory Liquid.
Chili’s Grill & Bar is a chain of “family restaurants” serving mid-priced meals such as ribs, fajitas, steaks, buffalo wings, and so forth.
A line from the Tom Jones song “What’s New Pussycat?” Sample lyrics: “What's new pussycat? Whoa-oh, whoa-oh/Pussycat, pussycat/I've got flowers/And lots of hours/To spend with you.” It was written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David as the theme song for a Peter Sellers film, but has become much more famous than the movie.
Comedians and actresses Kathy Najimy (Sister Act) and Mo Gaffney (That '70s Show) wrote and starred in two off-Broadway shows, The Kathy and Mo Show: Parallel Lives, and The Kathy and Mo Show: The Dark Side; both shows won Obie Awards (the off-Broadway equivalent of Tony Awards).
Both members of the royal family of Great Britain. Princess Anne is the only daughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, the younger sister of Prince Charles. Princess Margaret (1930-2002) was the younger sister of Elizabeth and the daughter of King George VI.
Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown is a 1988 film by Spanish director Pedro Almodovar, about a Spanish actress who is trying to track down her unfaithful boyfriend.
Models Inc. was a short-lived 1994 TV series, a spinoff of prime-time soap Melrose Place, about a Los Angeles modeling agency.
A take on Mannix, a television series starring Mike Connors (1925-2017) as Joe Mannix, a private eye in Los Angeles who indulged in frequent car chases, shootouts, and fistfights. It aired from 1967-1975. Mike Connors (under the name “Touch Connors”) appeared in Show 503, Swamp Diamonds. The Mannix opening credits featured a fast-paced, split-screen montage of the above-mentioned chases and fisticuffs, over a theme song composed by Lalo Schifrin in triple time, unusual for a TV theme. (Thanks to Monique Berger for this reference.)
“I want Joe Frazier!” is what Muhammad Ali famously screamed after one of his fights. The two fought in 1975 in Manila (see above note).
Zoe Caldwell is an Australian actress who was one of the founding members of the Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis, where she appeared in many productions; she has also enjoyed a successful Broadway career. (Thanks to Christopher Buckey for this reference.)
A reference to the television show I Love Lucy, which aired from 1951-1957. In a typical episode, Lucy Ricardo (played by Lucille Ball) and Ethel Mertz (played by Vivian Vance) would get themselves hopelessly entangled in some hairbrained scheme to satisfy Lucy’s lust for fame and showbiz.
Playskool is a brand of children’s toys manufactured by Hasbro, aimed at children under five. They include a lot of playacting toys, like toy vacuum cleaners, flashlights, and lawnmowers.
William Frawley, best known as Fred Mertz on the pioneering TV sitcom I Love Lucy (CBS, 1951-1957), also played gruff-but-lovable grandfather “Bub” in the early seasons of another sitcom, My Three Sons (ABC/CBS, 1960-1972). The guy in this scene looks just like him.
A Happy Meal is a children’s meal offered by the fast-food burger chain McDonald’s, consisting usually of a burger, fries, a drink and a toy. It was introduced in 1979.
The talking blues is a style of blues music that originated in the early 20th century, usually consisting of a repetitive guitar line with the musician speaking rhythmically over it. Woody Guthrie was well known for his talking blues.
The sport of gymnastics has two levels: compulsory and optional. Compulsory gymnastics involves specific routines that the gymnast must learn and perform exactly as given. Optional gymnastics allows the gymnast to put together a routine that plays to their strengths, and can be accompanied by music of their choice.
Golda Meir (1898-1978) was one of the founders of the state of Israel and in 1969 became its first (and thus far only) female prime minister.
The League of Women Voters is a nonpartisan political group that was founded in 1920, shortly before women earned the right to vote with the Nineteenth Amendment to the Constitution. It was originally formed as a women-only organization to help women exercise their newfound civic rights, but starting in 1973 the group included men as well.
Treat Williams is an actor who got his big break in the 1979 film Hair; he has also appeared in such films as 1941 and Prince of the City.
Eleanor Roosevelt (1884-1962) was the wife of President Franklin Roosevelt and served as first lady of the United States from 1933 until her husband’s death in 1945. There has been some question about her sexual identity over the years; although she and her husband clearly had a sexual relationship, given that they had six children together, she had a very close friendship with a reporter named Lorena Hickok, and some have argued that the relationship was a romantic one. There is also some evidence that she had at least one extramarital affair with a man. In short, the jury’s still out.
An imitation of Art Carney as Ed Norton on the TV sitcom The Honeymooners, which aired from 1955-1956.
The U.S. Olympic Committee is a national organization that supports, approves, and enters U.S. athletes in the Olympics. The committee also participates in evaluating American cities as future hosts of the games.
“Tastes great, less filling” is an advertising slogan for Miller Lite beer that began in 1973 and ran for more than fifteen years. In early ads for Stove Top Stuffing, the tag line used was, “Stuffing or potatoes?” The Lincoln-Douglas debates were a series of debates held in 1858 between future president Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas. The two men were running for the same Senate seat from Illinois. Lincoln lost the election, but his stellar performance in the debates brought him national attention and launched the political career that would end in the White House.
Romulans were one of the villainous races on the original Star Trek TV series, which aired from 1966-1969. They closely resembled Vulcans, with their pointed ears and slanted eyebrows.
Yogi Berra was a baseball player and longtime Yankees manager. Berra is one of the most quoted figures in sports, including “It’s déjà vu all over again” and “The future ain’t what it used to be.”
A paraphrased line from the popular 1905 song "In My Merry Oldsmobile," which the car company used as a commercial jingle for several decades. Actual lyrics: "Come away with me, Lucille/In my merry Oldsmobile/Down the road of life we'll fly/Automobubbling, you and I ..." (Thanks to Jeff Grindle for this reference.)
Pat Nixon (1912-1993) was the wife of disgraced President Richard Nixon, who resigned in 1974 after the Watergate scandal. During her tenure as First Lady, she took up volunteerism as her personal cause, much as fellow Republican First Lady Nancy Reagan would embrace the “Just Say No” campaign against drugs.
“The Battle Hymn of the Republic” was traditionally President Abraham Lincoln’s favorite song. Sample lyrics: “Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord/He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored/He hath loosed the fateful lightning of his terrible swift sword/His truth is marching on…” The song was written by Julia Ward Howe (1819-1910).
Zelda Gilroy was a character on the TV sitcom The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis, which aired from 1959-1963. Played by Sheila James Kuehl, Zelda was constantly scheming to win Dobie's heart. (Thanks to Heather Barrett for this reference.)
The Corn Palace is a tourist trap in Mitchell, South Dakota: a grandiose building complete with minarets, which boasts a series of murals made from corn and other grains. Sawyer Brown is a country-western band known for such hits as “The Walk” and “All These Years.”
Before unleaded gasoline became the standard, gas station customers had to specify which type of gas they wanted. And back in the old days (sit down, kids, this may take a while), gas stations were not self-serve. A rubber hose laid across the ground in front of the pumps rang a bell when a car rolled over it, and an actual person would come pump the gas for you. In the really old days, they would also wash your windshield, check your oil and tires, and do other minor auto maintenance. That was why they were called “service stations” instead of “gas stations.” In Oregon and New Jersey, the two states in the U.S. that do not allow self-serve gas stations, attendants still exist, though service is minimal, and they are still alerted by a bell activated by a rubber hose.
Clara Peller (1902-1987) was an elderly actress in the 1980s who starred in a famous series of advertisements for the fast food chain Wendy’s, in which she repeatedly asked, “Where’s the beef?”—a question that quickly became a catchphrase. Peller died in 1987.
I thought we were meeting at Chi-Chi’s. –No, I thought we said Chili’s. Are you mad? You’re mad. –No, no, no, it’s just that … –Let’s talk about it tonight at Zantigo. I’ll drive.
Chi-Chi’s is a chain of inexpensive Mexican restaurants. The first location opened in Minneapolis in 1976; there are no restaurants in North America any longer, but there are still some locations overseas. Chili’s Grill & Bar is a chain of “family restaurants” serving mid-priced meals such as ribs, fajitas, steaks, buffalo wings and so forth. Zantigo is a chain of fast-food Mexican restaurants located mainly in the Midwest; Taco Bell acquired the chain in 1986 and converted the locations to Taco Bells. However, in the 1990s some former Zantigo managers opened a small chain of restaurants in the Minneapolis area also named Zantigo, currently with five locations.
Iggy Pop is widely considered the godfather of the punk movement due to his work with seminal 1970s band The Stooges. After that band broke up, he struck out on a solo career.
Alice B. Toklas (1877-1967) was the companion and lesbian lover of writer/critic Gertrude Stein. The pair met in 1907 and stayed together until Stein’s death in 1946. Stein titled her 1933 memoirs The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas.
Ladies and gentlemen, I cannot condone women wrestling. I would be prevaricating if I said it was a valid sport.
An imitation of veteran sportscaster Howard Cosell (1918-1995). Cosell was the commentator on the TV show Monday Night Football from 1970-1983, when he left television sportscasting, calling pro football “a stagnant bore.”
Masked Man El Santo (or Samson, as he is known in the English versions of his films) was a wildly popular Mexican wrestler in the 1960s who starred in a series of movies in which he bravely wrestled various incarnations of evil into submission. He can be seen in Show 624, Samson vs. the Vampire Women. He died of a heart attack in 1984 and was buried in his mask.
“Cool” is a song from the 1957 Broadway musical and 1961 movie West Side Story, written by Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim. Sample lyrics: “Boy, boy, crazy boy,/Get cool, boy!/Got a rocket in your pocket,/Keep coolly cool, boy!”
Gilda Radner (1946-1989) was a comedian who was part of the original cast of Saturday Night Live. She remained with the show for five seasons. She died at the age of 42 from ovarian cancer. Carol Leifer is a standup comedian who has starred in a series of specials on cable television in addition to numerous appearances on David Letterman and other late-night talk shows.
A line from the 1975 song “Love Rollercoaster” by the Ohio Players. In the song, there can be heard a high-pitched scream. An urban legend arose that this was the actual death knell of a woman killed in-studio, or perhaps in an alley outside the studio. It was, in fact, keyboardist Billy Beck (who did not die either), but the rumors gave the song buzz and even boosted airplay and sales, so the band didn’t deny them until many years later. Sample lyrics: “Rollercoaster of love/Oh yeah it's rollercoaster time/Lovin' you is really wild/Oh it’s just a love rollercoaster/Step right up and get your tickets.”
A paraphrase of the Lou Rawls song "Lady Love." Actual lyrics: "Lady love, your love is peaceful like the summer's breeze/My lady love, with love that's tender as a baby's touch ..." (Thanks to Shari Myers for this reference.)
The Better Sex video series is an adult how-to series produced by the Sinclair Intimacy Institute and advertised heavily on late-night TV.
Tony Orlando and Dawn was a pop music group popular during the early 1970s, with such hits as “Knock Three Times” and “Tie a Yellow Ribbon.” From 1974-1976 the group had its own eponymous TV show, which was a mix of music and comedy similar to Sonny and Cher’s TV show.
The Heimlich maneuver is a technique for saving a choking person by dislodging the object that is blocking their airways. It was pioneered in 1974 by American physician Henry Heimlich, although in 2003 Heimlich’s colleague Edward Patrick claimed it was actually he who developed the maneuver.
You know, there’s thousands of Clara’s Army who show up for every match? –Yeah, they camp out at Ticketron outlets to get tickets to each match.
Ticketron was a computerized ticketing service for concerts and sporting events and the like. Billed as an “electronic box office,” Ticketron terminals were located in department stores and banks, and insured that a given seat for an event couldn’t be sold more than once. It was owned by Control Data Corporation from 1969 to 1990, and was sold to Ticketmaster in 1991.
George F. Will is a syndicated newspaper columnist of a conservative bent. He has twice won the Pulitzer Prize for his commentary. He also appears as a political commentator on ABC. Will is also an avid fan of baseball, making frequent baseball references and analogies in his columns, and has written two bestselling books about the sport.
Forrest Gump is a 1994 movie starring Tom Hanks as a man with less-than-average intelligence who happens to be present at many of the great moments in recent history.
Harry Dean Stanton (1926-2017) was a character actor who appeared in such films as Alien (1979) and Repo Man (1984).
“Does this bug you? I’m not touching you” is an often heard MST3K catchphrase with possible origins in something U2 lead singer Bono said in the 1988 concert film Rattle and Hum: “Am I bugging you? I don’t mean to bug ya.” Or it's just a reference to the timeless sibling torment of almost, but not quite, touching, tickling, or punching another sibling, and when a complaint is made, saying "What? I'm not touching you!"
Live! with Regis & Kathie Lee was a long-running morning talk show hosted by Regis Philbin and Kathie Lee Gifford; it aired from 1988-2000, when Gifford left the show and was replaced by Kelly Ripa. The show then became Live with Regis and Kelly.
Max von Sydow is a Swedish actor best known for his work in Ingmar Bergman films, including The Seventh Seal and Wild Strawberries (both 1957). In American cinema, he is most widely recognized for his role as Jesus in the 1965 film The Greatest Story Ever Told—and, among a certain crowd, as Ming the Merciless in Flash Gordon.
A reference to the R.E.M. song “Man on the Moon.” Sample lyrics: “Hey, Andy, did you hear about this one?/Tell me, are you locked in the punch?/Hey, Andy, are you goofing on Elvis?/Hey, baby, are we losing touch?”
Doan’s Pills are a brand of pain reliever that purport to relieve back pain. They are manufactured by Ciba-Geigy.
The Tilt-a-Whirl is a venerable carnival ride first produced in 1926. It is made by Sellner Manufacturing of Minnesota.
Star Search was a TV talent show hosted by Ed McMahon, in which aspiring celebrities competed for their shot at the big time. Contestants often went on to actual show-biz careers, including Dennis Miller, Britney Spears, Rosie O’Donnell, and LeAnn Rimes. It ran from 1983-1995.
Pernell Roberts (1928-2010 was an actor known for his role as Adam, the eldest Cartwright brother, on the TV series Bonanza, a part he played for six seasons. He also starred in the TV series Trapper John M.D. (1979-1986). Roberts can be seen in Show 614, San Francisco International.
A line from the 1991 song “Shiny Happy People” by the band R.E.M., featuring lead vocals by Kate Pierson of the band The B-52's. Sample lyrics: “Take it into town, happy, happy/Put it in the ground where the flowers grow/Gold and silver shine/Shiny happy people holding hands.”
Gregory Peck (1916-2003) was an actor who appeared in such films as To Kill a Mockingbird (1962) and Roman Holiday (1953).
And you’ll be appearing at the Westward Ho next weekend, is that right? Thanks again, Scalli, bye-bye.
The Westward Ho was a casino and hotel in Las Vegas. It opened in 1963 and operated for 42 years before closing in 2005.
Brian Benben is an actor best known for his lead role on the HBO series Dream On. Ostensibly a comedy, the show was largely an excuse to showcase a series of attractive guest stars having sex with Benben.
A line from the R.E.M. song “Stand.” Sample lyrics: “Stand in the place where you live/Now face north/Think about direction/Wonder why you haven't before …”
A reference to the Sheena Easton song “Strut.” Sample lyrics: “Strut, pout, put it out/That's what you want from women/Come on baby, what'cha taking me for/Strut, pout, cut it out/All taking and no giving/Watch me baby, while I walk out the door.”
Epistle to the Ephesians is one of the books of the New Testament. It is a letter written by St. Paul the Apostle sometime around 63 C.E. to the members of the Christian church at Ephesus (in modern-day Turkey).
Al Pacino is one of the most respected leading men in Hollywood, known for his roles in such classic films as The Godfather and Serpico.
Quentin Tarantino is a bad-boy film director who made it big with his hugely influential 1994 film Pulp Fiction; for a while there, you couldn’t swing a stick in Hollywood without hitting a non-linear story line stuffed with pop culture references and episodes of appalling violence.
The Mod Squad was a TV series about three hip young police narks (played by Peggy Lipton, Clarence Williams III, and Michael Cole). It aired from 1968-1973.
Tin Machine was a rock band founded in 1988 by successful solo artist David Bowie. It performed for four years and released two albums before breaking up in 1992; Bowie returned to his solo career thereafter.
Eric Rohmer (1920-2010) was a French New Wave film director known for such works as My Night at Maud’s (1969) and Claire’s Knee (1970).
In 1963, President John F. Kennedy was assassinated during a motorcade in Dallas, while riding in a car with then-Texas Governor John Connally. The Warren Commission that investigated the assassination determined that a single bullet struck Kennedy in the back and exited through his throat before hitting Connally in the back; it then exited through Connally’s chest and broke his right wrist before lodging shallowly in his thigh. Conspiracy theorists have referred to this sarcastically as the “magic bullet” theory, arguing that the bullet, which was recovered at the hospital, could not appear nearly as pristine as it did if it had caused all that damage. They use this to bolster their argument that there was more than one shooter at Dealey Plaza that day.
During the 1980s, Snickers candy bars ran a series of commercials with the tag line, "Packed with peanuts, Snickers really satisfies." (Thanks to Sitting Duck for this reference.)
Herbie is the name of a lovable VW bug that starred in a series of four movies, starting with the 1968 film The Love Bug.
A popular American prank, especially around Halloween, is to throw multiple rolls of toilet paper over someone’s house and/or the trees in their yard in the middle of the night, so they wake up the next morning to a fluttery, papery mess.
A natatorium is a building that houses a swimming pool. The University of Wisconsin at Madison—Kevin Murphy’s alma mater—has a natatorium in a brick building. Alert reader “sambsonwayfinder” thought Tom was saying “mandatorium,” in which case MST3K may have coined that word, which has since appeared in an episode of Futurama and in various blogs and stories.
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a fantasy novel for children by C.S. Lewis. The first in the Chronicles of Narnia series, it was published in 1950. It is a book about four children who crawl into a wardrobe and find themselves in another world.
A reference to the R.E.M. song “Losing My Religion.” Sample lyrics: “That's me in the corner/That's me in the spotlight/Losing my religion/Trying to keep up with you/And I don't know if I can do it …”
John Woo is a Hong Kong film director known for balletic scenes of extreme violence in such films as The Killer (1989).
What a powerful ending! This movie was the Jaws of its day. People were afraid to go to ladies’ wrestling.
When the shark-attack movie Jaws came out in 1975, it created an atmosphere of mass hysteria about sharks. Many people who saw the movie refused to go in the ocean for years afterward. Unfortunately, the movie also inspired some people to go out and kill the sharks before the sharks could kill them—this despite the fact that shark attacks are actually relatively rare. Peter Benchley, who wrote the book on which the film was based, later became active in the shark preservation movement, working to educate people about sharks worldwide.
An Orthodox Christian non-governmental and non-profit organization, established with the aim of assisting children from various social risk categories.
A private Orthodox Christian elementary school in southwest Santa Rosa, in Sonoma County, California. History and philosophy, Orthodoxy, Articles on education, School store, Curriculum & craft ideas, School handbook, and Contact info. St. Michael’s was closed in May, 2014.
Common vocabularies, data standards, application profiles and ontologies are key in ensuring we can make better meaning and management of the vast amounts of data becoming available every day. ...
Recorded Webinar: Best practice in governance of data for research: Licensing and Accessing (UK Data Service)
We are pleased to invite you to attend an upcoming Webinar on AGRIS for Agricultural Information Data providers!This Webinar is co-organized by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the...
This is a gentle reminder to spend 10-15 minutes from your valuable time to share your views on "Ontology metadata" through this survey (see below for the details and the survey link).If...
Dear Colleagues ! We are looking forward to seeing you in Berlin or remotely !This year IGAD-RDA Pre-meeting will focus on the implementation of the FAIR principles according...
In November 2017, the Global Forum on Agricultural Research and Innovation (GFAR) convened a training course and a Symposium on Farmers’ Access to Data in Centurion, South Africa...
Following on from the successful first round of GODAN Action's e-learning course on Open Data Management in Agriculture and Nutrition, we are pleased to re-open the applications for...
We invite dynamic trainers with demonstrable experience, who would like to collaborate with the GODAN* (Global Open Data for Agriculture and Nutrition) Action project to build the...
Researchers, law students, policymakers, judges and legal experts in low- and middle-income countries can now get free or low-cost online access to legal information and...
Ready to drive this 2018 Buick Enclave? Let us know below when you are coming in, and we'll get it ready for you.
HJRUC 2018 Player Registration | Season 2018 registrations will open soon and we want you to be the first to know about it.
Submit your details on the 2019 pre-registration form and the HJRUC registrar will contact you as soon as the 2019 registration period is open.
.Further information about the Active Kids sports voucher can be found via the following link: Active Kids Sports Voucher
.Once again all U6’s players will play for free however due to the online registration process all insurance are required to be paid up front. This fee will reimbursed to you by the Club and our registrar will be in contact in due course to obtain banking details and arrange reimbursement.
Submit your details below and when registrations open for season 2019 the club registrar will email to you the registration link and joining instructions.
We will introduce Serialization using the PingPong sample provided by Ariba. You will find the following code in PingPongMessage.h:
The message format for communication between Ariba PingPong instances is defined in the class PingPongMessage. It inherits from the Message class and uses the macro VSERIALIZEABLE; to declare this class as being able to serialize and deserialize itself. Note, that each such class must provide a default constructor that takes no arguments. The PingPongMessage defines two properties id and name that it wants to communicate to a remote instance.
As you can see above, CLASSNAME is in the case of the PingPong sample the complate namespace with the class name ariba::application::pingpong::PingPongMessage. Furthermore the variables that are meant for serialization are combined to the X using the && operator. This operator is invoked both when serializing and when deserializing. Therefore, this is the only special code handling required.
Note the T() macro that is used for serialization of std::string objects. The following special handlers are provided:
(De-)Serializes a string. If no length is given, the string is serialized zero-terminated. If a length is given the length must be serialized and taken care of separately.
It is always best to use types that have a specified length, e.g. uint8_t, uint16_t, ... etc. If you are serializing through a inherited type where the serialization is provided in the base class, use the & operator before. Such a case is e.g. the NodeID class:
The code which is between sznBeginDefault and sznEnd is called for serialization and for deserialization. Sometimes it is necessary to distinguish between the two for special handling. Therefore, you can use the functions
When you want to have several message classes, you require one contained class where to can store which inner class is carried. This is, because messages don't carry there type with them. This means you always must know what kind of message you are delivered. Therefore, make a container class where you store the specific type stored. Make sure that your base class serializer always triggers serialization of the encapsulated class through
Sometimes, it is necessary to transfer a complete vector of objects through a message. The following code is taken from the NodeListingReply.h file of the OneHop? overlay in Ariba.
In this message we want to transfer a vector that holds combinations of NodeID and EndpointDescriptor?. Also note, that we store pointers to EndpointDescriptors?:
In case of serialization the actual length len will be stored in the serialization, in case of deserialization the len that has been set to the size of the vector will be overwritten with the value stored in the message. Next, in case we are performing a deserialization, we resize the vector according to the size stored in the message:
The following points are of importance: First, note the & before descriptors[i].first. This is required as the actual serialization code of the NodeID class remains in a base class. Second, we use the VO macro to deserialize through a pointer. In case of deserialization, this will directly create a new EndpointDescriptor object through the new operator.
Also Thursday, the Senate Judiciary Committee authorized - but did not issue - subpoenas to Gonzales and to the custodian of records at the Executive Office of the President for all administration documents on the legality of the program. The panel approved giving Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., authority to issue the subpoenas, 13-3, with Republican Sens. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, Orrin Hatch of Utah and Chuck Grassley of Iowa voting with the Democrats.
The White House made no move to comply. "It's important for Congress to understand that the information the committee is requesting is highly classified and not information we can make available," said Bush assified and not
The White House made no move to comply. "It's important for Congress to understand that the information the committee is requesting is highly classified and not information we can make available," said Bush
The White House made no move to comply. "It's important for Congress to understand that the information the committee is requesting is highly classified and not information we can make available," said Bush assified and not information we can make available," said Bush
The White House made no move to comply. "It's important for Congress to understand that the information the committee is requesting ongres
The White House made no move to comply. "It's important for Congress to understand that the information the committee is requesting is highly classified and not information we can make available," said Bush assified
The White House made no move to comply. "It's important for Congress to understand that the information the committee is requesting
Below are your search results for jobs that include the keywords "Controller Jobs". To filter (or to expand) your results, please use the options in the right sidebar. This will help you customize the results as much, or as little, as you want to!
The Barber Turf Rake removes years of foliage build-up that clogs the a waste water treatment facility's drying beds, allowing water to pass through the sand and into the underlying aquifer. Drying beds, along with ocean discharge, serve as the final steps for waste water treatment that return the water to the environment. The Turf Rake can be used to remove stones, foliage, and other unwanted debris from soil to prepare land for construction, agriculture, or, as in this case, alternate turf applications.
A company that has always attributed such great importance to the author of the designs could never forget the great figures in history. That is why the Bd catalogue of contemporary creations has always included those by admired classical masters.
Antoni Gaudí (1852/1926) is, without doubt, the most internationally well-known Spanish architect. But is not only his buildings and brilliant architectural solutions that have travelled the globe. His integrated conception of architecture led him to pay attention, not only to structural calculations, but also to all the decorative elements, including furniture, that would form part of the building. The admiration felt by modern designers for the furniture designed by Gaudí has not gone unnoticed by Bd which was the first company to rescue them from history by embarking on their serial production using traditional art and craft techniques and the same materials –varnished solid oak– in order to reproduce all the rich detail displayed by the originals when they were first produced.
Tell us what you think about the CALVET Mirror. It will help us provide you with better products in the future and help your fellow BarcelonaConcept shoppers make better purchases.
* This offer is valid for first-time email subscribers only.To take advantage of this offer, enter your email address before closing this window. You can unsubscribe at any time. Click here to read our full privacy policy. Some promo code restrictions apply.
Virtually all of the bar code equipment we sell includes a manufacturers warranty, which in most cases covers the equipment for a full twelve months from the date of purchase on a return to depot basis.
Additional warranties are available through Bar Code Software, Inc. These extended manufacturer service policies may be purchased along with your equipment or after the original twelve month warranty has expired, and covers either on-site service or one and two day depot service.
If equipment is returned for warranty service, it typically takes three to four weeks before the equipment is returned to the customer. Therefore, we highly recommend the purchase of a service contract that works for your company. Bar Code Software, Inc., can inform you of all your options and related costs so that you can make an informed decision.
IMPORTANT: While Bar Code Software does not perform actual equipment maintenance, we do support all of the software and hardware that we sell. When experiencing difficulties, our clients can call us, free of charge, and we can help determine if the problem concerns set-up, operational errors or hardware deficiencies that require the manufacturer’s maintenance.
CF7216 CARFI is a useful 4G wireless car router for those who travel a lot and want to provide a stable connection for the whole family. It provides wireless hotspot for 4G LTE network and keeps your device charged, all of that in your car.
This CarFi is compatible with LTE category 4 and provides a data connection during the journey with up to 150 Mbit / s downstream and 50 Mbit / s upload speed. It could support up to 10 Wi-Fi devices in the car to access the 4G/3G mobile network. It is equipped with a standard USB port which could charge your smartphone and tablets while driving.
Arquivos Select Month December 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 August 2013 July 2013 April 2013 March 2013 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 July 2011
by chance,maybe,mayhap,peradventure,perhaps,possibly,maybe,peradventure,by luck,perhaps,possibly,accidentally,circumstantially,perchance,by chance,unexpectedly,mayhap,haply,
CABLE-29SAS27P is the solution for connecting the latest SAS internal/external storage devices. It provides connection from the Host 29pin SAS connector to dual SATA 7pin with Molex (4pin) power-in. This cable is a reliable solution in connecting and maintaining the fast data transfer rate capability of SAS interface. For use with enclosures, mobile...
CABLE-32SAS47 is used to split into quad SATA 7pin connectors from 32pin Host SAS connector. SAS and SATA are the common interfaces in storage devices and SAS is the next-generation interface standard for SCSI-based system. This cable will meet the demand of the latest technology and is the perfect solution for the latest data storage devices. Spectra-strip...
The temporal indicator of 1895-1945 represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Athens Regional Library System.
The story of Ruth is more than folklore. It contains secrets to living a successful life. The Book of Ruth tells the story of two homeless widows, Ruth and her mother-in-law, Naomi. Ruth was a foreigner, an outsider learning to survive in a new land. By studying her life we can learn much about living well. The Ruth Factor explores the character traits necessary for creating your own best life. In it, you will explore ten Keys for successful living. These are the FACTORS, the character traits, that Ruth developed and used to change from homeless widow to wealthy matriarch. They are the same factors that the author used to grow from a reclusive introvert to public speaker, motivator, counselor and compassionate coach.
“The Ruth Factor shares insights and wisdom from hard-earned life lessons that will inspire you to keep going no matter how challenging things get. A modern-day story filled with ancient wisdom. Well done.” – Christine Kloser, Author of The Freedom Formula®
“It’s all right there, for thousands of years: The Ruth Factor is chuck full of inspiration!” -Gordon Burgett, Author of the Lifelong Wealth Report
I loved the book!! It was so inspirational and positive!! It made me feel good to think about all the ways I could achieve personal goals. I loved the definitions, inspirational verses, and the explanations.
“The Ruth Factor is beautifully written and helps you connect with what it means to live a successful life on a deeper level. And the action steps included make it even MORE powerful. Each page urged me on… compelling me to read the next and the next. Most importantly, it’ll help you create a life of success and harmony – because you deserve it.” – Keith Matthew,
Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed.
My name is Mrs Sharon Sim. I live in Singapore and i am a happy woman today? and i told my self that any lender that rescue my family from our poor situation, i will refer any person that is looking for loan to him, he gave me happiness to me and my family, i was in need of a loan of S$250,000.00 to start my life all over as i am a single mother with 3 kids I met this honest and GOD fearing man loan lender that help me with a loan of S$250,000.00 SG. Dollar, he is a GOD fearing man, if you are in need of loan and you will pay back the loan please contact him tell him that is Mrs Sharon, that refer you to him. contact Dr Purva Pius,via email:(urgentloan22@gmail.com) Thank you.
A i ,, , Wendall Kaanoi Alicia Keith Cynthia Keith Susan Keiiei. Rick Kennedy Doris Kile Don Knight is 1 Q , Debbie Knox Cindy Kulzer in " ' iz Mr. Justice and friends Tracy Lancette Greg Lay ,4w,5,Z-42N as Ronald League Mike Lehman Lynn Levick Robbie Lewis Sung Lim Shawn Linzy Mickey Liticker 'ff 2' l 'LJ Jeff Loggans Sandra Lorenz Julie Lott Ed Lozinsky Pat Lumley Jeff Lytle Mary Macauley 12
Are you trying to find old school friends, old classmates, fellow servicemen or shipmates? Do you want to see past girlfriends or boyfriends? Relive homecoming, prom, graduation, and other moments on campus captured in yearbook pictures. Revisit your fraternity or sorority and see familiar places. See members of old school clubs and relive old times. Start your search today! Looking for old family members and relatives? Do you want to find pictures of parents or grandparents when they were in school? Want to find out what hairstyle was popular in the 1920s? E-Yearbook.com has a wealth of genealogy information spanning over a century for many schools with full text search. Use our online Genealogy Resource to uncover history quickly! Are you planning a reunion and need assistance? E-Yearbook.com can help you with scanning and providing access to yearbook images for promotional materials and activities. We can provide you with an electronic version of your yearbook that can assist you with reunion planning. E-Yearbook.com will also publish the yearbook images online for people to share and enjoy.
Material on this website is protected by copyright laws of the United States and international treaties. No protected images or material on this website may be copied or printed without express authorization.
IKO NAX 5035 bearing original in Tunisia are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fan
Model: NAX5035D:62 mmCr:42200 N C0r:83400 N Grease RPM:4500 1/minm:287 kg NAX5035 bearing IKO NAX5035
IKO CF3V KOYO NAX5035Z BEARING NEEDLE AND THRUST Leader Singapore is authorized dealers in interchange all bearing types, including IKO NAX5035Z McGill CAMROL
Tesserandoti farai un gesto significativo per la tutela degli Animali e della Natura, nonché un’azione di autotutela.
Question: I don’t want to be in the middle of this! My boyfriend’s mother is sick and he wants to move back home to be closer to her. His mother HATES me and he wants me to go with him. The doctor’s are saying the outlook is not positive and I want him to be there for his mother but I don’t think I am a big enough person to put our issues aside to endure her. Am I horrible?
Answer: Yes, you are a horrible horrible person and you’re going to hell. KIDDING!!!!!! You are magnificent and courageous and willing to tell the truth… and I find that inspiring 🙂
I think it’s very important for people to be given the option to spend time with their parents as they die because sometimes people die suddenly and you never get a chance to say something; yet, your boyfriend will be able to feel good about the time, effort, and presence he gives her.
And it’s also very important for you not to stop living or choose something that’s not a contribution for you and sacrifice yourself for another only to resent them later.
What if it’s OK that he goes to live with his mother and what if it’s OK that you don’t? What if it’s OK that you go visit him when it works for you or he comes and visits you? What if it’s OK that you stay in environment where people honor you and don’t subject yourself to someone who apparently hates you?
What if it’s OK that both of you live your truth and that doesn’t mean you have to break up? What if going through this brings you both closer? Or what if this allows you to see his true colors in a way that supports you and deciding whether you want to continue the relationship to the next level or not?
What if the universe is actually on your side here and now even though in the moment you feel like you’re in the middle?
Clearing away our self judgment and clearing away the judgments of others and taking regular time to listen to what you know, journal about your intuition, take actions based on what you know to be true… All of this builds your confidence and your awareness and your ability to create a life you love.
This is a wonderful learning opportunity for you to trust what you know and communicate it in a way that doesn’t create defensiveness or separation, but allows you to stay connected and express what you desire and require and allow it to be OK that he has different desires. It’s a practice for both of you not to judge one another which is only going to make both of you better people 🙂
What if having more time away from him could be used toward something creative that you want to dive into but haven’t because you haven’t had the space or time? It could be an inner exploration of your spiritual evolution or an outer expression of your creativity, yes? What if this allows you to put in structures to keep your connection and communication authentic and alive and the sets up the foundation for the best relationship ever with him?
I would love to be able to ask you a series of questions and see what truth bubbles up… Something very powerful happens when you’re listened to somebody that doesn’t judge you and is open to infinite possibilities… It’s like you’re held in the reality of a deeper wider grander world of possibilities… And it’s easier to hear your own truth and it feels so good to be honored for what’s deeply true to you…
So if you’d like to experience that level of being held and safe and the clarity, discernment and awareness that comes from that so that you can make the best choice for your life and relationship, I would be honored to connect with you. You can apply for a complimentary strategy session at Befertile.com/connect.
Bottom line is that we’re on the planet together, we’re meant to support one another, we’re meant to be held and feel safe and be appreciated along the exquisitely messy yet fabulous journey called life 🙂
Tags : #AllanaQandA, #IntimateCL, Allana Pratt, being honest, choices, Coach Allana Pratt, conflict, control, dating, Dating Coach, Dating Expert, death, decisions, dying parent, intimacy coach, intimacy expert, Intimate Conversations Live, q&a, Questions & Answers, Questions and Answers, relationship, relationship coach, Relationship Expert, relationships, stuck in the middle, truth
This Longcase Mahogany's Maker - Lomax, Blackburn. John, recorded born 1749, died 1814. Clock and watchmaker.
Figured mahogany with swan neck pediment. The trunk with reeded quarter columns and book matched figured mahogany to trunk door. The base with book matched figured mahogany canted corners and ogee feet.
14" breakarch painted dial with moonphases to arch. Flower sprays on green background to corner spandrels and "Ho Ho" birds to dial centre. Subsidiary dials for seconds and date.
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!!!! Beautiful One Bedroom Apartment in the Heart of Woodside Close to transportation and Shopping. 15 Minutes to Manhattan. top floor unit in Elevator building, Laundry Room in basement, Live-in Super. Immaculate wood floors with windows facing N / NE. Lots of natural light.
In Erenovable we get not tired of stress that nuclear energy should be replaced by other forms of energy that are cleaner for the environment and safe society. This is evident by the reality. From the great disaster of Fukushima, to numerous nuclear incidents of "low hazard" that occur in the Spanish nuclear power stations and throughout the world. No we cannot continue relying us Atomic Energy.
Precisely, we returned once again this issue in view of a new incident at the Ascó nuclear power plant, listed as a level 1 according to the CSN (Nuclear Safety Commission) and 0 level according to the IFES (international scale of nuclear accidents).
The incident occurred last April 28, when due to a "human error" was opened a motorized valve isolation of sinks, which resulted in the spill of about 25 m3 of radioactive water from the primary coolant system towards the sink. Sinks rebalsaron, leaving a flood on the grounds of the containment of 5 cm, which resulted in 19 workers who were there to be with his feet wet by the contaminated water.
All employees were subsequently analyzed, without radioactive contamination found in none of them. As they explain, "Fortunately" the reactor was stop to recharge, so the concentration of radioactive material was a thousand times lower than normal while it is operating to power.
Therefore, there has been no harm more... "Fortunately"... definitely something that highlights once more the need to strengthen our A LA ENERGIA NUCLEAR non!
HD Stock Video Footage - Commander in Chief presents President's Cup to Battle Force Football Team in United States.
Commander in Chief presents President's Cup to Battle Force Football Team in United States. Members of the football team lined up on quarter deck. Admiral handing cup to a LTJG (Lieutenant, Junior Grade) during ceremony. LTJG hands over the cup to one of the football team member's hands, which in turn is passed on to other team members.
When I bought this wool in Marrakeck, it seemed to be green/kaki. Outside, it was different. As I was looking for the exact word, Monique said "mustard".
This morning I biked with my new cowl. Some straws stayed in this gross nice wool. Cost of the cowl : 0.30€. What else to say ?
Thankfully it’s been a cool summer so I’ve had a chance to work on some new patterns for the Autumn/Winter 2011 Collection. The branches of our trees are hanging heavy with a bounty of fruit and I can’t help but feel inspired by the colours of the upcoming harvest. The freezer is filled with peaches, my […]
By Tango | Posted in Work | Tagged sale, tangonovemberbravo | Comments Off on tangoNovemberbravo Summer Sale
… is making us ignorant.” This is 8000 clicks between 2 chicks. esquerda (left) is ~t~ in portugal | direita (right) is ~d~ in vancouver .tNb PS: Muito obrigada to Daddy Papersurfer, Lo,TG, Alice, Elisabete, daisyfae and djbeat for their risky comments on Een Paar Dagen.
Just as temperatures started to rise in Cabril I jumped on a train, plane and automobile and headed north to spend a few days in the Netherlands with my oldest friend and her family. I wasn’t sure what to expect from the trip but I didn’t expect to find a whole new perspective. And contrary […]
全ての商品から ACME STYLE SAMPLE : アクメスタイルサンプル journal standard furniture STYLE SAMPLE : ジャーナルスタンダードファニチャースタイルサンプル Shop styling : ショップスタイリング Room styling : ルームスタイリング ACME : アクメ journal standard furniture : ジャーナルスタンダードファニチャー Select : セレクト BasShu : バッシュ Table : テーブル Cabinet : キャビネット Sofa*Chair : ソファ・チェア Lamp : ランプ Clock : クロック Wall Deco : 壁面装飾 Others : その他・アンティーク雑貨 Vintage Clothes Boots : ヴィンテージクローズ・ブーツ・アクセサリー Sold Out : 販売終了
It was the lovely Cajsa who came up with this idea on Plurk: the Donna Flora A to Z project. The reason behind all this, you can read on Cajsa's blog. And with this I too would like to send out possitive vibes to Squinternet Larnia and anyone else fighting illness. Know you are never alone and stay strong.
So this is a post where I pretend I haven't been majorly blog-slacking these past few weeks and I try to hide it by giving you three looks. All the same Ingenue flats at Shoetopia, but I created a few different outfits with them. Amazing amirite?
Who has two thumbs and blogs three posts with new releases in one week? This girl! I wouldn't get used to this extravaganza though ;-)
I didn't even plan on blogging any of the items in my outfit today, but here we are. It all started with some rather fabulous earrings from Kunglers for Cosmopolitan this week. Or last week, since you know I'm slow. Then I found out Truth released some new hair (also a few weeks ago, but bear with me here) and they worked so wonderfully together. With Emery's kimono from the latest Collabor88 round, I just had to add some pants (Ison feat. Rowne thankyouverymuch) and a top (Mutresse, all the laces darling!) to be blogworthy.
Ever wondered what the ideal weight for your height is? If you have, then, like most people, you've probably consulted your trusty BMI chart or calculator. All you need to do is multiply your weight in pounds by 703, and then divide that number by your height in inches squared. Easy peasy, right? Yeah - admittedly it's not the easiest calculation to work with, and even with handy online calculators, you're only given a 'range' in which you would be considered healthy...but what does it really mean?
BMI, or body mass index, has long been the gold standard for determining whether an individual is in the 'healthy' range for their height. The problem with this formula, however, is that with ranges come discrepancies and confusion about the 'right' weight to be for optimal health. That's why Professor George Fernandez of the Center for Research Design and Analysis at the University of Nevada has come up with a much easier and simpler system that might eventually replace BMI.
According to Fernandez, we should be able to know what our Maximum weight limit is and stay below it, just like a speed limit, and not dabble about in some 'range' of weights. All you need to do is remember these baseline numbers and the rest is simple. For men, the baseline is 5-feet, 9-inches tall and the Maximum Weight Limit is 175 pounds. For a woman, the baseline is 5-feet tall with a Maximum Weight Limit of 125 pounds. From there, you add or subtract 5 pounds for every inch taller or shorter (respectively) you are than the baseline height. So, for a woman standing at 5'8'', her MWL would be 8x5lbs more than 125 lbs, or 165lbs, which matches up on the BMI chart. With a much simpler formula and easy reference numbers to remember, MWL seems like just the thing we've been waiting for to help with health and weight loss goals.
Read more about MWL in the article called "New Way To Calculate Body's 'Maximum Weight Limit" from ScienceDaily (Sept 21, 2009).
Categories Select Category film photography food & recipes in conversation iphone snaps movie stills moving images photography short films words
Archives Select Month October 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 January 2011 December 2010
International Programmers’ Day was last week; today we give a special shout-out to those programmers who developed the apps that allow companies to communicate easily and provide services to clients from around the world.
NTR Lab is one of those companies; we work remotely using multiple technologies to communicate and collaborate with companies in dozens of countries. We also connect with them in person during road trips taken specifically to meet them.
Today we would like to tell more about life of our software development company and present the most popular and interesting stuff happened recently. We prepared list post with our TOPs.
Blockchain technology continues to develop rapidly both in Russia and the worldwide. According to some recruiting agencies, the demand for blockchain specialists in just the Russian Federation has grown 40 times over the past six months.
There have been conducted about 10 hackathons for blockhain solutions in Russia over the past year. Many large Russian banks, such as Sberbank, Alfa Bank, Otkritie Bank, RosEvroBank, continue pilot projects to implement blockchain in their business processes and some have already switched its to commercial operations.
Shortage of qualified developers? No time to build the right team? Have an idea, but aren’t technical? Startup needs been there/done that advice? Speed is everything; to develop fast you need new developers to both start and scale.
We are NTR Lab — a custom software development company. We can help with all the questions above. We offer solutions. We develop our clients’ ideas using our existing teams.
Three great co-hosted events are happening today at Amsterdam’s RAI! Visit Twitter and Facebook for pictures and updates.
Next week we will be in Amsterdam to attend AI Expo Europe: Europe’s Leading Artificial Intelligence Event.
In 2009 a new online payment system was created by an anonymous entity with the pseudonym of Satoshi Nakamoto. To this day no one knows if Nakamoto is one person or a group, but just about everyone has heard about what they created — bitcoin. Bitcoin became the first widespread cryptocurrency.
Cryptocurrency allows you to store its value without intermediaries. In this, it is similar to cash. As cash lies on your nightstand, your bitcoins are stored in a large file called a blockchain.
The file is structured so that new blocks can be added only to the end chain; nothing written previously can be changed. The blocks store records of transactions, what address to what address, amount, transaction time.
A group of representatives of various organisations recently attended a PARN event to discuss the UK’s impending exit from the European Union.
Selman Ansari, Senior Consultant at law firm Bindmans, was there and now writes exclusively for us on the legal implications of Brexit for professional bodies.
Despite the plethora of strong, and often opposing, opinions regarding Brexit, it is largely agreed that the future is currently uncertain. This is not least because exiting the European Union is unlikely to be done unilaterally. For the United Kingdom to exit from the EU (if, indeed, it is the entirety of the United Kingdom that eventually exits) in an orderly fashion, there will need to be some level of agreement with remaining member states as to the terms of exit. Those terms will have trading, constitutional and legal dimensions, all of which also overlap. To understand what Brexit preparations membership organisations should be undertaking, it is useful to understand these dimensions.
With regard to trading, broadly the conundrum that the UK faces is whether we move away from the single market EU rules (such as freedom of movement) but also then have to move away from current favourable trading rights. Or, whether we seek to retain the rules and the current trading rights.
Constitutionally, there is uncertainty about exactly how the vote to exit the European Union will be brought about. There are, at least, a couple of aspects to this particular issue. Firstly, once negotiations with other member states have been concluded, will the negotiated deal be put to parliament for ratification prior to implementation? It has even been mooted that any new deal should be put to the country in a second referendum prior to implementation. Sticking with a parliamentary vote; given that a majority of MPs backed remaining in the EU and that many might have their own agendas with regard to any exit deal with the EU, this adds to the uncertainty.
Perhaps the most difficult question is the one that receives least attention: how will the hundreds, possibly thousands, of EU inspired legal instruments that are law in the United Kingdom right now be replaced?
EU laws comprise the famous ‘directives’ from Brussels, that tell governments rather than citizens what to do, as well as regulations, which are ‘directly effective’ and stand as laws applicable to citizens. Directives generally must be translated into domestic law. There are other laws, regulations and practices too which are derived from our current membership of the EU. Key laws in the UK, in areas as diverse as employment, financial services, the export of antiquities, and, food safety, are derived from the EU (either as a result of directives or regulations, or, in an effort to remain integrated within the single market). The nature of the exit terms will be crucial in making a start in determining the UK’s post-Brexit rule book. But this will only be the start. Even in the unlikely event of the UK ripping up all EU rules, what will replace those rules? Given the sheer breadth of EU laws, many of which are highly technical and uncontroversial, replacing such legislation with UK specific legislation (not taking into account devolution issues) will be a mammoth task.
The key top tip for starting to deal with Brexit’s impact on your members and their profession or sector is to assess which of the current trading rules and laws your members operate under are European. Some such rules and laws will clearly be labelled as such. However, some may be more difficult to discern as such and advice may be needed.
To avoid reinventing the wheel and to ensure some degree of harmonisation with our continental neighbours, whatever our political relationship with them might be, many of these laws may remain the same or very similar. It is difficult to remove laws or rights in one fell swoop – so, where there is substantive change, transitional arrangements are likely. It is important to be aware of what will change and what will remain the same.
There may be wider consequences of Brexit that might disproportionately impact your members. For example, restrictions on free movement of workers may well affect any sector that relies on European professionals. Or, your members’ sector may be one that relies heavily on the EU for funding. Whilst the government has made some commitments with regard to current funding, what is the future?
Mapping the EU’s current impact (both direct and indirect) on your members and their sector now allows you to develop a vision of how a post-Brexit future for your sector should look and to be a thought leader. In the whirlwind created by the big Brexit vote, much thought has been devoted to the ‘three dimensions’ but little to anything else, particularly in government. This creates an ideal opportunity for professional associations to lobby and advocate for what is needed for their sectors to thrive in a post-Brexit United Kingdom.
Are you interested in joining our Europe special interest group? Email [email protected] for updates and invites.
We post snippets of our latest research, comments from the sector and interviews with professionals and professional bodies alike! We’ll also take you through our new projects and upcoming opportunities.
We had a most lovely First Friday event with Mary Briggs, really lovely, very special. And the seasons they're a changing and so is the store....bringing in all kinds of fall goodness. And I did some hunting and gathering in Portland and even hired a new manager! (More on that in future post)
Facebook has a bug directing all links here to the blog. For the main site please go to http://www.PoliticsDebunked.com
According to the Pew Center: "Among adults younger than age 30, as many saw news on a social networking site the previous day (33%) as saw any television news (34%), with just 13% having read a newspaper either in print or digital form". Other groups aren't as far along but show the same trend.
The site now provides "posters" at the end of each article that are sized to be posted on Facebook or tweeted, along with links to make that easier. You may also copy the images and spread them anyway you want. The main PoliticsDebunked.com page has been updated with posters for existing articles and those "coming soon".
The only way the government will ever change is if those who wish to see change spread the word virally. If you don't take part in the process, then don't complain after the next election or major new law change. Perhaps information on this site is nothing new to you and your friends.. but it may be to friends of friends. The only way to reach the public is if *you* help do the work to spread the word via email (still the most viral media), social networking sites (posting on your own page, and on group pages or asking the owners to post to group pages), posts on blogs, letters to the editor, emails to talk shows an columnists, etc.
The general sharing links let you get to any sites that are missed. Better integration for some like Google+ are considered as time permits. If the lack of a Facebook "like" button seems odd, its partly because the "share" and "send" buttons on Facebook are more viral (especially if you share things directly on the page of friends).
Its also because the Facebook "like" button won't work with the site even though oddly other Facebook methods do. It appears likely to be due to a censorship campaign on the part of those who didn't like some content posted to Facebook . CNET reported before that some partisans have taken to seeking out any political content they don't like to label it as "spam". They'll go to facebook groups of their opponents and label anything they disagree with as spam even when its non-commercial content relevant to the topic and with the same political leanings the group was intended for. . People reported having PoliticsDebunked.com content labeled as "spam". Its necessary to risk posting even to groups that may not always agree with the content to get other voices heard, risking closed minded censors.
There wasn't a like button on the site at first, and adding one didn't work, it gives an error claiming PoliticsDebunked.com is a "suspicious URL". Alternatively there are reports on the net that a Facebook bug may also be causing that error for some sites, research is ongoing. This site is new, so after more people share its content another test will be done in case that helped.
Note: when the site was first launched recently there was a glitch. At some point Google's web creation and blogging tools didn't play well together and the PoliticsDebunked.com main website links were going to the blog for some people, notably many from Facebook. They worked for the site author so it wasn't noticed right away. This has been fixed, so please tell others who may not have seen the main site to go take a look. Or to look again if they haven't seen the new site :-)
• Stimulus best case: like giving sick patients a stimulant to party, worse afterwards. Likely: Pork.
Laptops are as essentials as the smartphones, if it’s the office work or any other important task all you need a complete system to work on. The smartphone can never replace the need of Laptop as it has much greater and powerful functions which are not only required for work purpose for entertainment as well. People do use laptops as the storage device and media box, some users even use the laptops for gaming purpose. The laptop purchase is another task which needs a lot of time and market research. The user preferences could be different and depend on the requirement and purpose of the use. But in actual a good laptop is the one with all the best features compact in it with amazing prices. This list doesn't just cover the best high-end laptops, it has been made by looking and searching for all brilliant budget laptops, amazing gaming
There was a time when people used to meet and socialize in person. The technological shift has turned the lifestyle and now socializing means using the social sites. The one of the most loved and used social site is non-other than Facebook. Every other person has the Facebook account if he or she has the internet access. Facebook has made life easier and open. People love to share their life events, memories, thoughts and personal information on Facebook. But the main question is here whether this is safe to share all of the information on Facebook. Is the Facebook is trustworthy to give your personal information access? It was already seen that Facebook was in hot water recently as it was revealed that Facebook was misusing the user data for its own benefits and money making. While the data breaching scandal bought things into the limelight, it was also promised
LG is one of the famous brands. The company keeps bringing new smartphones with the high-end features as well as the midrange features packed devices in the affordable rates. It has many series which has different features according to the target market. Not only has that LG also had its flagships which give good competitions to the rivals. Recently, LG has released LG Q Stylus which is the mid-range smartphone with a stylus. This release grabbed the attention as right now in the market only Samsung is ruling with stylus smartphone which is the Samsung Galaxy Note series. So LG tried to bring that feature to the mid-range for the budget conscious customers. LG has released two of the flagship smartphones in 2018, the one was LG G7 ThinQ which was announced in May and the one was LG V35 ThinQ announced in June. Both of the smartphones created a
Samsung is the Korean brand and it is one of the most reliable company for the smartphones. Customers love Samsung products and wait for their new models, updates, and innovations. The market leader is always in news for their upcoming smartphones and products. Samsung is also known for catering the mass market with the different series. It has A series and J series for midrange customers worldwide, moreover the flagship series Samsung Galaxy Note and Samsung Galaxy S are the high-end series but the people are more interested as it attracts every market because of the technological advancements and upgraded features. The market trendsetter is now in the news for bringing up something interesting and innovative. Samsung is always a trendsetter as its all innovations are trustworthy and up to mark which creates trust in the customer for its reliable products. Samsung puts a lot of efforts in R&D to
OnePlus 6 has already heated up the market. The smartphone is a package of powerful features and gives straight competition to the big brand's flagships. OnePlus 6 is a successful smartphone and now customers are looking up for OnePlus 7 with the better features and enhancements. OnePlus might also release the OnePlus 6T at the end of 2018. The OnePlus T versions are the upgrades of the flagships with little updates. Moreover, the next big thing from OnePlus is much anticipated OnePlus 7. The price of OnePlus 7 in UAE and the release date of OnePlus 7 is also discussed in this article with the upcoming expectations and speculations about the smartphone. The rumors or leaks of OnePlus 6T or OnePlus 7 are not out but the speculations are here about OnePlus 7 before it will hit the market. The speculations and expected features are discussed below of the upcoming
All the brands are releasing their flagship smartphones with best features and innovative designs. Recently it is been observed that 2018 is the year of innovation in the smartphone features as well as the designs. We have seen Huawei P20 Pro with the triple rear camera, HTC U12 Plus with 4 cameras. Whereas, the designs innovation is being observed recently by two big Chinese brands that are Oppo Find X and Vivo NEX, both of the smartphones have unique camera setups which makes it interesting and appealing. These all are the premium smartphones with high-end features. But what about the budget smartphones, all those customers who are within the limited budget to buy a good smartphone with efficient features, here is the answer. The big brands also do consider those customers and have released some amazing smartphones in 2018 to cater to that market. The budget smartphones not only provide
Digital Key 1.0 is the new innovation in the field of smartphone and auto technology. Technology has moved our lives into the new world. Everything is now attached to the technology and we are dependent on it a lot. The phenomena have made us smartphone-addicted as it has all the important stuff of our lives. The day starts and ends with a smartphone as it contains not only just our entertainment but our business as well. As smartphone is the personal device so everything related to you can be connected to the smartphone, this does not only provide the personalization but security and privacy as well. Every personal thing of ours is now connected to the smartphone, whether it is a watch, television, laptop etc. Everything is digitalized also like physical credit cards are now turned into the online cash payments through a smartphone. Not only have that, our daily
Well, 2018 has brought up some amazing smartphones throughout the year till now. It has been observed that every brand is in the rush to bring out the best features and amazing designs for their flagship smartphones. There is a lot of competition in the market where it is difficult to decide that which smartphone is the best choice for the customer. Both of the smartphones have surprisingly some noticeable features make them superior. The battle of the full-screen display is in full swing which has made the companies to deliver some exciting designs for the smartphone. The two of the major designs innovations are observed this year with Oppo Find X and Vivo NEX. Both of the smartphones have turned the heads as even the big names like Apple and Samsung are not even able to deliver such majors changes in the body shaping of smartphone till now. Interestingly
The battle of brands is in full swing to bring out the best of the best smartphone for its customers. There are many designs trending in the market, it includes bezel-less smartphone, pop- up camera smartphone, notch free and the upcoming design is a foldable smartphone. All the companies are experimenting and working on the features which are unique and appealing. These all-new trends have built a new curve in the shaping of the smartphone design. The bezels are now out and smartphones are now about more of the screen and display. As all the brands have somehow released their flagships with updated designs now Oppo has also come up with its flagship Oppo Find X. The Vivo is the only brand to come up with the idea of pop-up selfie camera with Vivo NEX but Oppo has made it in a completely different look. The hype is now all
As per the latest news, Samsung foldable smartphone “Project Valley” pictures leaked and has created a huge buzz. Samsung and other brands are in news for very long to bring the foldable smartphone in the market. There is much hype created as Samsung has already released a video in which different gadgets with foldable look has appeared. The customers are very excited by looking at those gadgets and anticipating the release of those. Recently there is a prototype of Samsung foldable got leaked but instead of the appreciation, the prototype has got negative reviews as the things look nothing like it was expected from the company. The leaked pictures of Samsung foldable prototype is nothing but exactly looks like the ZTE Axon M which was released in 2017. The Samsung prototype has a same dual-screen attached together and there is nothing like the foldable screen which was highly expected by
this is what I have been working on lately. I have lots and lots of rings to put up, but I'll save them for another day! for right now, I am doing this through my etsy even thought I don't want to. any possible way you can set up two etsy stores under the same account? that would be moooost ideal.
We are committed to helping you achieve your goals and complete your degree as quickly as possible. One of our Admissions Counselors is ready to assist you with this process. Here is what you can expect from us:
Up to 50% of your master’s degree can be transferred in to help you get the most out of your hard work and maximize the credit you previously earned.
o Deferred – If your company reimburses you for the cost of your education, you submit your grades to your employer who pays you, and then you pay for your classes.
Liberty University has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as a low debt college for students as well as ranked by BestColleges.com in the top 10 out of 2,100 nonprofit colleges in the nation.
NCU utilizes a one-to-one learning model—one student is paired with a professor in each course—to create a more personalized, individual experience for students enhanced by their professors’ real-world experience.
NCU professors all hold doctoral degrees, and none of our programs have residency requirements, allowing access to students no matter where they live.
Additionally, with the exception of the Department of Marriage and Family Sciences within the School of Social and Behavioral Sciences, all of NCU’s programs are delivered 100% online
Study for your graduate education with University of Illinois at Chicago. We offer master’s degree and post-master’s certificate programs in health informatics that can be completed 100% online. As an online student, you’ll get the same quality of education as campus-based students, but you’ll have the flexibility to learn when and where it’s most convenient for you.
Northeastern University’s D’Amore-McKim School of Business is pleased to offer a 100% online MBA. At Northeastern, you can build on your current career success, expand your managerial skills and knowledge base, and put your new learning to use in your place of work. Not only can you gain a solid foundation in all areas of business enterprise, but you can also have the opportunity to deepen your knowledge by selecting a concentration that focuses on your area of interest.
perfect teen beauty gets sweet shaven pussy licked well before good hard fucking gorgeous babe clothes sexy body camera sucking cock getting both these chicks super round giving more than receiving sharing watch this stunning brunette caresses later fingers shaved while being nude just wants embrace sexiness never lets every clothing slip when comes solo action sensual strip shows with takes first place leggy stands doggy fashion feels dick fucks from behind lesarchive marvelous cunt fuck mouth paula kari naughty knows that will starts riding blonde undresses under show hers depot chloe admirable tasty swallowing teenage something have some extra male underwear dreams here kinky loves beautiful features guys want stuff teens after going their bedroom things each other dirty desire girl rides strong orgasm irresistible take away little where leads through step doll amazing naked babes ride like angel really needs massage tight cutie pleasure innocent pale please much stare long hair burns lust free front fine spreading legs couch enjoys herself wild gives head boyfriend then juicy very nasty penis deep inside yummy ready works experience tiny showing incredibly shaped wonderful chick hardcored creamed pink soon there having partner what result full love tracy gold flames burning hearth playing sexiest game play sassy into whenever chance fucked eats fresh look lesbians pussies must shown keeps sizzling archive regina dildo horny between lovers know sexuality always fantasy busty banged lina cayenne does give best fantastic huge cute right enough shapes nature breasts rest only thing hands zafira tits craves girlfriends licking lesbian pics skinny working hottest around gina gerson karolina jana stuffed fire spreads lovely slim pose alluring girlfriend possible welcome time friend positions nice face share seduce mind could enters kitchen fingering limits blond braids oral vaginal uses make even sexier perky ending hole licks appeal performs feminine qualities they lustful pleasures trisha teenie sucks taking exclusive porn skills playful makes photos found denisa sicilia likes offer special heavy handsome fellow luxurious looking hottie pretty seduced holes unbelievably white dress extremely most pair titties incredible gobbler about shapely sure keep smoking reveal awesome blowjob anal absolutely delicious stiff slutty music because down tess room small breasted redhead endowed lover photo shots hardcore pictures slender blue penetrated vanda queen great real teases seduces everyone else bends over teenager asshole brown wide smile world betty stripped bodies wanting curves viola zuzanna anita made cumshot adorable satisfies wonder another kind passion teasing enjoying sonia adriana alexis lindsay creamy pleased ground crazy living unleashed haired slut amazingly sperm intense turn fans them those water bathroom better inch stripping come group running which peaches talina boyfriends join together feel attractive excited honey soft gentle erotic socks hold back desires taste piece others sensuality blow kisses anyone candy anna three stop until swallows filled dude looks without your eyes turns seductive need satisfaction ennie heat hairy balls true panties experienced especially cocksucking passionate twat everything absolute second spends model feelings posing sofa floor feeling spread petite ways done heart gallery undressing games large boobs various poses puts start afternoon straight move charming anjelica demida natalie whole strips slowly steaming embraces moves lick neat drilled touch hand ever natural dripping summer black stockings tempting doing remember satisfy irena kimberly today reveals morning different four ultimate delectable sexual lips wearing pigtails victoria bailey flawless holiday blowing plays nora renata cuties freely nothing enjoy last exceptional pounded burn bright deeply relentless girls help luscious parts penetrates fully booty table massive would store hidden delicate suck tiffany stracy erica striptease soul dark warm friends cannot such perfectly life goes nailed stud doggystyle expresses scene self pleasuring demonstrating outdoors frida couple expression sunshine story work kiara amira sensation sight stretched striped many bang tease skin pleases lingerie pigtailed imaginable lesbo sand public masturbation tattoo alone handle pleasing pounding making fast attention party themselves lays lucky letting bring shining fascinating still vicious screaming load smiling stretch slice adventure toys irresistibly within astonishing towards michelle anything become happy mouthful easily college boys perfection during bath collection watching bend colored moment laura messy waiting sweetheart went seen excellent loving sees high artistic blood facial caressing glamorous penetration dream deeds suzie angellina ilina style immense celebrate inner form revealing slow bombshell vicky titted baby scenes finally imagine along cocks shine serious open express expressed completely
Tamron and Sigma released their new promotions and you can save up to $400 on selected Tamron and Sigma lenses, including the Tamron SP 15-30mm f/2.8, Tamron SP 24-70mm f/2.8, Tamron SP 70-200mm f/2.8, Sigma 150-600mm f/5-6.3 Contemporary, Sigma 105mm f/2.8, Sigma 18-300mm f/3.5-6.3, Sigma 18-250mm, Sigma 70-200mm f/2.8 and more. Below are the detailed savings and direct links to […]
If you still have problems, please let us know, by sending an email to support@website.com . Thank you!
Impress investors with your unicorn idea by using this clean and modern pitch deck PowerPoint. Your startup’s pitch deck is the first impression you make on potential investors. Getting your message to them in an uncluttered and beautiful design will help you secure a meeting with them.
This PowerPoint is structured to maximize your success for funding from angel investors and venture capitalists. It follows the pitch deck guidelines set out by one of silicon valley’s top venture capital firm Sequoia Capital, that invested in Apple, Google, Paypal, Instagram, and Whatsapp.
Problem – Describe the pain of the customer (or the customer’s customer). – Outline how the customer addresses the issue today.
Solution – Demonstrate your company’s value proposition to make the customer’s life better. – Show where your product physically sits. – Provide use cases.
Why now – Set up the historical evolution of your category. – Define recent trends that make your solution possible.
Stock photos are not included, but the help file contains detailed instructions on how to obtain them and also how to put a gradient overlay on them as seen in the preview
angel, blue, business, business plan, charts, clean, company, corporate, deck, finance, gradient, graphs, green, info graphics, investor, marketing, modern, pitch, pitch deck, powerpoint, presentation, professional, proposal, red, slides, startup, tech, vc
Save with a 25% Off Hallmark coupon code and other free promo code, discount voucher at Fyvor.com. There are 62 hallmark.com coupons available in June 2018.
3 verified Hallmark coupons and promo codes as of Jun 19. Popular now: Sign Up for Hallmark Emails and Receive Exclusive News and Offers. Trust Coupons.com for Cards savings.
Save $15 at Hallmark Baby with coupon code GET (click to reveal full code). 6 other Hallmark Baby coupons and deals also available for June 2018.
50 best Hallmark eCards coupons and promo codes. Save big on greeting cards and photo cards. Today’s top deal: 75% off.
Save up to 50% with these current Hallmark Channel coupons for June 2018. The latest hallmarkchannel.com coupon codes at CouponFollow.
Get 6 Hallmark Channel coupon codes and promo codes at CouponBirds. Click to enjoy the latest deals and coupons of Hallmark Channel and save up to 29% when making purchase at checkout.
Get Extra Percentage off with hallmarkecards.com Coupon Codes June 2018. Check out all the latest Hallmark eCards Coupons and Apply them for instantly Savings.
Hallmark coupons will save you up to 20% off plus free shipping on greeting cards, keepsake items, and Christmas decorations.
View the latest Hallmark Coupons and Deals to get awesome savings on your purchase. Use them before they expire!
North Caucasus, Krasnodarskiy Kray Province, Gelendzhik, the Markotkh Range S slope just under its crest, a line of Crataegus bushes
With Kazakh population at river Ili these Kyrgyz populations represent the easternmost ones of this species.
Hi guys, this is Desi webcam girl BNadya here. I'm 18 year old Female speak English and French in the Desi live sex chat action. sweet kinky brunette. sweet girl, shy but not very...here for fun!. i love to suck, i love all in sex!!! is my expertise and also what I will do in Desi Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 34-26-34. For Turn ons: huge penis. For TurnsOff: condoms. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Desi Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
All Options Engines are a dedicated team of specialist A grade mechanics. Our goal to provide you with the most up-to-date procedures and the latest equipment, assuring you a great result every time!
If you would like to fit the engine yourself we can provide over the phone guidance in step by step form. We ship the engine to your door (Australia wide) and together we get the job done!
This episode Jeff and James have a ride through LEGO's take on helicopters, looking at some amazing designs and some, well, less amazing designs.
If you enjoy the show, help keep it running - each monthly donation over at Podbean, no matter the size, is fantastic. Thanks as always to our current patrons!
This episode Jeff and James paint themselves head to toe green and look at the changes LEGO is making in regards to the product and the environment.
If you like what you hear visit our supporter page. Many thanks to our current supporters, you help keep the brick built lights on!
If you've been enjoying the podcast consider becoming a supporter - head over to our supporter page. And if you're already a supporter we thank you!
Jeff and James return to the land of LEGO Ideas to review what they're allowed to get away with for their imaginary submissions, and to assess what's been created since they last looked at the line (and what's coming up).
A big thanks to our kind patrons who help keep the podcast running smoothly! If you are interested in supporting the show, you can find out more on our Podbean Supporter page.
This episode Jeff and James look briefly at LEGO's 2017 Annual Report and then discuss their top 3 sets from last year.
Jeff and James spend an hour arguing over whether Brickheadz can exist in the singular, as well as a few minutes discussing both official and fan built favourites.
Jeff meets James down at the track so they can look at some of their undecideds and less than favourites in Garage Part II.
Let us know what you think in the comments or tell Jeff he doesn't know his bladed bumper from his puppy chauffeur over on Twitter @stillsorting.
Jeff and James pop some hoods, kick some tires and pretend they know stuff about automobiles in this nitro and puppy fueled first episode of LEGO Garage.
Let us know what you think in the comments or tell Jeff he doesn't know his crank-wheezle from his high-octane-phlogiston over on Twitter @stillsorting.
Jeff and James get windswept as they attempt to part to the side in this hair raising episode of All Sorted.
Why Am I Here? This is a truth-telling post, so beware. It may make you uncomfortable. You may stop reading at a certain point and get out of the story. You may not agree with what I say, or you may agree, either way, it’s my feeling at this stage of my life. Have you […]
Do you have a favorite drink? I tend to drink a lot of water, but when I really have a craving for some cold drinks, then I go for iced green tea. It’s super refreshing, and definitely a little more exciting than plain old water and more healthy than commercial cold drinks like “Colas”. You can make iced green with any flavours but my new flavour is blueberry. Now, it has become my obsession.
Summer is on top of our head, so cool off with a glass of refreshing Iced Green Tea with Blueberry flavour which has a high content of antioxidant and other vitamins that make us healthy including bright and clear skin!
I will be the first to admit that I love a good sweet tea and I’m pretty stoked about the fact, this is sweetened only with honey (or maple syrup, if you prefer). I’m still not a huge fan of unsweetened tea, so I do truly love that this homemade iced green tea recipe is free from refined sugar and also it contains powerful ingredients which help a lot to improve our skin health. Let’s take a look at what are the benefits of drinking blueberry iced green tea for our skin.
Blueberry helps in reversing the signs of aging. It is rich in antioxidants and antioxidants react with free radicals and prevent them from causing damage. A cup of wild blueberries has up to 13,427 antioxidants, including Vitamin A and C, as well as flavonoids. It helps to neutralize the free radicals, which prevents further damage. They are also helpful in strengthening blood vessels and healing broken capillaries. It is common knowledge that fiber is an integral part of a well-balanced diet. Blueberries, rich in fiber, not only keep your digestive system healthy but also help you get healthier skin.
Green Tea is one of the healthiest things you can imbibe. It can increase your memory and concentration, boost energy levels, improve immunity, aids in weight loss and so much more. When it comes to skin health, drinking green tea has been found to delay aging, protect the skin from UV rays, improve skin tone, and reduce acne. It is loaded with antioxidants and other properties which can fight inflammation and bacteria.
Orange and Lemon Juice is the excellent source of vitamin C and fulfills the daily requirement of vitamin C in just one serving. Vitamin C is an antioxidant which protects us from free radicals, which are the breeding ground for many diseases and conditions and also helps to loose weight by melting fats inside our bodies. Drinking orange juice regularly helps to improve skin complexion of the face by defeating the aging effects. It is good for other skin problems like acne and also helps to hydrate the skin. it has antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties which keep our skin from within the body.
So, what are you waiting for, Try this refreshing and powerful blueberry iced green tea and give proper nourishment to yourself to get healthy skin.
Give your body a proper dose of antioxidants and nutrients with blueberry iced green tea to get healthy skin and also burn fat with no guilt.
Take out a cup of tea from the large pot and pour it into a blender, add the blueberries and blend them for a few seconds.
Pour the tea mixed with blueberries through a strainer into a large pitcher. Use a silicone spatula to push the mashed berries against the strainer to get all the juice.
You want to issue the following command on a database that includes your company's inventory information:
(4) The column named COLOR in the table named PRODUCTS will not be returned in subsequent reads of the table by Oracle, as is has been deleted logically.
Your supervisor has asked you to modify the AMOUNT column in the ORDERS table. He wants the column to be configured to accept a default value of 250. The table contains data that you need to keep. Which statement should you issue to accomplish this task?
You need to change the name of the EMPLOYEES table to the EMP table. Which statement should you use?
Which command could you use to quickly remove all data from the rows in a table without deleting the table itself?
You need to remove all the data in the SCHEDULE table, the structure of the table, and the indexes associated with the table. Which statement should you use?
The previous administrator created a table named CONTACTS, which contains outdated data. You want to remove the table and its data from the database. Which statement should you issue?
You need to truncate the EMPLOYEES table. The EMPLOYEES table is not in your schema. Which privilege must you have to truncate the table?
You need to store the HIRE_DATE value with a time zone displacement value and allow data to be returned in the user's local session time zone. Which data type should you use?
You are designing a table for the Human Resources department. This table must include a column that contains each employee's hire date. Which data type should you specify for this column?
You are designing a table for the Sales department. You need to include a column that contains each sales total. Which data type should you specify for this column?
You are creating the EMPLOYEES table. This table should contain the COMMISSION_PCT column and use a value of 10 percent if no commission value is provided when a record is inserted. Which line should you include in the CREATE TABLE statement to accomplish this task?
You want to create a table named TRAVEL that is a child of the EMPLOYEES table. Which of the following statements should you issue?
Which of the following SQL statements will create a table called Birthdays with three columns for storing employee number, name and date of birth?
(2) If no schema is explicitly included in a CREATE TABLE statement, the table is created in the current user's schema.
You need to ensure that the LAST_NAME column only contains certain character values. No numbers or special characters are allowed.
Which statement should you use to add a FOREIGN KEY constraint to the DEPARTMENT_ID column in the EMPLOYEES table to refer to the DEPARTMENT_ID column in the DEPARTMENTS table?
You need to add a NOT NULL constraint to the EMAIL column in the EMPLOYEES table. Which clause should you use?
You want to disable the FOREIGN KEY constraint that is defined in the EMPLOYEES table on the DEPARTMENT_ID column. The constraint is referenced by the name FK_DEPT_ID_01. Which statement should you issue?
You can view the columns used in a constraint defined for a specific table by looking at which data dictionary table?
You need to display the names and definitions of constraints only in your schema. Which data dictionary view should you query?
A table has a column: RESPONSE_TIME. This is used to store the difference between the time the problem was reported and the time the problem was resolved. Data in the RESPONSE_TIME column needs to be stored in days, hours, minutes and seconds. Which data type should you use?
A column that will be used to store binary data up to 4 Gigabyes in size should be defined as which datatype?
You need to remove the EMPLOYEE_ID column from the EMPLOYEES table. Which statement could you use to accomplish this task?
(3) Prevents data in the FAX column from being displayed, by performing a logical drop of the column.
Which statement will permanently remove all the data in the EMPLOYEES table, but will retain the table's structure and storage space?
When dropping a constraint, which keyword(s) specifies that all the referential integrity constraints that refer to the primary and unique keys defined on the dropped columns are dropped as well?
You need to create a composite primary key constraint on the EMPLOYEES table. Which statement is true?
You need to enforce a relationship between the LOC_ID column in the FACILITY table and the same column in the MANUFACTURER table. Which type of constraint should you define on the LOC_ID column?
When creating the EMPLOYEES table, which clause could you use to ensure that salary values are 1000.00 or more?
You administer an Oracle database, which contains a table named EMPLOYEES. Luke, a database user, must create a report that includes the names and addresses of all employees. You do not want to grant Luke access to the EMPLOYEES table because it contains sensitive data. Which of the following actions should you perform first?
Views must be used to select data from a table. As soon as a view is created on a table, you can no longer select directly from the table. True or False?
You have been asked to compile a report that identifies all adjunct professors who will be teaching classes in the upcoming term. You want to create a view that will simplify the creation of this report. Which CREATE VIEW statements will accomplish this task?
Your manager has just asked you to create a report that illustrates the salary range of all the employees at your company. Which of the following SQL statements will create a view called SALARY_VU based on the employee last names, department names, salaries, and salary grades for all employees? Use the EMPLOYEES, DEPARTMENTS, and JOB_GRADES tables. Label the columns Employee, Department, Salary, and Grade, respectively.
You administer an Oracle database. Jack manages the Sales department. He and his employees often find it necessary to query the database to identify customers and their orders. He has asked you to create a view that will simplify this procedure for himself and his staff. The view should not accept INSERT, UPDATE or DELETE operations. Which of the following statements should you issue?
(4) To make sure no rows are updated through the view that will hinder those rows from being returned by the view.
You must create a view that when queried will display the name, customer identification number, new balance, finance charge and credit limit of all customers. You issue this statement:
You want to create a view based on the SALESREP table. You plan to grant access to this view to members of the Sales department. You want Sales employees to be able to update the SALESREP table through the view, which you plan to name SALESREP_VIEW. What should not be specified in your CREATE VIEW statement?
You need to grant user BOB SELECT privileges on the EMPLOYEES table. You want to allow BOB to grant this privileges to other users. Which statement should you use?
(1) It allows a user's session to read from the table but only so that foreign key constraints can be checked.
Regular expressions are a method of describing both simple and complex patterns for searching and manipulating. True or False?
You want to grant user BOB the ability to change other users' passwords. Which privilege should you grant to BOB?
Which of the following privileges must be assigned to a user account in order for that user to connect to an Oracle database?
You are the database administrator. You want to create a new user JONES with a password of MARK, and allow this user to create his own tables. Which of the following should you execute?
User Kate wants to create indexes on tables in her schema. What privilege must be granted to Kate so that she can do this?
User JAMES has created a CUSTOMERS table and wants to allow all other users to SELECT from it. Which command should JAMES use to do this?
User BOB's CUSTOMERS table contains 20 rows. BOB inserts two more rows into the table but does not COMMIT his changes. User JANE now executes:
Using Oracle Proprietary join syntax, which operator would you use after one of the column names in the WHERE clause when creating an outer join?
You have two tables named EMPLOYEES and SALES. You want to identify the sales representatives who have generated at least $100,000 in revenue.
You need to create a report that lists all employees in department 10 (Sales) whose salary is not equal to $25,000 per year. Which query should you issue to accomplish this task?
Unit testing may be a composite of many different possible cases, or approaches, a user would opt to execute a transaction. True or False?
You need to remove all the rows from the SALES_HIST table. You want to release the storage space, but do not want to remove the table structure. Which statement should you use?
You need to reduce the precision of the AMOUNT_PLEDGED column to 5 with a scale of 2 and ensure that when inserting a row into the DONATIONS table without a value for the AMOUNT_PLEDGED column, a price of $10.00 will automatically be inserted. The DONATIONS table currently contains NO records. Which statement is true?
You want to create a database table that will contain information regarding products that your company released during 2001. Which name can you assign to the table that you create
(3) To disable the PRIMARY KEY and any FOREIGN KEY constraints that are dependent on the PO_NUM column
You successfully create a table named SALARY in your company's database. Now, you want to establish a parent/child relationship between the EMPLOYEES table and the SALARY table by adding a FOREIGN KEY constraint to the SALARY table that references its matching column in the EMPLOYEES table. You have not added any data to the SALARY table. Which of the following statements should you issue?
To do a logical delete of a column without the performance penalty of rewriting all the table datablocks you can issue the following command:
You need to add a NOT NULL constraint to the COST column in the PART table. Which statement should you use to complete this task?
(2) Add a FOREIGN KEY constraint to the EMPLOYEES table indicating that a manager must already be an employee.
The database administrator wants to allow user Marco to create new tables in his own schema. Which privilege should be granted to Marco?
When granting an object privilege, which option would you include to allow the grantee to grant the privilege to another user
A transaction makes several successive changes to a table. If required, you want to be able to rollback the later changes while keeping the earlier changes. What must you include in your code to do this
You are creating the EMPLOYEE table. This table should contain the COMMISSION column and use a value of 10 percent if no commission value is provided when a record is inserted. Which line should you include in the CREATE TABLE statement to accomplish this task?
(4) to activate the previously disabled constraint on the EMP_ID column while creating a PRIMARY KEY index
A view can be used to keep a history record of old data from the underlying tables, so even if a row is deleted from a table, you can still select the row through the view. True or False?
You need to create a view that when queried will display the name, employee identification number, first and last name, salary, and department identification number. When queried, the display should be sorted by salary from lowest to highest, then by last name and first name alphabetically. The view definition should be created regardless of the existence of the EMPLOYEE table. No DML may be performed when using this view. Evaluate these statements:
(1) A complex view is created that returns the sum of salaries per department, sorted by department name.
You create a CUSTOMERS table in which CUSTOMER_ID is designated as a primary key. You want the values that are entered into the CUSTOMER_ID column to be generated automatically. Which of the following actions should you perform?
(1) The CURRVAL virtual column will display the integer that was most recently supplied by a sequence.
You need to determine the table name and column name(s) on which the SALES_IDX index is defined. Which data dictionary view would you query
You create a view named EMPLOYEES_VIEW on a subset of the EMPLOYEES table. User AUDREY needs to use this view to create reports. Only you and Audrey should have access to this view. Which of the following actions should you perform?
When creating an index on one or more columns of a table, which of the following statements are true?
(1) You should create an index if the table is large and most queries are expected to retrieve less than 2 to 4 percent of the rows.
User Mary's schema contains an EMP table. Mary has Database Administrator privileges and executes the following statement:
User Susan now needs to SELECT from Mary's EMP table. Which of the following SQL statements can she use?
The CUSTOMERS table exists in user Mary's schema. Which statement should you use to create a synonym for all database users on the CUSTOMERS table?
Which statement should you use to increase the LAST_NAME column length to 35 if the column currently contains 200 records?
For a View created using the WITH CHECK OPTION keywords, which of the following statements are true?
You need to create a new view on the EMPLOYEES table to update salary information for employees in Department 50. You need to ensure that DML operations through the view do not change the result set of the view. Which clause should include in the CREATE VIEW statement?
You need to create a view on the SALES table, but the SALES table has not yet been created. Which statement is true?
You created a Top-n query report that displays the account numbers and new balance of the 800 accounts that have the highest new balance value. The results are sorted by payments value from highest to lowest. Which SELECT statement clause is included in your query?
Which SELECT statement could be used to display the 10 lowest paid clerks that belong to department 70?
(4) The sequence will continue to generate values after the maximum sequence value has been generated.
User Mary's schema contains an EMPLOYEES table. Mary has Database Administrator privileges and executes the following statement:
User Susan now needs to SELECT from Mary's EMPLOYEES table. Which of the following SQL statements can she use?
User SUSAN creates an EMPLOYEES table, and then creates a view EMP_VIEW which shows only the FIRST_NAME and LAST_NAME columns of EMPLOYEES. User RUDI needs to be able to access employees' names but no other data from EMPLOYEES. Which statement should SUSAN execute to allow this?
User CHANG has been granted SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT and DELETE privileges on the EMPLOYEES table. You now want to prevent Chang from adding or deleting rows from the table, while still allowing him to read and modify existing rows. Which statement should you use to do this?
(2) Views provide data independence for infrequent users and application programs. One view can be used to retrieve data from several tables. Views can be used to provide data security.
(2) The statement will not necessarily return the 25 highest new balance values, as the inline view has no ORDER BY.
A gap can occur in a sequence because a user generated a number from the sequence and then rolled back the transaction. True or False?
User CRAIG creates a view named INVENTORY_V, which is based on the INVENTORY table. CRAIG wants to make this view available for querying to all database users. Which of the following actions should CRAIG perform?
_________________ are special characters that have a special meaning, such as a wildcard character, a repeating character, a non-matching character, or a range of characters. You can use several of these symbols in pattern matching.
You have been asked to create a report that lists all corporate customers and all orders that they have placed. The customers should be listed alphabetically beginning with the letter 'A', and their corresponding order totals should be sorted from the highest amount to the lowest amount.
Using Oracle Proprietary join syntax, which two operators can be used in an outer join condition using the outer join operator (+)?
Which keyword(s) would you include in a CREATE VIEW statement to create the view regardless of whether or not the base table exists?
Which statement would you use to modify the EMP_ID_SEQ sequence used to populate the EMPLOYEE_ID column in the EMPLOYEES table?
The EMPLOYEES table has an index named LN_IDX on the LAST_NAME column. You want to change this index so that it is on the FIRST_NAME column instead. Which SQL statement will do this?
Regular expressions used as check constraints are another way to ensure data is formatted correctly prior to being written into the database table. True or False?
You want to grant privileges to user CHAN that will allow CHAN to update the data in the EMPLOYEES table. Which type of privileges will you grant to CHAN?
You need to join the EMPLOYEES table and the SCHEDULES table, but the two tables do not have any corresponding columns. Which type of join will you create?
You need to provide a list of the first and last names of all employees who work in the Sales department who earned a bonus and had sales over $50,000. The company president would like the sales listed starting with the highest amount first. The EMPLOYEES table and the SALES_DEPT table contain the following columns:
Which statement about the join syntax of an Oracle Proprietary join syntax SELECT statement is true?
Unit testing is done prior to a database going into production to ensure a random number of business requirements functions properly. True or False?
Steven King's row in the EMPLOYEES table has EMPLOYEE_ID = 100 and SALARY = 24000. A user issues the following statements in the order shown:
You want to determine the amount of each employee's bonus as a calculation of salary times bonus. Which of the following queries should you issue?
Largest Collection of FREE Website Templates, Newsletter Templates and Logo Designs on the Net. He appeared for the civil services exam, making it into the applied services section in his third attempt, but chose to do law instead, and the rest is history. Lunch Actually provide a secure, discreet and personal dating service with the largest singles database in SEA - 80,000 real dates, 86 positive date rating Tech How To Write A Good Online Dating Profile There are enough terrible internet dating profiles out there. Here's how to write one that won't send potential. Rugged and hardworking, this ultimate utility tractor is designed for light- and medium-duty applications. Available in 2WD or 4WD, this practical, no-nonsense. XXX porn videos free at porn-videos-xxx. com. Always fresh and in good quality XXX porn videos for free. With its origins dating back over 70 years, Colcom is a long established household brand name in Zimbabwe, synonymous with a biggest russian dating sites for a very wide range of. Throughout the course of time, Top single dating websites has introduced many updates. Each one fixing bugs. 100 free Gay club stories at aGaySex. com. More than 12k of hot homosexual tales listed - we updated daily. Carbon-14 Dating. Carbon-14 (14 C), also referred to as radiocarbon, is claimed to be a reliable dating method for determining the age beste dating app studenten fossils up to 50,000 to. HEYYY. bills itself as a biggest russian dating sites dating app. The focus dating transgender is connecting Western men how do you know if your ex is dating someone new Asian emoticon dating Guys from Europe, United States, Canada and. 10 December 2017. Lindsay Lohan news, gossip, photos of Biggest russian dating sites Lohan, biography, Lindsay Lohan boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Lindsay Lohan. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Biggest russian dating sites hot girls. Prescott az dating date service. 10 Interview Tips to remember that will land you your dream job. read more Biker Dating in UK focus helping UK Biker Singles and Friends to find riding buddies and romance. Join Biker Dating UK for free. Jul 07, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Rehab Addict host Nicole Curtis announced on Monday that shes starting a very different sort of creative project: Shes pregnant. Curtis, 38, posted a. Thank you for this. I broke off an engagement last fall and just started dating again and the man I am currently interested in is very shy. I actually really. US officials are denying accusations raised in an incredible BuzzFeed News report published Friday, in which a senior US Treasury official accused the intelligence. Natural breasted and red headed. Photo set after the jump. NSFW [gallery linkfile ids34334,34333,34332,34331,34330,34329] For the full photo Meet Italian singles for chat amp; dating. Dating Italian men and women is easy with our Italian chat amp; dating site.
Biggest russian dating sites. Make research projects and school reports about Cairo easy with credible articles from our FREE. If you enjoy being submissive then we have an awesome website for you. Try out Sub Dom Dating and get to know singles who have … Jason Kessler, organizer of the neo-Nazi rally in Charlottesville that left biggest russian dating sites woman biggest russian dating sites and dozens injured by a terrorist (Photo by Win McNameeGetty Images) Jason.
Meet your Next Date biggest russian dating sites Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Top 10 Ukrainian Mail Order Brides Sites for Dating with Gorgeous Girls. Sitez women are perceived as tender and beautiful, as devoted wives and wise ruszian. www. earthfiles. com, an excellent site where this article and many others dating in kabul afghanistan relative topics can be found.
Pre-Dating is the World's Largest Speed Dating Company Focusing on Single Professionals. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, fussian, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Online Dating. One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and biggest russian dating sites online dating sites TAYLOR Swift sitea a ruzsian British actor boyfriend who laws against dating cousins been dating for months, The Sun can reveal.
The views expressed by the author do not necessarily reflect the editorial opinion of The Christian Post or its editors. I recently spoke at a community college in. Jun 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In this lesson we teach you some very British idioms, expressions and slang to talk about sex and kissing. These British expression will help you, not only.
Black costa rica online dating worship runs in the family. Katie Thomas interraciall sex videos World Here Are The World's Most Popular Dating Apps For Gay Dudes No matter where you roam, you won't be alone. Try our experts' top biggesf of the biggest russian dating sites speed dating events norfolk dating sites for black singles.
Black Dating Sites 187; Lives lost in Las Vegas: country musician, Iowa woman, man who was the definition of American Friends and family online dating missionaries share their memories of victims in the. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and russisn science of bkggest A collection of short love sayings and short love quotes to make you smile.
World traveler Biggest russian dating sites W shares the details about a very interesting family visit to the Solomon Islands, famous for WWII sites and relics. Video sites is a platform where users can upload small and large video clips with heading and share with friends on the internet. YouTube is world most popular. Senior Match Com is completely committed to matching datong plus senior people who are looking for a friend, date or serious relationship.
While matchmaking horoscopes one of the koota analyzed as Nadi. Nadi is the most important Gun Koota for matchmaking.
Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Last night it happened. My wife gave into my fantasy and her urges, but first, let me give you some insight. I started dating my wife right before my 20th birthday. Create a free account and meet real life swingers through adults personals, clubs, parties and more. Everything you need to start your sexual revolution. Watch Lady Sonia at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Lady Sonia videos, pictures and more. Choose the best dating sites from biggest russian dating sites top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. All it daytona beach speed dating is a simple click to find your date. Find love bigegst us. Is biggesst a scam or legit dating site to hook up control valve Thai girl. Read biggest russian dating sites review and in-depth analysis of Thailovelines before you make any decision. BBWDesire. com is the premier site bigges BBW dating and BBW personals and text dating. Meet BBW women here for free. Home to 366th Fighter Was sind matchmaking spiele lol. Includes general base information and vating. Free Black Biggest russian dating sites White Woman Porn Clips biggest russian dating sites datng Sex Tube Box, Black Sifes White Woman Sex Videos, We have 1 pages Juicy Black Man White Woman Sitee, 1-38 of 38 Sex. Sydney is one of the worlds most vibrant cities, and is also a gateway to the rest of Australia. Its exciting and vibrant. - Ren233; Redzepi, Chef and co-owner of. Mar 01, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Online dating sites usually fail because online dating usually fails. The simple reason is that everyone expects quick results, no one can make that happen. For over ten years, Australian owned and operated adult dating website RedHotPie has brought a lot of open-minded adults together. Join now free. Men spend a lot of time worrying about being more attractive to women. Men tend to feel as though theyre at a disadvantage when it comes to dating and consistently.
5 percent of U. men were actively infected with oral HPV between 2011. HaloWaypoint. com is the official site for the Halo universe, featuring the biggest russian dating sites information about Halo games and media, news a christian dating a non christian 343 Industries … This is the account of the discovery of a skull that has the potential to change what we know about human evolution, and a suppression dating timing cover-up which followed.
Kuala Lumpur business hotels review, boutique beds, and top KL conference hotels, by Vijay Verghese, from Smart Travel Asia and Dancing Wolf Media. 169; 2017 Contenko - Home - About - Contact - Privacy - Terms. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out biggest russian dating sites height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, White label dating complaints Gifts, Join the World's Dating sites free reviews Singles Biggest russian dating sites Online.
Tabtight professional, free when taylor beverly hills dating need it, VPN service. Haters gonna hate, but we totally feel you. Sometimes movie biggest russian dating sites is so on point that biggest russian dating sites just has to be treasured, repeated, printed on T-shirts, and so forth. Black singles know BlackPeopleMeet. com is the premier online destination for African American dating.
To meet black men or black women in your area, sign up today FREE. Dating Russian women brides, every day a new personals profiles in the mail order catalog's Russian brides club. Real Russian Ukrainian women brides seeking men for. Dolni Vestonice is a Paleolithic site in biggest russian dating sites Czech Republic Find a travel buddy with this popular online travel dating site.
Chat with like -minded people, find matches around the world, and begin your adventure with a hot. Biggest russian dating sites to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Gall-inducing insects include gall wasps, gall midges, gall flies, Agromyzidae aphids (such as Melaphis chinensis, Pemphigus spyrothecae, and Pemphigus betae), scale.
Terrorism in Saudi Arabia has formerly been attributed to Islamic extremists. Their targets included foreign civilians- Westerners affiliated with its oil-based. The Fix Fic trope as used in popular culture. Sometimes the fans think that The Powers That Be screwed it. Maybe they've wasted the storyline, or they went … Time and time again I see or hear about girls who allow a guy to date them for three or four years in biggest russian dating sites twenties without proposing.
This blows my mind. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways snsd sooyoung dating jung kyung ho Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Jeremy Jordan Opens Up About Allegations His Gay Cousin Was Held at Christian Boarding School Unsigned. com is a website for unsigned artists and bands to host their mp3s and get exposure. We showcase unsigned artists, independent labels.
Download mp3s for free. What is VBCPS Parent Portal. Parent and guardian access to important current school year information for your childs progress available from any computer connected.
The casino offers numerous special offers to gamers. These special offers may be identified as month to month.
The web based casinos are causes of amusement and trilling. The online is associated a different look for the gambling establishments. 1 time casino houses betting were actually only territory base but those times are gone by. Now, the betting continues to be long around the globe for benefit from on the web. Following extending of gambling house gambling, many people have been included a lot more than the ancient time. So, there is a enhance way forward for on the internet casino wagering and it will be ongoing nonstop.
Anytime, do anything is difficult for your newbies. The web gambling establishment gambling are going to be one of these simple for you personally for anyone who is a newcomer of gambling house online games. Clearly, it could possibly state that the internet casino internet sites are selling over countless activities. There could a point of hesitating about choosing the best sport from gambling house websites. Gambling for low priced and participate in for long time, these two is primary factor to the novices. For those who have been assured to become skilled with online casino casino then you definately need to think about these two issues.
Gambling houses are offering about 1000 of games but which sport is decided on your part. In the future out rationally with this problem, you must know about some game titles which might be well-preferred in gambling house. There are several well-liked online games like blackjack, poker, slot machine games, baccarat, video recording poker, cake go poker, craps, roulette, keno yet others. Many activities have several guidelines and legislation. You have to take into account the easy online game that is certainly that contains handful of guidelines and easy to work and much brimming with amusement.
Gambling house selecting is amongst the most critical components for that first-timers. There are actually available casinos within your community but you should pick the right internet casino to perform at. How one can select the best casino? It is extremely simple task for you and you should adhere to about reliability and security. Professional Baccarat System #
A lot of the well-liked casinos are reliable. They feel that, when they are reputable, their clients boosts daily and they can become more well-liked. You could opt for one of those particular but you must know regarding the technique of justifying honest. When you will have with on line casino and definitely will gain a game title then you can in a natural way would like to get the profitable funds. It will be the point when you are able justify regarding the casino's trustworthiness. Some casinos are honest regarding this and a few are dishonesty within this sector. The trustworthy gambling establishments an internet-based gambling establishments are paying because they guaranteed but alternatively the untrue internet casinos usually are not so. To understand about it, you can examine the reviews on on-line internet casino websites.
Online casinos have grown the trend today. These online casinos are nothing but an internet based version in the standard terrain casino houses. They could be utilized from the convenience of your home or some other position where online is accessible. The marketplace is flooded with digital casinos that offer exceptional enjoyable and betting possibilities. However, you need to opt for a on line casino cautiously or you may possibly get a poor knowledge. One such internet casino which i came over is Cirrus On line casino which is not merely harmless but delivers a number of online games and huge rewards to the gamers. There are various good reasons which make Cirrus Casino an even better location for online gambling.
To start with, Cirrus internet casino purposes Actual Time Video gaming software program for the courses. The RTG is easily the most innovative technology in the area of software program online games in the present day. The program has an wonderful program along with the animation level of quality is fantastic.The casino instructions are easy to comply with as well as simple to navigate. Technicians from Princeton College or university have thoroughly tested all of the video games to be sure fairness and accuracy and reliability.
Cirrus on line casino is really a certified gambling house and its completely covered by insurance using its head office in Costa Rica. It makes it possible for US participants to relax and play within its online on line casino and will accept money currency exchange. Competitors can start to play on the website for enjoyment but also for having fun with real money, the lowest age group essental to the casino is 21 yrs.
It offers an excellent support service method. In the event of any difficulty although taking part in the games, withdrawing dollars, questions with regards to the setup method and so forth., customer care is available 24/7. You are able to get hold of them internet through stay talk. You are able to fax your issues that is to be resolved in 24 hrs or you can contact them on the toll free amount.The buyer help workforce includes informed and properly trained workers who conveniently give you a hand anytime you need help.
The financial section of the internet casino is over regular. You can make deposit and withdrawals working with Visa, MasterCard, NEteller, Ipoint, dollars booker and click2pay. In general, a number of withdrawals are permitted in the 30 days to your greatest limitation of $8000. Even so significant roller participants are enabled a limit of $12000.
The on line casino gives many marketing promotions to participants. These marketing promotions is often identified as per month special offers, new player special offers and VIP promotions. The regular monthly campaigns are suitable for regular associates and VIP participants. Large bonus items are provided in numerous systems for person from which to choose depending on their need. New gamers accounts are recognized with no cost french fries of worth $25 after they register. The gambling establishment gives bonus 200Percent complement for their first time down payment of $10-$100.The modern gamers are given several positive aspects with the gambling establishment. The VIP software is divided into 5 ranges and every amount has some deposit and the bare minimum stability specifications which need to be achieved to be able to be eligible for a the many benefit schemes in the form of income backs, comp redemption, free of charge french fries and many others.
The financing a part of the gambling house is previously average. You are permitted to make deposits and.
The gambling house features numerous marketing promotions to competitors. These special offers can be categorized as.
Cirrus gambling house is usually a licensed internet casino and its entirely covered utilizing its headquarters in.
•This is a strong publication that teaches you the way to depend on the notice of God to your therapeutic in any condition, no matter if actual, emotional, or non secular. It combines the ability of prayer with day-by-day Scripture readings to convey you right into a nearer courting with the Lord and advance your trust in His Word.
•Daily 15 to 30 days religious trip with God will renew your ardour for the guarantees in His be aware.
•Evaluation charts assist you see your individual growth with easy questions and your individual answers.
Download e-book for kindle: Common Worship Festivals (Common Worship: Services and by Common Worship
A part of the Church of England's universal Worship liturgy, this quantity includes every little thing a vicar wishes for Saints' days, valuable holy days and gala's. whereas different universal Worship assets are equipped by way of season, fairs is geared up by means of day - making it effortless to discover your manner round. It contains the conventional plainsong prefaces for the entire significant vacation trips and crew commemorations, in addition to every thing a clergyman must behavior the Eucharist - in a single convenient quantity.
Letter's of Grace is a real lifestyles devotional aimed toward encouraging the believer to "Fight the great struggle of religion! " And for the non-believer to work out the affection of God in motion within the lifetime of an individual similar to them.
We needs to become aware of that Christ is in us after we wish our conditions to alter. yet issues do not regularly switch in a single day, so we needs to hold our specialize in Jesus in the course of those occasions and permit Him have His approach. sure, give up is a needs to. And we needs to keep in mind that every little thing isn't really passed to us on a silver platter, yet that we're particularly in a true religious conflict simply because devil doesn't wish us to accomplish the future that God has for us.
In a time while it sort of feels just like the religion of many Christian humans is lower than assault and plenty of have drifted, we discover a clean strengthening from the inspiring real-life tales of Patty Hughart. those are tales of a typical lady who discovered that a unprecedented God – tales of complication and demanding situations, tales of victory and benefits, tales from the normal and infrequently not-so-ordinary problems with lifestyles that all of us face – fairly will be relied on.
Edwards Aviation will fly you to Lockhart River airport when it best suits you, and will be ready to take you home when you have completed your task.
We fly into all North Queensland aerodromes including Cooktown and Lockhart River, and can fly you from international airports including Brisbane and Cairns.
If you are living in Westford, you can Apply Fast for payday loan and you can get up to $1000! You no need to leave your office or home.
Just fill in an online application by click APPLY NOW button, select Westford and VT as your city/state, and just wait one minute!We will find in our network one of the reputable direct payday lender that fit your needs.
Music director D.Imman is easily one among the top 5 music directors in Kollywood today. But he has not reached the top spot very easily. Basically there have been two kinds of music directors in Tamil films. Some will turn heads towards them with their debut, go on making wonders in the next few films and reach the top spot within three or four films in their career. Another category will be destined to struggle a lot to prove their worth. Many of their tremendous efforts would even go unnoticed in the process of climbing up the ladder.
The followers of Tamil Cinema will easily know under which category Imman will fall. Officially the composer's debut film is Vijay starrer Tamizhan that released in 2002. Prior to Tamilan Imman had worked for the film Kadhale Swasam which never released. Such unfortunate is the start of his success story. However Imman's first album Tamizhan was a chartbuster.
In a span of 12 years Imman has worked in many films and a decent number of them are hit films. His songs for the films Whistle, Giri, Thalai nagaram, Marudhamalai, Kacheri Arrambam made to the ipod track list of many young listeners but the turning point in his career came with the film Mynaa. If the path breaking love story by Prabhu Solomon was a super hit so is the album composed by Imman.
After Mynaa notable offers started flooding in and his work for films like Manam Kothi Paravai and Sattai were appreciated by many. Again a Prabhu Solomon film in Kumki pushed Imman's career to new levels. The film made it to the top of the year 2012 in collections apart from garnering enormous critical acclaim and the songs made wonders in the audio market.
Even after this Imman remains affordable to small budget film producers. If this is a quality that is a rare to be found in a composer at the peak of his career it should be seen as the outcome of his clear understanding of what elevated him to this position today.
Post Kumki, Imman got to work with Suseenthiran directed Vishal flick Pandiyanadu and the composer ensured a musical hit with that action packed flick. This made him join with a star as big as Vijay, after a gap of 11 years in Jilla and the songs for the Nessan directed flick are still topping the charts.
Imman is also a good play back singer.'Kirukka Kirukka' in Whistle, 'Adra Sakka' in Giri, 'Katcheri Katcheri' in Karcheri Arrambam made people speak about his ability to sing peppy numbers; with 'Onnum Puriyala' in Kumki he surprised the listeners with his deftness in singing soulful numbers.
If this is something done by his formers and peers, here comes a unique talent of Imman. He has unearthed the crooning talent of many actors and actresses. All of his songs sung by leading heroes and heroines have been likened by music listeners cutting across sections. This not only warrants the singing talent of the particular actor/actress but also the composer's ability to choose the right song suiting the voice of the actor/actress.
Imman, tried this in Tamizhan itself. There is no surprise in making its lead hero Vijay who was already a well known singer to sing the 'Ullathai Killadhey' number. But having PriyankaChopra a girl entirely new to the Tamil language sing a song is the testimony for the composer's self confidence and earnestness to be unique. For a debut composer, getting the consent from the makers for such a risky idea itself should have been a herculean task. And at the end everyone was happy with the outcome and success of the song.
Imman also identified the singer in Siva Karthikeyan and made him sing the super hit Oodha coloru Ribbon in Varuthapadadha Vaalibar Sangam. The success of the song is evident in the anchor turned actor singing a song composed by Anirudh in his upcoming film Maan Karate as well.
Ramya Nambeesan may be a renowned play back singer in Malayalam but in Tamil she was known only as a actress before Imman made her croon the peppy 'Fy fy' song in Pandianadu.
Imman just retained the idea he tried with Vijay in Tamizhan when he paired up with the star in Jilla. This time he made Vijay to sing 'Kandaangi Kandaangi' a beautiful melody with melody queen Shreya Ghoshal.
Going forward, we can expect many more spectacular songs and many actors turning as singers with the magic wand of D.Imman who is one of the busiest composers with 9 films in hand, .
He has made his mark in various languages of the Indian Cinema, Hindi , Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and what not! A man who is extremely talented and a man to whom music comes naturally; A prodigy that he is, here’s more about his contribution in the Bollywood industry.
What brought this man to limelight was ofcourse his ‘Breathless’ which was released in the year 1998. After this many music offers danced to his tunes and now Shankar has over a few hundred’s to his hat. Mission Kashmir which released in 2000 gave him another break as Bumro Bumro created a rave amongst all audience for its fast paced beats.
‘Dil Chahtha Hai’ although proved to be the luckiest for Shakar in his career as it led to him exploring the avenues of becoming a Music Director as well. Donning the hat of a Music Director in 2001 with this, Shankar still continued singing as well and gave hits like ‘Rock and Roll Soniye’ and ‘Where’s the perty tonight’ in the year 2006 and ‘Jhoom Barabar Jhoom’ in 2007. Lakshya which released in 2004 is also a good mention in his steady career.
ShankarMahadevan has never been out of movies and infact there have been hits coming his way one after the other. My name is Khan which hit the theatres in 2010 is yet another example – the song Noor e khuda stole everyone’s hearts. Remember Taare Zameen Par? What was one thing you can’t forget about the movie? Ofcourse the song – ‘Meri Maa’ and thanks to Shankar’s soulful rendition yet again.
ShankarMahadevan has recently ventured into his training academy for all music enthusiasts. Raaga.com wishes him all the very best for it.
The ace actor mamootty made his appearance ein Kollywood way back in 1990’s. Here is a quick look at the best songs of Mamootty from his Tamil Movies.
‘Kalyana Thennila’ remains one of the evergreen hits until today. Ofcourse this was Mamootty’s first film in Tamil and thanks to the beautiful lady Amala by his side, the song takes the top position In the best romantic numbers ever composed. Balachander roped him in again in 1991 for Azhagan. This movie had a brilliant music album and almost all songs became a hit. Ofcourse our personal favourite is ‘Sathi Malli Poocharame’. Moamooty’s third consecutive hit in Kollywood was ‘Thalapathy’ with Rajinikanth by sharing the screen space with him. Needless to say, ‘Kaatukuyilu manasukula’ is everyone’s all time favourite.
The next consecutive years saw Mammootty in various roles in a range of movies like Arasiyal, Pudhayal, Makkal Aatchi etc. Although a movie that made a difference breaking a monotony in his role was the movie Maru Malarchi which released in the year 1998. A song from this movie that made a good impact was ‘Ayarindu madhangal’ sung by Unnikrishnan.
With Kandukondein Kandikondein releasing in the year 2000, there was more scope for acting for Mamootty with a challenging role given to him and with an amazing star cast like Aishwarya Rai, Thala Ajith sharing the screen with him. Needless to say,Mamooty made a mark with this movie too.
Mammootty was seen in the movie ‘Anandham’ the following year, making a clear statement that he can also fit the bill of being the sentimental ‘brother’ too. The hit song from this movie was ofcourse the sentimental ‘Aasai Aasaiyaaai irukiradhe’ in K.J Yesudas’s voice.
Following this, Mamootty made appearances in other movies like Junior Senior, Karmegham , vandhe Maatharam and Vishwa Thulasi. Raaga.com hopes to see Mammootty back in action in Kollywood.
So with Highway hitting the screens recently, there has been a lot of buzz in B-Town not only because Aalia Bhatt has done a fantastic job but also because the movie promises a different world of ‘music’ altogether. But why is that? Ofcourse it is because none other than the Maestro has lent his tunes to the movie.
What is creating wave in the music scene now? Ofcourse it is the album ‘Raunaq’. Well one reason is that it is Kapil Sibal’s second attempt at writing after his contribution for Bandbook. The album which was unveiled by Salman Khan during the launch carries about 7 songs in total. Singers like lata Mangeshkar and Shreya Ghoshal are a part of this album too. Jonita Gandhi is also another person that one could see in this album.The hopes are high considering this music album has the best of all. Moreover, one specific song in the album featuring Yami Gautham has the visuals inspired by Ravi Varma paintings.
A.R.Rahman is always known for the difference he brings out through his works, the detailing in each of it. We hear that ‘raunaq’ has something for all the music lovers.Backed by Sony music for the musical production, this album has a lot to offer. For now all we can do is immerse ourselves in this beautiful number – ‘Kismat se’.
Discover and share music with millions of music fans. PC World 2008 - Best Music Website Award Winner!
February 28 marks the birthday of the legendary film music director Ravindra Jain. He turns 71 today; Raaga.Com wishes him birthday greeting and recalls the eternal friendship of Ravindra Jain and Mohd Rafi and how they admired each other.
After music legend Naushad, if there is any music director, who has nurtured Indian Classical music, it is indeed, Ravindra Jain. If fact when Ravindra Jain landed in Mumbai, Music director Naushad had offered him to be his assistant but Jain wished to embark his journey as an independent music director.
Student of music stalwarts like Pandit G.L. Jain, Pandit Janardhan Sharma, and Pandit Nathu Ram Jain's inclination towards Bhartiya Shastriya Sangeet was immense and it was his this command over Shastriya Sangeet that brought him close to Mohd. Rafi.
Recalling his first meeting with Rafi, Ravindra Jain said, “I first met Rafi-saab in Kolkata in a program but due to his hectic schedule we could not have much conversation but when I got my first Bollywood assignment for the movie LORI, Rafi Sahab was kind enough to sing my debut song “Ye silsila hai pyar ka chalta hi rahega…. However the movie could not be released.”
“Next I was signed by N.N.Sippy for the film KAANCH AUR HEERA. Once again, I approached Rafi sahab and he obliged. The song was Nazar aati nahin manzil….Unfortunately the film didn’t do well, but this song became very popular,” he informs.
He added, “After this N.N.Sippy gave another break with CHOR MACHAYE SHOR. I took the movie as a challenge and yet again I relied on Rafi sahab. Interestingly all the songs became hit. Remember Ek Daal Par Tota Bole...; Paon Mein Dori...”
After this the two shared a good rapport. Paying tribute to Rafi sahab, Ravinder Jain, in his typical poetry quotes -
Among the yesteryear actress the only actress who has maintained grace and elegance is unarguably Rekha.
Recently Katrina Kaif, who has got the opportunity to work with Rekha in Abhishek Kapoor’s upcoming film FITOOR, was smitten by Rekha’s charm and charisma.
Amazed at Rekha’s sophistication and zeal for life Katrina said, “Every time I have met her, I have been amazed by her warmth, her grace and her immense enthusiasm towards life. I am sure we will have a great time filming together and I am looking forward to it."
Termed as ‘Original Diva’ of Bollywood, Rekha is truly an inspiration for everybody. Readers would be surprised to know when Rekha made her debut in the early 70’s in Bollywood, she was severely criticized for her dark complexion and her plump body.
In an interview Rekha had candidly confessed how media made nasty gags regarding her looks. She once said, “In fact a leading newspaper had even labeled me as ‘Ugly Duckling’ and interestingly later the same newspaper lauded me for my transformation into a beautiful swan!”
Few know that to acquire the stunning looks Rekha underwent strenuous makeover regime which reflected in her personal and professional sphere.
Besides the magical makeover, what makes Rekha’s life a motivation is that despite failures in love life and living a lonesome life, Rekha has not been tucked down instead she lives life king-size.
Her married life is very tragic. In 1990, Rekha married to Delhi based industrialist Mukesh Aggarwal. A year later in 1991, he committed suicide due to financial loss.
Later there were rumored of Rekha’s secretly marriage to Bollywood actor Vinod Mehra but Rekha in an interview with Simi Garewal declined the rumor referring to him as a ‘well-wisher.’ And last but not the least her Rekha ‘s failed affair with Amitabh Bachchan is well known but in spite of all the tragedies Rekha continues to live life positively and that’s the key to her evergreen charisma and allure.
Pet Friendly Hotels in Reno, Nevada Find Hotel, B&B, Motel and other Lodging and Accommodations that accept Dogs, Cats and other Pets.
Nevada: The End of the Casino Era. Nevada legalized gambling in 1931, Reno became the "quickie divorce" capital of the country, and in 1946,.Savor contemporary cuisine inspired by Napa Valley in a sophisticated, vibr. Peppermill Casino, Reno: See 915 reviews, articles, and 110 photos of Peppermill Casino,. See all Casinos & Gambling in Reno. Atlantis. Reno, Nevada.On his twenty-fifth birthday, February 23, 1935, Harold Smith Sr. opened a tiny gambling club in Reno, Nevada. He had come to “the biggest little city” because.
The Reno Problem Gambling Center is an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcomes clients and employees without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age or qualified disability. If you have questions regarding services for clients with disabilities, please contact the office at (775) 284-5335. Copyright Reno Problem Gambling Center.Photo, Print, Drawing [Scenes of open gambling in Reno, Nevada casinos: "overland roulette game"] b&w film copy neg.Station revives stalled plans for south Reno casino. The Nevada Gaming Control Board would have to approve the relocation of the gaming operations to the South.Office Address & Mailing Address: 9790 Gateway Drive, Suite 100 Reno, NV 89521 Phone Numbers: (775) 823-7200 - Audit Division (775) 823-7250 - Enforcement Division. Atlantis gift cards are the perfect gift for any occasion to give a friend or loved one.530 Casino jobs available in Reno, NV on Indeed.com. Help Wanted, Cage Cashier, Attendant and more!.
Overview Corporate Connection Request A Proposal Family Reunions Sales Kit. Take advantage of great savings and receive your AAA 10% discount off our b. In an attempt to lift the state out of the hard times of the Great Depression, the Nevada state legislature votes to legalize gambling.Located in the Great Basin.
Video Poker in Nevada. Our games are currently available in 251 casinos in Nevada with a total of 9,226 active video. Harrah's Casino Hotel Reno 7.As part of being 55 and better, please enjoy these fantastic offers.History of Gaming in Nevada. 1864 - 1931;. Nevada Legislature increases state gambling tax. In northern Nevada, Reno experienced a significant population boom.Offers Home Spa Packages Military Family Rate Atlantis Gift Cards.Shopping for Reno hotels and Sparks, NV hotels? Look no further than the well-appointed accommodations for the Nugget Casino Resort, a top hotel in Reno, NV.
Our goal is for you to leave us with amazing stories to tell.Nevada State Board of Examiners for. Alcohol,. Gambling Counselors. Certified Problem Gambling Counselor.
Reno is located in the western part of central Nevada and is considered the gaming and entertainment epicenter of that portion of the state. Reno hosts the state’s.
Atlantis Casino Resort Spa is a AAA Four Diamond Reno hotel and casino thoughtfully designed for relaxation, celebration and rejuvenation.
Reno, Nevada casino listings and other casinos listed by state. Also - detailed casinos career guide and job board. Learn how and where to play. Make reservations, play free games and contests, log in to see your offers.
Burning of the largest gambling house in the state, Reno, Nevada. Image ID:. Burning of the largest gambling house in the state. Reno, Nevada;.Reno gambling with slot machines, gaming tables and world poker tour championships.
A note may be played and sung simultaneously to alter the timbre of the sound. Multiple sonorities may also be produced by singing different notes from those played, although it is advisable to keep vocal lines as simple as possible and within relatively close proximity of the played pitches. The played and sung parts can be rhythmically independent of each other, but it should be remembered that any articulation used will apply to both parts simultaneously.
Composers should note that the range of sung pitches varies between players, and it is worth including alternatives for male/female voices and and/or those with a limited vocal range. Sung pitches may be notated at transposed or concert pitch but this must be made clear in the score. Transposed pitches are often most helpful for players without perfect pitch. Where possible, pitch references should be included within the surrounding material to assist the player with accurate vocal intonation.
To write effectively for singing and playing, the composer must understand to an extent the amount of internal resonance required to play the alto flute. Players use the throat and internal cavities as resonators for the sound of the instrument. Singing unisons and pitches close to the sounded pitches (such as small intervals and octaves) does not cause much of a problem to the player, but wide leaps can cause difficulties as conflicting mouth shapes may be required for the vocal and playing pitches. Such considerations can sometimes be unique with an individual player, so again, providing ossia passages may be advisable.
Singing and playing can be extremely tiring for the performer, so extended passages should be avoided. It is also worth noting that many flute players are not trained singers and although basic vocal technique can be expected, it may be worth erring on the side of caution unless writing for a specific player’s abilities.
The clearest way to indicate singing and playing is to write the played note as normal, and using a square notehead for the sung pitch.
It may also be advisable to give the instruction sing under the passage concerned, and to define your notation in a glossary.
Interference can be created through slightly de-tuning the voice on a unison pitch. Small glissandi in this way can be an effective alteration of tone colour.
Wide vocal glissandi from high pitched notes can create an extraordinary effect. However, it should be noted that this can be very tiring to perform as the player may have to leave their comfortable vocal range in order to achieve this effect.
Brand Loro Piana is well known due to its quality. They are always using the best materials to produce new collection. Classic but the same moment so modern. This time I was invited to check their new collection fall 2017. Sweaters, scarfs, coats, shoes and bags – every piece was perfect.
Costume National brand is not property of the founders anymore! Ennio and Carlo Capasa had opened the company in 1986, later – in 2009 Sequedge Incorporated bought a part of share of CN and from that moment tryed to buy whole brand, but only last week Capasa brothers finnaly dared to sell of a control off and left positions – Carlo of general manager and Ennio of creative director. For now, we get no information about new head designer in Costume National, but Capasa brothers promised to present an absolutely new fashion product the nearest time!
Can you believe that a swimsuit can be the most functional item in your wardrobe? That for sure has to be a very special swimsuit, which can be a bodysuit and a top at the same time. Kseniya and Daria, the owners at Comechance, seem to have found the formula for a perfect top. And told EatDressTravel all about it!
The brand started in May 2014. Kseniya and Dasha were looking for a niche at Ukrainian market that hadn’t been taken by anyone. And it turned out nobody was producing swimsuits at the time. Several months before that the girls were working on the idea, analyzed the marked, worked on the business plan and formed the initial budget.
Comechance started with swimsuits. This season they also added beachwear and accessories to the product range. You can wear their items to the beach and combine with other wardrobe pieces to wear all-year-round. For instance, the one-piece swimsuits can be easily worn as bodysuits.
“We wanted to create a non-typical and unusual product in Ukraine. At first even our friends thought that we had started importing some European or American brand. They were surprised to know that it’s a 100% produced by us”, says Kseniya.
“I remember how we couldn’t find the right name for the brand. We were looking for something we haven’t heard about ourselves and wanted it to be original. Some weeks later we came across the word comechance. We thought it suited very well. The name of our brand is still interesting to others”, adds Dasha.
Dasha is the brand’s creative director and designer, Kseniya is the PR-director. Until lately Comechance didn’t have any competitors at Ukrainian market. Now there are several brands producing swimwear. Comechance is still distinguished by the quality of sewing, fabrics and implements. They have a secret studio which has the equipment to sew swimwear. There are no such machines anywhere in the country.
When it comes to fabrics, the designers like using supplex, stretch nets and scuba for the swimsuits. For kimonos and beachwear they use organza and sequins. The materials are normally ordered from Italy, although oranza was being embroidered with sequins in India. It takes 2 to 14 days to make one piece of clothing.
This year Comechance got to produce a full-scale collection. They showcased it during Mercedes-Benz Kiev Fashion Days. ‘It was quite a challenge. That’s how we so our strong and weak sides and learned lots of priceless lessons. Some people think that we as owners of the brand lead a fun and glamorous lives and that it all just works for us. In fact, nobody sees even a part of the job we have to do’.
The girls have the brand’s Instagram-account from the very beginning. Actually, that’s how Comechance earned their first clients and sales. Some Instagram comments even helped them improve some of the collection’s items.
The designers have noticed that most likes are earned by posts which contain stories, facts or tags of other brands together with the picture itself. The rules are general for SMM – posting twice a day, in the morning and at night. And an interesting capture is a must.
To help their Instagram page, the duo is now renewing their website which soon will be an online store as well. The also sell offline – in Gallery 48 in Kyiv and are in negotiations with several retail stores abroad.
Lanvin has finally found who will succeed Alber Elbaz. Brand’s new artistic director became Bouchra Jarrar, who will develop only women’s clothes.
After a week of rumours Bouchra Jarrar has been confirmed as Lanvin’s new artistic director. Her first collection for brand will make its debut during the spring/summer 2017 runway season.
“Her timeless style is in keeping with the style and values of our company,” Lanvin chief executive officer Michèle Huiban said in a statement today. By the way, Jarrar has really impressive experience in women’s clothes design. She launched her own couture label in 2010 after 15 years working in different fashion houses, including Balenciaga and Christian Lacroix Couture.
Last October management of mass market giant H&M promised us that their younger child – Other Stories brand will show something very special at the beginning of 2016! Surprise that they prepeared for publicity is collaboration with luxury brand Rodarte. Marketers of H&M know that nothing works as successfully as tandem with high-price brands. They are extremely experienced in this – mutual collections with Maison Margiela, Alexander Wang и Balmain were sold out extremely fast!
We can see the result of this union from 10 of March – today is presentation of clothes line! Accessories and shoes will be in the stores from 17 of March!
Creative directors of Rodarte Laura and Kate Mulleavy are very excited about their new project:”Its an excellent opportunity to make influence of Rodarte more significant!”
“We are sure that the duet Stories/Rodarte will be interesting for publicity and will put both brands on the new level of popularity” – sisters believe.
BlumShapiro Partner, Mark Campbell, Elected Board President of Association for Corporate Growth, Connecticut Chapter
Mark Campbell, BlumShapiro Shelton Office Partner, has been elected President of the Board of Directors of the Association for Corporate Growth (ACG), Connecticut Chapter. Campbell’s term as Board President runs from June 2015-June 2017.
“I am honored and humbled to be selected as President of ACG Connecticut’s Board of Directors,” said Campbell. During my nearly ten-year involvement with ACG, I’ve seen this organization evolve into a leading and vital strategic networking association benefiting many middle-market Connecticut businesses. I thank ACG, including outgoing Board President, Karin Kovacic and outgoing Board Chairman, Ramsey Goodrich, for their trust and confidence in me in leading the board going forward.”
Campbell became a partner in BlumShapiro’s Litigation Services and Business Valuation Group in 2013. He provides privately held companies and business owners with valuation services for shareholder disputes, buy/sell agreements, mergers and acquisitions, financial reporting, gifting interests, estate planning and taxation, and matrimonial dissolutions.
Campbell joined BlumShapiro as a manager in 2007. During that time, Campbell has been an active volunteer in many annual BlumShapiro community programs statewide, including the BlumShapiro 5K for Camp Courant at the Travelers Championship and the BlumShapiro Thanksgiving Food Basket Campaign for Christian Community Action.
Campbell received a Bachelor in Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1992, majoring in Accounting. He received a Juris Doctorate and Masters in Business Administration (with a concentration in taxation) from Pace University in 1997 and 2002, respectively. Campbell became a Certified Public Accountant in 2000. He became Accredited in Business Valuation and Certified in Financial Forensics by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 2006 and 2008, respectively. He has also been a licensed attorney in Connecticut since 1998.
Campbell is a member of the American Society of Appraisers, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Connecticut Society of Certified Public Accountants, the Connecticut and Fairfield County Bar Associations and serves as treasurer of the Board of Directors of the Stepping Stones Museum for Children.
BlumShapiro is the largest regional business advisory firm based in New England, with offices in Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The firm, with nearly 400 professionals and staff, offers a diversity of services which includes auditing, accounting, tax and business advisory services. In addition, BlumShapiro provides a variety of specialized consulting services such as succession and estate planning, business technology services, employee benefit plan audits and litigation support and valuation. The firm serves a wide range of privately held companies, government and non-profit organizations and provides non-audit services for publicly traded companies.
C4CS® Senior Partner Dianne L. Chase Elected to International Executive Board of International Association of Business Communicators
Registration Open for the BlumShapiro 5K For Camp Courant at the Travelers Championship – May 2, 2015
Turrentine Insurance Agency enjoys being social. Just take note. Whether consumers favor Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, interactive blogs or any combination, Turrentine Insurance Agency has got it covered. These social media tools supply a great way for two-way communication. Here consumers locate information, offer opinions or information, ask questions and get answers. And it all takes place quickly and easily.
Here the customer can get to know the agency and its qualified staff. Check out the About Us section and the employee directory. Read or provide testimonials. Learn more through partner advertising. Get one-stop information or request and receive a quote for homeowners and auto insurance. Want to know where to go or how to get there? That information is offered in the location section. All this and more is provided through the agency’s Facebook page or interactive website.
In a disaster or emergency, immediate connection through social media to a customer’s valued agent at Turrentine Insurance Agency offers much needed aid any time from any place. Here consumers can find claim information, weather warnings, disaster alerts and instantly updated information at their fingertips. And there is no need to search out a business card. The agent’s contact information is always available.
On the go? Consumers are covered. With all that Turrentine Insurance Agency provides through social media tools, customers have multiple methods to connect. Like to trade information? Turrentine Insurance Agency’s interactive blog provides a area to learn and share information about many types of insurance. Trusted information from knowledgeable agents and partners provides clients with current news, tips, and suggestions for making the best possible insurance choices. Visitors also can be informed through free downloadable reports.
Simply, straightforward social media tools from Turrentine Insurance Agency now provide clients a quick way to network about insurance needs and issues. Visit http://www.turrentineinsuranceagency.com to get connected with all the resources that Turrentine Insurance Agency has available.
Social Media Authority, Social Intelligence Agency Announces New Social Media Services To Benefit Small Businesses
This book offers a short story retelling of the Shahrazad legend from the classic One Thousand and One Nights (also known as The Arabian Nights). This brief version can be enjoyed when reading in silence, yet lends itself to presentation by live storytellers. It stands on its own, yet also makes a good effect when read as a spoken introduction to an orchestral performance of Rimsky-Korsakov's Scheherazade.
Wickenburg Ranch Golf and Social Club features a gorgeous championship course designed along rolling terrain with elevation changes, desert and water carries, sculpted tee boxes, and challenging green complexes. The course was recognized as one of the best New Courses in the U S in 2015 by Golf Digest. Located a little over 1 hour's drive from the Phoenix area, this desert mountain layout is a " must play", and well worth the drive.
On property is a spectacular clubhouse with pro shop with adjacent snack area and bar, plus a full service and beautifully appointed restaurant ( with outdoor patio) presenting great food and drinks, with wonderful golf course and desert vistas. The banquet/outing facilities are outstanding, and the property also features a full practice facility, with putting green, targeted range and short game area. There also is a 9-hole par three aptly named " Lil Wick" ! Call ahead to make sure you have the correct directions or copy the directions on this page - as your GPS may lead you astray.
�At the roundabout in Wickenburg (which is just past the McDonalds on the right hand side of the road) veer to the right on the Wickenburg Bypass (89/93 N)
�At the next roundabout at the north end of the Wickenburg Bypass, continue through the roundabout north on 89/93 towards Las Vegas
�At the third roundabout, which has a large statue of a set of Spurs, the community entrance will be to the right of the roundabout – 3246 Maverick Drive
Visit the Arizona Golf Association Website to obtain information on becoming a member of this non-profit organization which represents amateur golfers and provides programs and support for golf in Arizona.
Adventures and observations of a biologist and watercolor painter in Arizona's deserts and mountains by Margarethe Brummermann Ph.D.
Here is a strange addition to our backyard fauna: I think it is a leucistic Eurasian Collared Dove. Last year one lonely Eurasians moved in and tried to make friends with resident Mourning Doves. Now there are three including this very light one. The question is now whether it's a fawn-colored variant of the Eurasian Collared, a leucistic bird (which might be the same thing) or a very light Ringed Turtle Dove (domestic variety). Since it is the same size as the other Eurasians I believe it's one of them.
Interestingly the Eurasian Collared doves were just expanding their range from eastern Europe to Germany when I was a kid. In the eighties they were already our most common doves in Western Germany. Here in the US they were introduced in Florida and are spreading rapidly west. I've seen them for years at Sweetwater.
The Collared doves will certainly be competitors of the Mourning Doves. But the locals have enormous breeding success, raising clutch after clutch all year round in every possible niche, flower pot, top of a cactus, awning, shelf....
Please also visit Margarethe Brummermann Watercolors, my new blog that show-cases my art, from watercolors to insect photography collages. In that blog, I will introduce new pieces, announce upcoming shows and other events, and provide links to archived images and my contact information.
I am a biologist, watercolor painter, and photographer originally from Dortmund, Germany. In 1995 I founded my business, Brummermann's Art and Sciences in Tucson, Arizona. Through this venue I am selling my original watercolors and insect collages, offer services like high quality art printing (giclee) art classes. I offer naturalists' presentations on many topics, I prepare and design and graphics for scientific publications. You can license my photographs. I collect Arizona insect specimens upon requests for scientists and researchers. I offer guided, very personalized tours to exciting natural areas in Arizona. I am producing a photographic field guide to Arizona beetles with co author Arthur Evans. For this purpose I have collected, identified and photographed (life) over 1800 Arizona Beetle species. I am still searching for additional under-writers to help finance this project and will start a crowd funding campaign soon.
© Margarethe Brummermann and Arizona: Beetles, Bugs, Birds and more (ABBB), 2009/2012. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express permission from this blog’s author and owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Margarethe Brummermann and ‘ABBB', with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
October 29, 2018 Democrats, Environment, Health, History, Legislation, Politics, Republicans, Statistics, UncategorizedArizona Humanist
-Banned discriminatory employment practices by Federal agencies and all unions and companies engaged in war-related work
-Established the President’s Committee on Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services, committing the government to integrating the segregated military
Note: This vote was an important moment in the history of the Republican and Democratic parties and was the major catalyst leading to the transition of Southern Democrats to the Republican Party.*
The earth’s climate is extremely important, both economically and biologically. Most Democrats agree with the vast majority of climate scientists that humans have caused all or nearly all of earth’s rapid warming over the past 5-6 decades.* As of 2017, 78% of Democrats agreed that human activity is causing the warming while only 24% of Republicans agree* with the extremely strong scientific consensus.
But, isn’t there still a lot of uncertainty about what’s causing global warming? No. Climate scientists are roughly as certain that humans are causing the rapid warming of the earth’s atmosphere as they are in the basic science of plate tectonics.*
But, is scientific consensus really important? Maybe. One way to look at it is to consider artificial intelligence. Imagine if we looked at research papers of artificial intelligence researchers and polled them and found that 5% of them are warning that there is a high probability of robots taking over the world in the near future. That might be slightly alarming, right? However, if we look at that same information and talk to the same people and find that 97% of those papers and scientists are warning of a robot takeover, governments all over the world would be acting immediately to prevent this.
In The Spirit of the Laws, Montesquieu argued that a separation of the executive, legislative, and judicial powers of government is necessary to prevent abuses of power. He wrote that, if a single body holds all of these powers, that body can abuse it, but, if the powers are separated, each can check the other. He wrote that the legislative branch alone should have the ability to tax in order to prevent the executive from imposing its will arbitrarily. The president can veto acts of legislature, and the legislature is divided into two chambers that each check one another. The judiciary, Montesquieu thought, should be independent of the other two branches and should only concern itself with laws regarding threats to public order and security.*
An example of this is the Water Pollution Control Act Amendments of 1972 (aka, the “Clean Water Act”). This bill set a national goal of eliminating all pollutant discharges into US waters by 1985 while also making waters safe for fish, shellfish, wildlife and people by July 1, 1983. The bill passed the House by roll call vote 366-11 and the Senate by roll call vote 74-0 on October 4th 1972.* The Senate needs a simple majority of 51 votes to pass a bill while the House needs a simple majority of 218 votes to pass a bill.* So, the Clean Water Act easily passed both chambers of Congress.
President Nixon then had an opportunity to veto this bill. As the Constitution notes, every bill that passes the House and Senate must be signed by the president in order to become law. If the president returns it with objections to the originating chamber, it must be voted on again and receive two-thirds vote from both chambers before becoming law.*
In this case, President Nixon chose to exercise that Constitutional privilege and returned the bill back to Congress on October 17th. Nixon chose to do this shortly before midnight on that day which would have been 10 days from when he received it. If he had waited until after midnight, the bill would have automatically become law (another stipulation in the Constitution). On being returned to the House, not all members voted again. A two-thirds vote of the entire 435 body would be 290. Their vote of 247-23 means that only 62% of House members voted. However, of those who did vote, 91% voted to override the president’s veto. In the Senate, the breakdown was 52-12, again a large majority of a subset of the Senate. Thus, the bill became law on October 18, 1972.*
I’ve largely stopped jogging outdoors in recent years. One reason is that I’ve been concerned for a long time about the air quality. It kind of defeats the purpose of exercising if you’re breathing in car exhaust and coal fumes.*
Arizona’s most recent air quality grade from the American Lung Association is, overwhelmingly, an F, mainly thanks to our cars and reliance on coal for electricity.*
We know from a 2013 MIT study that air pollution causes roughly 200,000 premature deaths in the US annually.* This isn’t surprising as we also know that air pollution increases risk of respiratory diseases, lung cancer, and heart disease.
What shocked me years ago as a psychology student was coming across various studies indicating different ways in which air pollution causes cognitive problems. It reduces brain mass, negatively impacts memory, and it’s associated with increased Alzheimer’s incidence.**
Reading this stuff, I would think back to times throughout my teens when I would ride my bicycle a hundred miles a week from Silly Mountain out to Crismon and back, praying that I wouldn’t get stuck at a red light next to that poorly-serviced 1970s station wagon. Or summers when I worked for my mom’s husband in road construction shoveling dirt from curbs while walking around in a black cloud of exhaust from the giant Caterpillar machines. I look back and wonder what permanent cognitive damage I unknowingly inflicted on myself.
These days, people are often surprised that I drive around in a Micro Machine. Seems to me that that’s the least I can do. Just like I think voting for people who oppose fossil fuels and support cleaner energy sources is the least I can do.
I think it’s this easy: Kids should be able to ride their bicycles and play outside without an increased risk of physical or cognitive impairment. It’s inexcusable and unconscionable that they don’t have such a guarantee in Arizona in 2018.
March 29, 2018 Conservatives, Democrats, Health, Local, Philosophy, Politics, Religion, Reproduction, Republicans, State, Statistics, The BibleArizona Humanist
The first person I talk to comes out guns blazing. I don’t even knock on his door. He just pops out with a “Hey there!”
“I used to be a Democrat,” he says, “back when they were conservative. Now they’re for the homosexuals and abortion, and they’re against God.”
I say, “Well, you know, I’m not a big fan of abortion, but I think the Democrats have it right. Number one, strangely enough, making more restrictive abortion laws doesn’t actually reduce the rate of abortion.* It’s like Barry Goldwater said: ‘It’s always been around, and it always will be.’* Things we know that help reduce the rate of abortion, though, like increased access to birth control and sex ed are things Democrats are generally for.”*
“Well, that’s true,” he says, “and that’s why I’m not strictly for one side or the other. But, I don’t know why everything has to be gay, gay, gay now. You can’t turn on the TV these days without homosexuals in everything. You know, I believe in the Bible, and the Bible makes it totally clear that homosexuality is wrong. Take Sodom and Gomorrah: God sends angels down to Lot, and the wicked men of the city try to have sex with them. Lot offers them his daughters — now that part’s terrible — but the men want the angels.”
I say, “Yeah, but I would point out that there are different ways to interpret these things. There are people out there who believe — I’m sure — just as strongly in God and the Bible who don’t think homosexuality is bad. In that verse you mentioned, for instance, they might say that God’s problem with the wicked men was not that they were homosexuals but that they wanted to rape strangers. Maybe God is just against people who want to rape other people.”*
He says, “Yeah, there are a lot of people out there who want to distort the truth. They try to call people like me an extremist just because I’ve been married to my wife for 52 years.”
I say, “Well, I wouldn’t call you that. I would just say that I have gay friends myself who I care for a lot. They’re people who I think suffered because they grew up around people who told them that they were bad. They couldn’t change this ‘bad’ thing about themselves, so it made them deeply unhappy. I think that’s terrible.”
He then tells me a bizarre story about a handsome nephew who he says was turned gay by his mom and sisters who would dress him up like a girl, in dresses and makeup. I let that one go. I liked that the guy called his nephew “a real head-turner,” though.
This was like a 20-minute conversation that I won’t recount all of here. It turns out that the guy doesn’t like Jeff Flake because Flake’s nephew apparently … neglected some dogs? The guy doesn’t like McCain because McCain is responsible for the shoddy condition of the VA apparently.
He talks about how you can’t have the Bible in schools anymore, but you can have the “yin yang.” I kinda regret not finding out what the “yin yang” is ….
Trump, though. There’s somethin’ about that Trump guy. He says, “Trump’s a guy who can’t be bought ’cause he’s already a billionaire.”
As I almost always do when I hear Trump’s name, I begin to vomit uncontrollably. No, I’m kidding. I just vomit in my mind. The mind vomit helps to cloud the mental image of Trump.
This ex-Democrat then says, “And the Mueller investigation — the Democrats are just dragging it out. It’s just a waste of taxpayer money.”
“In conclusion, this article is the first to our knowledge to report that a higher proportion of household gun ownership at the state level is associated with statistically significant increased rates of nonstranger total and firearm homicides. By contrast, we found no robust, statistically significant association between household gun ownership and stranger homicides. Our findings thus challenge the argument that gun ownership deters violent crime, in particular, homicides.”
“Across the nine regions for the early 1990s (n = 9), household handgun ownership rates are positively correlated with the suicide rate (r = 0.59) and are not correlated with either the lifetime prevalence of major depression or suicidal thoughts. After controlling for major depression and suicidal thoughts (and any of the four additional control variables), handgun ownership rates remain significantly associated with the overall suicide rate.”
“Individual-level studies (n=4) are reviewed that investigate the risks and benefits of owning a personal or household firearm. The research suggests that households with firearms are at higher risk for homicide, and there is no net beneficial effect of firearm ownership.
“Two groups of ecological studies are reviewed, those comparing multiple countries and those focused solely on the United States. Results from the cross-sectional international studies (n=7) typically show that in high-income countries with more firearms, both men and women are at higher risk for homicide, particularly firearm homicide.
“Time series (n=10) and cross-sectional studies (n=9) of U.S. cities, states, and regions and for the United States as a whole, generally find a statistically significant gun prevalence–homicide association. None of the studies prove causation, but the available evidence is consistent with the hypothesis that increased gun prevalence increases the homicide rate.”
“Between 1988 and 1997, the suicide, homicide, and unintentional firearm death rates among women were disproportionately higher in states where guns were more prevalent. The elevated rates of violent death in states with more guns was not entirely explained by a state’s poverty or urbanization and was driven primarily by lethal firearm violence, not by lethal nonfirearm violence.”
“Among developed nations, the United States has the highest rate of civilian gun ownership, and the highest homicide rate. We examine whether the United States is merely an exception, or if a relationship between gun availability and homicide exists across all developed nations.
“In simple regressions (no control variables) across 26 high-income nations, there is a strong and statistically significant association between gun availability and homicide rates.
“Positive correlations were obtained between the rates of household gun ownership and the national rates of homicide and suicide as well as the proportions of homicides and suicides committed with a gun.”
“Over the 22 year study period household firearm ownership rates declined across all four regions. In multivariate analyses, each 10% decline in household firearm ownership was associated with significant declines in rates of firearm suicide, 4.2% (95% CI 2.3% to 6.1%) and overall suicide, 2.5% (95% CI 1.4% to 3.6%). Changes in non-firearm suicide were not associated with changes in firearm ownership.
“The magnitude of the association between changes in household firearm ownership and changes in rates of firearm and overall suicide was greatest for children: for each 10% decline in the percentage of households with firearms and children, the rate of firearm suicide among children 0–19 years of age dropped 8.3% (95% CI 6.1% to 10.5%) and the rate of overall suicide dropped 4.1% (2.3% to 5.9%).”
“The US homicide rates were 6.9 times higher than rates in the other high-income countries, driven by firearm homicide rates that were 19.5 times higher. For 15-year olds to 24-year olds, firearm homicide rates in the United States were 42.7 times higher than in the other countries. For US males, firearm homicide rates were 22.0 times higher, and for US females, firearm homicide rates were 11.4 times higher. The US firearm suicide rates were 5.8 times higher than in the other countries, though overall suicide rates were 30% lower. The US unintentional firearm deaths were 5.2 times higher than in the other countries.
“Among these 23 countries, 80% of all firearm deaths occurred in the United States, 86% of women killed by firearms were US women, and 87% of all children aged 0 to 14 killed by firearms were US children.”
“Household firearm ownership levels are strongly associated with higher rates of suicide, consistent with the hypothesis that the availability of lethal means increases the rate of completed suicide.”
“The number of guns per capita per country was a strong and independent predictor of firearm-related death in a given country, whereas the predictive power of the mental illness burden was of borderline significance in a multivariable model. Regardless of exact cause and effect, however, the current study debunks the widely quoted hypothesis that guns make a nation safer.”
“A statistically significant association exists between gun availability and the rates of unintentional firearm deaths, homicides, and suicides. The elevated rates of suicide and homicide among children living in states with more guns is not entirely explained by a state’s poverty, education, or urbanization and is driven by lethal firearm violence, not by lethal nonfirearm violence.”
“Those persons with guns in the home were at greater risk than those without guns in the home of dying from a homicide in the home (adjusted odds ratio = 1.9, 95% confidence interval: 1.1, 3.4). They were also at greater risk of dying from a firearm homicide, but risk varied by age and whether the person was living with others at the time of death.
“The risk of dying from a suicide in the home was greater for males in homes with guns than for males without guns in the home (adjusted odds ratio = 10.4, 95% confidence interval: 5.8, 18.9). Persons with guns in the home were also more likely to have died from suicide committed with a firearm than from one committed by using a different method (adjusted odds ratio = 31.1, 95% confidence interval: 19.5, 49.6).
“Results show that regardless of storage practice, type of gun, or number of firearms in the home, having a gun in the home was associated with an increased risk of firearm homicide and firearm suicide in the home.”
“Among high-income countries, where firearms are more available, more women are homicide victims. Women in the United States are at higher risk of homicide victimization than are women in any other high-income country.”
“This paper uses a unique data set to demonstrate that increases in gun ownership lead to substantial increases in the overall homicide rate.”
“As compared with the controls, the victims more often lived alone or rented their residence. Also, case households more commonly contained an illicit-drug user, a person with prior arrests, or someone who had been hit or hurt in a fight in the home. After controlling for these characteristics, we found that keeping a gun in the home was strongly and independently associated with an increased risk of homicide.”
“Although the current study cannot determine causation, firearm mortality in its various forms is most commonly related to the prevalence of firearms and the percent of the population that is African American.”
“We observed a robust correlation between higher levels of gun ownership and higher firearm homicide rates. Although we could not determine causation, we found that states with higher rates of gun ownership had disproportionately large numbers of deaths from firearm-related homicides.”
February 3, 2018 Conservatives, Democrats, Environment, Global Warming, Green, Health, Republicans, State, Statistics, SustainabilityArizona Humanist
Just looking at data from the Energy Information Administration from 2014, it looks like red states do produce more CO2 per capita:
I wanted to better quantify this, though, so I ran the data through a Pearson correlation calculator.* Here’s the dataset in case you’d like to check my work:
As you can see, mathematically, as the proportion of a state that was Republican or leaned Republican in 2014 went up, so did the state’s per capita CO2 emissions. The value of R is 0.549, a moderate positive correlation. R2: 0.3014.
For the sake of thoroughness, I performed the same calculation for the Democrats. Here’s that dataset:
April 7, 2017 Economics, Environment, Food, Global Warming, Green, Health, Morality, Philosophy, Psychology, SustainabilityArizona Humanist
Harris: Well, all of this segues rather nicely into our own moral horror of continuing to eat meat despite the fact that we are convinced ethically by the arguments against it. I mean, we have failures of impulse control, we have a long-running commitment to dietary practices that we find indefensible. In fact, we may be indistinguishable from this doctor in terms of the clarity with which we have ambled into evil.
Bloom: No, no. It’s an easy exercise to imagine what a hundred years from now, what we do now will be seen as monstrous. The treatment of non-human animals is obvious. I think our indifference to the suffering of the very poor is another example. I could think of some other more controversial cases.
[I]f you look at the numbers, we may be causing more suffering to nonhumans than ever before because we’re breeding for their meat.
Bloom: And, I do think, you know, it’s such — so many people eat meat everyone, just about everybody I know that it’s easy to make light of. But we’re complicit in the horrific suffering of many, many creatures. This may be — you know, our mutual friend Steve Pinker wrote a book on human moral progress and I think 99% of the book is correct, but I think that, if you look at the numbers, we may be causing more suffering to nonhumans than ever before because we’re breeding for their meat.
Harris: Yeah, let’s take the ethics of meat-eating more or less from the top. So you and I both agree that we are participating in a system that is on some basic level ethically indefensible. Factory farming is just a horror show. We both know that if we had to work in an abattoir, we would never stomach it. We would never do it. I know that I’m not going to go out and kill a cow to get my next hamburger, and I certainly wouldn’t immiserate one for every moment of its life on the way to the killing floor to get my next hamburger. And yet the fact that I participate in a system that does this knowingly more or less condemns me as a total hypocrite. That’s kind of the basic situation. Are there any other moving parts there you want to add?
Factory farming is just a horror show. And yet the fact that I participate in a system that does this knowingly more or less condemns me as a total hypocrite.
Bloom: I think ethically this isn’t a very hard case I’ve heard defenses of meat-eating, and they’re some of the worst arguments I’ve ever heard in my life: “Animals don’t feel pain.” “Humans have a right to do whatever they want.” “It’s natural.” You know, the arguments which wouldn’t be taken seriously in any other domain, arguments that are just born out of guilt and bad faith. So I think it’s clear enough that what we do to animals is wrong. You know, to some extent, we could ask ourselves, talking about the doctor and other cases, “What’s it like to knowingly do evil?” And I think this is what it feels like. We know what it’s like to knowingly do evil. All I’ll sort of nibble at around the edges is it’s not really hypocrisy. I think a nicer term for it is this word “akrasia” — it’s weakness of will. We know the right thing to do. We’re not shy about saying what the right thing to do is. We just can’t do it.
Harris: Well, the question is — so let’s just expand the picture a little bit. One question is what would be the best way to change this. You know I’m someone who’s supportive of natural, grass fed, more ethically sustainable ways of raising animals insofar as it’s easy to do that. I don’t make crazy sacrifices so as to only get meat or chicken or eggs or milk that has come by the most ethical sources. Which is to say, I’ll go to a restaurant and I will eat like a non-vegetarian and not interrogate them about where they get all their meat.
But it seems pretty clear that the system could be improved significantly and make it far less horrible. These animals could have much better lives than they do and that would be a good thing and that demand for that kind of meat would probably be more effective than some percentage of people defecting as vegans or vegetarians. Obviously this is a totally tendentious and self-serving meat-eater sort of argument except it might also have the virtue of being true. Well, before we totally close the door to it, just take a peek across that threshold: Is there any merit in saying that one could more effectively help farm animals by being a conscientious consumer of meat?
I guess this is almost like the trophy hunters saying that they are in fact conservationists by going to Africa and killing some number of lions and paying for the privilege, they are in fact the best conservationists. There may be some merit to that argument too. Kindly either support or disabuse me of all that.
Bloom: I’m actually on the same page on this. Peter Singer, who’s of course very powerfully supported vegetarian movements, very much protested against the suffering of animals, has at different times has been sort of thoughtful on the issue of humanely-raised animals. His point, and my point, is that the badness of the act isn’t necessarily killing animals to eat them. It’s not clear whether that’s a bad thing, particularly if the animals didn’t exist prior to your intervention.
Harris: The thing is that, before we blow past that: I agree, though, I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t do it. In fact, I know I wouldn’t like myself if I became so callous as to be happy to do it. You know, if I just got into the hang of it. You know, “Killing cows horrified me initially, but once I killed a hundred of them, you know, I just didn’t really care because damn I love a good hamburger.” I don’t want to be that person.
“Killing cows horrified me initially, but once I killed a hundred of them, you know, I just didn’t really care because damn I love a good hamburger.” I don’t want to be that person.
Bloom: That’s interesting. That’s sort of a Kantian view. So Kant, at one point — this is probably a misinterpretation — but said, “Look — you know, animals don’t matter in their own right, but you don’t want to make them suffer because it will corrode your feelings towards humans. It’ll make you into a worse person.” And it’s interesting — I also would find it hard to kill animals just because I would have a natural repugnance towards doing it.
Harris: But I certainly don’t take the Kantian view that they don’t matter in their own right; I think they they certainly matter in their own right to the degree that they can suffer or be deprived of happiness or due to the degree that their conscious. So, for instance if we could raise anencephalic animals, so brainless cows who have by definition no experience but they’re just basically — synthetic biology is the ultimate case of this, or synthetic meat is the ultimate case of this —
Bloom: So I’ll plant my flag in a couple of things. First thing, you know there may be problems with killing humanely-raised animals, but that’s a hard case, and I think it would be such a step up to move up to humanely-raised animals from what we have now. It would cost more and there’s issues — there’s sort of a classist issue about encouraging people to do this. But I think that’d be such a moral step because I think what goes wrong in what we’re doing now isn’t killing the animals, it’s causing the suffering, causing the pain.
Harris: But don’t you think — so I don’t want to let us off the hook too quickly there because each one of these stations you blow past makes it that much more likely that you’re going to get your Thanksgiving dinner with a full spread and a turkey harvested one way or the other. My first ethical concern is, I mean, forget about the details of how horrible it is for the animals and what changes we might make there. If you know that you would find it ethically repugnant to kill an animal and to kill animals day after day so as to secure your protein, you wouldn’t want to live this way. You’d much rather pet a cow than kill it with a stun gun or by any other method. If you know you’re that kind of person and you wouldn’t want to be any other kind of person, doesn’t it seem just transparently unethical to be willing to delegate that process to others and just keep it you know out of sight out of mind and go on eating meat however raised?
Bloom: If you find it morally repellent to kill animals, yes. If you find it morally repellent to kill animals if you were the killer, then you shouldn’t be demanding other people do it for your sake. On the other hand if you just find it repellent or unpleasant, that’s kind of different. I might be pro-choice but not have the stomach to do abortions. I may not have the temperament to be a prison guard, but that doesn’t mean that to be consistent I have to be against prisons.
Bloom: On the other hand, if I said to be a prison guard would be morally repellent, then I should be against prisons. If it’s morally repellent that implies there’s a better alternative and I should be…. So, it depends. If you believe that killing the cows — those humane cows — is wrong for you to do it yourself, then that really does raise an issue with your belief about eating meat in general. On the other hand, if you just didn’t have the stomach for it, that’s kind of a different case. I don’t think that should stop you from eating meat.
If you find it morally repellent to kill animals if you were the killer, then you shouldn’t be demanding other people do it for your sake.
Harris. Right. Well, I think I come down on the side of it being wrong — what complicates it for me is there’s the pleasure to which I’m marginally attached. Yeah, I like eating meat certainly some of the time. I’m a little squeamish about it at other times. But I also just have this feeling that we don’t understand human health and nutrition enough. The fact that there’s any controversy at all about what human beings should eat so as to be healthy, I find to be an incredible scientific embarrassment, the fact that you can have debates about carbs and protein and fat consummated in good faith by experts and there’s still some uncertainty here is an amazing state of our current situation in science.
The fact that there’s any controversy at all about what human beings should eat so as to be healthy, I find to be an incredible scientific embarrassment.
But my concern is that there is enough uncertainty and my brief experience of 6 years as a vegetarian convinced me that it’s hard enough to be sure you’re getting everything you need — or at least it was then — that I’m leery of doing it for health reasons and, when I think about raising kids as vegetarians, and especially as vegans, then it begins to look like a poorly-controlled science experiment. I see people who are raising vegan kids and now I’m going to hear from them. You know, they’re going to be outraged that I have any doubt whatsoever that you could raise healthy vegan kids but–
Harris: But I have significant doubts on that score, and there’s certainly no biological or evolutionary guarantee that this is an easy or straightforward thing to do. And when you know you have to supplement B12 and who knows what else, you really should be supplementing so as to get things right. And so part of this is just laziness, not wanting to have what I eat and what I feed my kids become such a life-consuming project as a vegetarian or vegan where I have to be absolutely sure that I have all the dials tweaked appropriately. It’s just easier to eat meat sometimes and fish sometimes and be reasonably sure that I’m getting everything that a human needs to get.
[T]hat laziness, given the magnitude of the suffering we’re imposing on non-human animals, that laziness is a horrible thing about me.
But that laziness given the magnitude of the suffering we’re imposing on non-human animals, that laziness is a horrible thing about me. That laziness is not justifiable if you actually look closely at the details.
Bloom: There’s also a middle ground. I mean we don’t want to be in a position of saying, “Well, I couldn’t live if I gave 80% of my money to charity; therefore, I’ll give nothing.”* And to some extent — I share your concerns about living a vegan or even a vegetarian lifestyle, but I think then plainly if you restrict yourself to ethically-raised animals, plainly that’s much, much better and there there’s no health concerns. People could live just fine off of chickens who didn’t suffer as opposed to those who did. The question then is to how to sort of mandate such shifts, either a radical shift to making everybody vegetarian or vegan or a more moderate shift of you know making people eat animals that didn’t suffer as much. And I think there is an interesting difference between first-order and second-order prohibitions. And there’s actually speaks to some broader political issues.
So it occurs to me talking about this with you that I would be very reluctant to try to commit to only eating ethically-raised animals. It would be very hard and inconvenient. I’d have to embarrass myself at restaurants — I’d have to be that guy, and I don’t want to be that guy questioning the waiter and having other people roll their eyes. And you know I accept that that’s an awful excuse for participating in the suffering of animals, but there it is.
I’d have to be that guy, and I don’t want to be that guy questioning the waiter and having other people roll their eyes. And you know I accept that that’s an awful excuse for participating in the suffering of animals, but there it is.
Bloom: By analogy, I don’t think I have it in me to donate a huge amount of my money to help the suffering poor, but I’d be in favor of taxes that took my money and redistributed in such a way. And so the first order versus the second order contrast is very different. I think we’re in favor of policies because it takes it out of our hands because we know we’re not unique, we know we’re not the one sort of sucker opting out while everyone else gets to eat the meat or keep the money. And some of this speaks to the limit of individual free choice and why sometimes we’d want to choose to be constrained in certain ways.
Harris: Yeah, I think that’s a great point it’s a point that has arisen on other topics for me just the utility and just the fundamental difference of a systemic change as opposed to having to wake up every morning and rely on your own heroism and commitment to some sort of internal discipline. I think the biggest changes for us morally just across the board as a species and as a civilization will come at the second-order level. It can’t be that we just get every person to fully optimize his or her ethical code so as to be impeccable. We need legal and institutional changes which enshrine our better judgment there. So I think that’s true but we can obviously we can’t keep killing and immiserating animals with a clear conscience until some benevolent despot passes that law for us. We can’t abdicate personal responsibility here.
[W]e can’t keep killing and immiserating animals with a clear conscience until some benevolent despot passes that law for us.
Bloom: No, we can’t. I think every person — this isn’t what I want to say it’s not meant as an excuse — but every person living, every person listening to this now probably from the affluent West has to live a significant burden of guilt for all the things that they’re doing and all the things they’re not doing and all the things — and if you don’t live with that burden of guilt, you’re either a saint or you’re a moral ignoramus. You’re either a saint because you’re doing all the right things or you’re somebody who is morally blind to the harms you’re causing and the good things that you should be doing and you’re not.
Harris: This is a dangerous conversation to have had because we’re going to hear from some deeply unsatisfied people, unsatisfied about our ignorance of just how easy it is to live a happy healthy life as a parent feeding nothing but vegetables and a few well targeted pharmaceuticals to your kids and just the flabbiness of our commitment to our own ethical insights.
Harris: Maybe I’m burdening us with too much self-flattery here. So just to make something truly constructive of this, I want to keep the conversation open, I’m inviting the vegetarians and vegans among our listeners to send me the best resources they have. So understand that I am convinced of the moral case. And the question is how to idiot-proof vegetarianism and/or veganism. This is another wrinkle we’re walking into here because vegans I think will say some vegans will say that merely being a vegetarian, which is to say being willing to eat eggs and dairy products, that is not an ethical place to stop on this slippery slope, that, in fact, hen-laying chickens and milk producing cows suffer as much as any animal. Is that something that you understand to be true or do you think that vegetarianism is a fully defensible ethical position?
Bloom: It’s a case-by-case thing. I think that the vegans are right about eggs and milk and all the problems revolving around that. I think some forms some certain types of shellfish, there isn’t a moral issue because they don’t have — they’re probably not sentient. All I would say is that right now we’ve confessed to living terrible lives. If people could persuade us with somewhat less terrible lives that would be a sensible progress.
Harris: I’m not satisfied with the mirror confession because I think it’s — just step back from being ourselves for a moment and just look over our shoulders at what we’ve just confessed: We are two people who have admitted to participating in a system that is not only — and sometimes objectively — bad but perhaps so bad as to be the kind of thing that will be on the short list of embarrassments to our descendants, so that you look back at the excesses of the Middle Ages and you think how on earth could those people have behaved that way — they’re burning witches alive — witches didn’t even exist — but you know they’re burning their neighbors alive for imaginary crimes. What the hell was going on? And we’re both conceding that the way we raise and treat and consume animals year after year is probably that order or analogous to slavery. And yet we’re to some degree blithely participating in it and not really signaling much of a willingness to change.
So, let me perhaps throw you to the wolves here. I’m going to signal my own willingness to change and so get ready, you know, now your reputation is destroyed. (laughing) You know, “I don’t know why I had this guy one my podcast.” Moral monsters like you just don’t belong on my podcast, Paul. But I’m appealing to my listeners vegan / vegetarian to send me some streamlined information on how to idiot-proof this process and the clearest argument that you can do this without obvious deficits in your health, and I’m signaling my willingness to explore this, whether this is going to be my posting my pre- and post-blood work to my blog, I don’t know, but I’m going to investigate further.
But, the parenting responsibility does change it for me a little. Experimenting on myself on the order of a decade seems different than you know having a 19-month old who I have to figure out whether or not she should eat chicken. In any case, to make something constructive out of this rather than just reap the whirlwind, I want the conversation to continue. Send me good information and I will post it to my blog.
Bloom: Well fine, Sam. You seem to be out-moral-signaling me here. I’d also like to add that I would be highly receptive to any instructions that people have about living a more moral life with regard to eating of animals. Please send them to Sam. And Sam will keep me appraised on what he hears. And I will tell you for total certainty I am not going to post my fucking blood work on any blog.
Bloom: My blood work is my blood work. In the age of social media and Internet, some things are sacred.
Harris: Right. No, I think it would be an interesting experiment to run. I’m sure you know many people have done this but to see just how things change over the course of, I don’t know, three months or so. I’m just, you know — I certainly did become anemic last time around and no doubt 20 people tell me how I was an idiot and how I could have easily supplemented my way out of that problem. In any case, I’m willing to experiment with this and — do you know if Singer or anyone has spent time on how to engineer the second-order changes that would really be helpful if not creating a vegan earth, creating one that won’t be an embarrassment to our descendants?
Bloom: It’s not a literature I’ve studied. I know singers weighed in on the benefits of a laboratory-raised meat and other alternatives like that. You know he’s — there are some vegans — I think there’s an irrational school of vegans — who would object even to laboratory-raised meat. But I can’t capture that the moral arguments for that and I won’t try.
Harris: But strangely they seem to want their tofu to be shaped like meat and look like meat and taste like meat and be called…
Bloom: Tofurkey. I think that the best progress will be made by using the tools we’ve had with some success for other cultural and social changes, like you know people quitting smoking are putting their money into retirement savings and so on. I think some of the techniques that the Nudge people are on about Cass Sunstein and Richard Thaler and others might have some success in this domain. And I think in the end, legislation would do a world of good. Sometimes we need a Leviathan to help us be better people. But having said that — I know it’s a cop-out for me to say, you know, “Stop me before I kill again.”
I think in the end, legislation would do a world of good. Sometimes we need a Leviathan to help us be better people.
Bloom: So, you know, I won’t necessarily wait myself for legislation before becoming a morally better person.
In my experience, people simply don’t know what a wretched life the average cow, pig, or chicken lives. This is probably partly by design and partly due to the fact that we simply don’t want to know.
This is actually not so far-fetched. A major argument against eating meat is that animal agriculture is generally much more environmentally detrimental than plant agriculture. Test tube meat might become perfectly palatable but still be environmentally unsustainable. Also keep in mind, if you will, that the best argument Bloom could produce for why this dilemma should exist is that he doesn’t want to be embarrassed when he goes out to dinner.
Do vegans and vegetarians themselves really want this or is this an attempt to make the meat substitutes more palatable to omnivores?
January 26, 2017 Health, Morality, Philosophy, Religion, Reproduction, SustainabilityArizona Humanist
There are a few good studies that may help us figure out what to do about abortion. In a recent study, researchers at the Guttmacher Institute and the World Health Organization found that making abortion legal neither increases nor decreases abortion rates.
In another study, researchers at the Washington University School of Medicine found that making birth control widely available did reduce the abortion rate by 62–78%.
In a 2006 study, WHO researchers estimated the number of maternal deaths worldwide from women obtaining illegal abortions to be 68,000. Millions more women, they say, have complications, many for the rest of their lives.
To me, these studies are sufficient to direct us in forming reproduction-related policy. However, I recognize that a lot of people are uncomfortable with abortion based on religious beliefs. The contention of people basing their opinion of abortion on the Bible seems generally to be that a fertilized egg has the same status as a person. If a zygote is a person, then the commandment to not kill must surely apply.
The closest thing in the Bible that I can find related to abortion is a passage from Exodus 21, verses 22-25. Here is the direct quote from Jehovah from the New Jerusalem Bible used on Catholic.org:
If people, when brawling, hurt a pregnant woman and she suffers a miscarriage but no further harm is done, the person responsible will pay compensation as fixed by the woman’s master, paying as much as the judges decide. If further harm is done, however, you will award life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burn for burn, wound for wound, stroke for stroke.
No indication here is given of the stage of development. The fetus could have been 8 weeks along or 8 months along. To reiterate: if the fetus is killed, Jehovah demands a fine; if the mother is killed, Jehovah demands “life for life” or “wound for wound.” Jehovah clearly does not view a fetus at any stage of development as equal to a person.
The Exodus passage will probably seem familiar if you’ve ever looked at the Code of Hammurabi (the oldest known code of laws after the Code of Ur-Nammu): “If a man strike a free-born woman so that she lose her unborn child, he shall pay ten shekels for her loss. If the woman die, his daughter shall be put to death.”
As we edge ever closer to the start of a reality TV star’s presidency, we may pause for a moment to remember an almost-remarkable non-celebrity who also died this year. What did he do? Well, in his own words, “I grabbed smallpox right by its pustule-covered pussy and had non-consensual sex with it until it died.”
Weird question: how many people do you think know his name compared to the names of, say, Taylor Swift or RiRi?
Before the basically worthless, unrememberable Henderson came along, smallpox had killed upwards of half a billion-with-a-“b” people in just the 20th century.
Stavros Anestidis was born in 1960 in İstanbul. Upon graduating from the İstanbul French Saint-Michel Private High School, he completed his undergraduate and graduate studies at the Political Science Department of University of Athens. Since 2002, Anestidis works as the assistant manager at the Asia Minor Research Center. In his talk, he focused on the history of Asia Minor Research Center and the processes of collecting, cataloging and opening to the researchers the archival documents on the Rum populations of İstanbul and Anatolia.
The AZLRO needs to run Eagle Creek sometime in the future. We recently did it with the 4x4 club at work, and it was a blast. 3 days, two nights, and so many water crossings you lose count. Here is the trip report my colleague wrote:
This is the forced sex site we’ve been waiting for a long time! Inside the Slava Film Extreme you will find something that you won’t be able to find anywhere else. Amazing forced sex videos directly from the people who make it. One hundred percent exclusive footage featuring sweet little girls and sexy babes as well as hot mature women being forced to sex! They get huge dicks forced into every hole on their sweet bodies and resulting screams of horror is music to my ears. Watching brutal forced sex videos inside the Slava Film Extreme always makes my dick harder than steel no matter how tired I am. That’s why I love this site and always recommend it to my friends. Check it out now and I promise that you will not be disappointed!
Cruel Planet is relatively fresh forced sex site. It’s been out for couple of years but don’t worry it does have a lot of content inside of it. It had a lot when it was first launched and it has great reputation of being frequently updated with exclusive forced sex videos to keep things interesting and its users happy. Inside the Cruel Planet one can find all sorts of forced sex movies featuring every possible scenario in which a girl is being forced to sex against her will. Sometimes one guy does it, sometimes two and sometimes you see a whole gang of cruel men brutalizing a sweet teenage girl who screams, fights then cries and begs for mercy. She can beg all she wants but it will not do her any good because at Cruel Planet guys force bitches to fuck until they can’t move any more!
Well, Forced Sex Scenes gives you exactly what you expect, all kinds of amazing forced sex videos non stop. When it was first conceived the goal was to bring its members an unsurpassed forced sex porn experience and they’ve done it. Forced Sex Scenes is a beautiful site to be a member of. Navigation is easy and never confusing and the most important part is that content is exclusive, of very high quality and the quantity of it is simply mind blowing! There are numerous forced sex videos featuring all kinds of possible scenarios and showing the prettiest little girls and grown young ladies being forced to sex in perverted and brutal ways! Inside the Forced Sex Scenes you can download all the videos you can handle and it never disappoints!
Most Brutal Videos is the forced sex site you want to visit. It is a masterpiece really. Most Brutal Videos contains so much forced sex porn that hardly will ever need to look for it elsewhere. I’ve been a dedicated fan of brutal forced sex for years now and I’ve been a member of many sites but Most Brutal Videos kept me the longest and in fact, I still am a member right from the start. Why is that you may ask and the answer is simple, overall quality of experience is hard to beat and in fact I don’t think any other site out there does. Watch endless hours of brutal forced sex movies inside and enjoy witnessing the sickest and most hardcore forced sex action ever filmed on camera. Check this site out right now and enjoy the show!
How about getting an unlimited access to an amazing collection of forced sex porn videos? If you want it, you can have it at My Brutal Collection and boy this is more fun than half a gallon of red ants! All kinds of hot women starting from barely legal teenagers and sexy grown babes to ripe mature ladies are being sexually abused by men who don’t care much about anything except for keeping their cocks well lubed by warm, wet mouths and for them it doesn’t matter if a girl wants to do it or not! These fuckers force their women to sex and stuff their holes with huge, throbbing cocks, tearing them up to shreds and making them scream in pain and terror as they rip them apart against their will! Watch these forced sex video now and enjoy the show!
Hard Home Video is a pretty interesting concept for a forced sex site. The idea behind it is that acts of forced sex accidentally get captured on camera and then shared with you. It all is styled that way and frankly speaking it works very well. I like the feel of authenticity about these forced sex videos which makes them more exciting and fun to watch and wank off to. What I love about Hard Home Videos is that they feature a lot of movies about being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Accidental forced sex is such a turn on that I keep coming back every day for my fix of the stuff. Hard Home Videos is a site built by professionals and it is never confusing and they make a point of updating it on regular basis with great, all exclusive forced sex videos. Highly recommended!
Home made forced incest sex is valued high among violent perverts such as me and you and that’s exactly the reason why I want to tell you a little bit about this hot new forced incest sex site called Shocking Home Movies! This site features endless loads of such home made forced incest videos and the amazing thing people behind Shocking Home Movies were able to pull of is that every video looks and feels 100% authentic! The level of cruelty and perversion is very high and I especially enjoyed watching old fathers forcing their young, teenager daughters to brutal sex, stuffing their throats with cock and ripping their cute, pink virgin ass holes to shreds with their huge cocks. Shocking Home Movies has these and many more son forcing mom and brother forcing sister to sex kind of movies and they are all fantastic!
Family Violation is a real hardcore, rough incest porn site that is full of great content. Inside the Family Violation you will find incest porn videos featuring members of one family breaking a taboo and having sex with other. Some want it a lot and some don’t want it at all and they have to be forced to do it. But inevitably all of them like it just way too much and what’s not to like? You know and love all the people you fuck and a good hard dick or a wet, hot pussy is always around. Watch fathers seduce and sodomize their teenager daughters and sometimes even their sons. But fathers are not the only ones who do it, some moms out there enjoy having sex with their sons and having their daughters lick pussy and suck clit! Don’t miss!
Incest porn sounds very appealing and indeed it is. Where else can you witness such widely banned form of sex? You won’t go peeping on your neighbors trying to find those who practice incest sex in privacy of their homes that’s for sure. This is where Banned Family Porn comes into play! This site features some of the best incest porn videos and pictures showing you stuff that will not only shock you, but will make your cock rock hard and banging on your pants, trying to make a hole. Go ahead let it out and grab it tight cos you are about to see mind blowing incest action happening between daughters and fathers and sons and mothers as well as brothers and sisters! Sometimes all of them come together for a family gangbang!
Incest on Video sure is a fun incest porn site that everybody loves. The secret is that incest porn videos inside the Incest on Video member’s area appear to be made by amateurs. By the very people who fuck their mothers or suck their fathers cocks. Once you watch at least one of these perverted yet so fucking hot videos you are hooked for life and can’t live a day without getting your daily fix of real, home made amateur incest porn videos. I’ve been around this site for a while and I’m happy to inform you that it updates on regular basis and it’s been around for a while which means that it already has a lot of incest porn videos. You will never be disappointed with what Incest On Video gives you. Believe me, these guys know how to keep you a happy customer!
What I love the most about Family Porn Movies is sheer perversion of the whole idea. I mean incest has got to be the most perverted thing out there and it sure is exciting to watch. Where else would you see uncensored footage of a hot mature mother walking in on her masturbating son and instead of punishing him actually kneel down to suck that hard, throbbing dick?! Or where else would you go to watch a horny father seduce and fuck the crap out of his hot teenage daughter. Here inside the Family Porn Movies these sick families share their private videos with you, letting you in on the ultimate secret they keep from anyone else. Don’t miss your opportunity to watch the hottest amateur incest sex videos and check out this site now!
Have you ever wondered what really goes on behind the closed doors of homes where perverted incest infested families live? Wonder no more because now you have Cruel Family, a site that shows you uncensored footage of incest forced sex happening in homes right next door to your own. Them neighbors might seem nice but every evening a father is forcing his teenage daughter and his son, her brother often joins him! This is just one shocking scene example to give you the taste of what’s going on inside the Cruel Family. Check it out now and watch horny brothers forcing their own sisters, fathers rape daughters and sick sons forcing their moms to suck and ride their dicks. Women scream, their pussies bleed as their loved one force huge cocks all the way in!
There are unlucky women out there who have been forced to sex more than once, but it’s that first time forced sex that counts and sticks in girl’s memory forever! First Forced Sex features shocking, underground forced sex movies of first time forced sexual abuse. Poor girls are stunned the sudden brutality unleashed upon their innocent bodies. Many are virgins and they scream like wounded beasts when huge, foul smelling cocks penetrate their pussies and tear hymens to shreds, causing unbearable pain and making them bleed real hard. On exclusive videos inside the First Forced Sex you will be able to see a real terror filling the eyes of forced sex victims and hear them screaming in horror and pain while they are being brutally forced for the first time in their lives!
Cruel Movies is one forced sex site I like to visit the most, especially when I feel like watching fresh, never seen before footage of brutal forced sex of innocent teen girls and grown young women. Cruel Movies built its name on the fact that this site is regularly updated with exclusive forced sex movies that have that irreplaceable authentic feel to them. Watching one of the films on Cruel Movies gives you the chills and most of the time you just sit there, slack jawed, grabbing your hard dick tight and not believing the sheer level of brutality you see on your screen. Young teen girls and hot babes are being forced to all kinds of sex including anal and big dicks rip their pussies and assholes to shreds! When it comes to watching girls fucked against their will, no one comes close to Cruel Movies!
Sometimes there are good mothers out there, ones who let you do whatever the fuck is it you want to. They give you money and never nag you for every little thing and then again there are moms that are fucking unbearable at times, always on your case for something. Check out the Punished Moms and watch sons strike back and force their own mothers to sex when they cross the line with their constant nagging. These boys go crazy and force their huge, relentless cocks up momma’s pussy, filming it on camera and making the best incest forced sex videos you can imagine. Watch and hear poor moms scream in pain and terror as their beloved sons force cocks into pussies they came from not that long ago. Punished Moms combines everything you love about quality incest forced sex and you don’t want to miss out on it!
Welcome to the Sexual Violence a forced sex site that makes every dream come true, even the most perverted ones. Inside the Sexual Violence one may find sick and extremely perverted forced sex videos that will not only make your cock hard but keep it that way for weeks! Watch violent men ambush, abduct and bring their victims to remote locations in the woods or to some abandoned buildings where they enjoy abusing them, playing with their hot, naked bodies like cats play with mice they are about to kill. But don’t worry these guys won’t kiss these bitches, though they will force them to have sex against their will and you can bet that they will force them to anal sex as well! Sexual Violence gives you a perfect opportunity to enjoy one of the best forced sex porn out there whenever you want!
Exploited Bitches has long been one of my favorite forced sex sites, since the day it was launched. The idea behind Exploited Bitches is quite brilliant and to tell you the truth pretty amazing. We all have or had girlfriends and many of us have to put up with all sorts of bitching and nagging and all kinds of girly shit like that. But women aren’t supposed to say much! They supposed to shut up and suck cocks and that’s what guys in Exploited Bitches force their girlfriends to do! They fuck their faces, pussies and tight little ass holes against their will and if bitch is crying or screaming they slap her around like a dollar whore and stuff her mouth with hard dicks, forcing them deep down her throat. Exploited Bitches teaches you how to treat your women right and forced sex porn has never been better!
Brutal Family in an incest forced sex site that shows you shocking footage of sexual abuse that is going on behind closed doors of your average suburban home. These things rarely get out that’s why we have no idea how widespread forced incest really is. Check out these mind blowing forced incest sex videos right now and enjoy watching fathers forcing their cute teenage daughters to oral and anal sex as well as plunging their huge cock deep inside those pink little pussies. Man forced incest sex is such perverted thing yet I can’t help but watch more videos everyday and ones inside the Brutal Family are the best! Watching brothers forcing their sisters and mothers to sex looks and feels just too good to pass up!
Boy, I wish I had a mother like that, the one who loves her sons so very much she would actually let them lick and fuck her pussy! Oh yeah, there are moms like that out there and they have some lucky sons. Mom Son Gang Bangs opens doors of suburban homes where such families live and let us see two and sometimes more brothers having wild sex with their horny mom, fucking the crap out of her always dick hungry pussy. This is one of the best incest porn sites I have ever seen and it is full of exciting footage that never fails to make your cock rock hard and really gives you desire to fuck your own mom! Check it out right now and enjoy witnessing fantastic Mom Son Gang Bangs and wanking off to each and every single one of them!
Sometimes a boy wants to have sex with a girl and he goes to great lengths to do that. Boy spends money, buys flowers, and writes poems even, all in vain. His girl just won’t give up her pussy for whatever reasons and sometimes she will, but not to our love crazed boy. Sounds familiar? I bet every man goes through this kind shit at least once and my advice is to Force Her! Hell yeah, show her who’s the man and force that bitch to suck your cock and take it up her tight little pussy and virgin ass! Make her scream like a banshee in horror and pain while you forcing your cock into her. This amazing forced sex site called Force Her has tons of forced sex videos that will show you how its done. Check it out right now!
Real men are not nice, they are not romantic and they sure don’t take crap from women! Welcome to the Domination TV and watch how real men treat women they way they are supposed to be treated. They don’t work hard to get sex, they force bitches to do whatever the hell man wants! If guy feels like getting a blowjob, he grabs the bitch by her hair and forces his big cock into her mouth and deep down her throat, pumping her nice and hard, shooting his load into her mouth. Domination TV is full of high quality, all exclusive forced sex videos and pics featuring sexy, beautiful women being forced to sex in many perverted ways, each of them more brutal than the other. Check out Domination TV now and enjoy the show!
Brutally Raped is a forced sex site that been around for quite some time now and during that time it was updated in regular basis which resulted in accumulation of absolutely insane amounts of high quality forced sex content. The sheer quantity of forced sex videos inside the Brutally Rape is astonishing and you are going to spend months watching it all and by the time you done, there will be more fresh stuff for you to see. All kind of hot, young women are being raped by violent men in front of the camera on videos from Brutally Raped. Bitches cry, scream, fight and beg for mercy but no mercy is coming their way anytime soon! Don’t miss most perverted and hardcore forced sex videos inside the amazing Brutally Raped!
Maniac Tales is a brand new forced sex site devoted to adventures of a serial rapist who enjoys stalking, abducting and forcing his victims to sex in brutal and cruel ways. Maniac Tales is full of exclusive forced sex videos you can’t find anywhere else. This guy is your average Joe, middle aged man with a friendly smile and dark, black soul. He is a real pro at what he does and once he sets his sights on a victim you can be sure that he will do what he plans. He will stalk her and learn her patterns, he will carefully plan and execute the abduction and ones the girl is bagged he is going to force her in ways that are brutal beyond imagination. I’ve seen some sick forced sex porn before but this is insane and I love it and I highly recommend you see it too!
Please support our sponsors and let them know you heard about their products on Cruisers Forums. Advertise Here
Our communities encompass many different hobbies and interests, but each one is built on friendly, intelligent membership.
Our Marine websites focus on Cruising and Sailing Vessels, including forums and the largest cruising Wiki project on the web today.
Serializability of a class is enabled by the class implementing the java.io.Serializable interface. Classes that do not implement this interface will not have any of their state serialized or deserialized. All subtypes of a serializable class are themselves serializable. The serialization interface has no methods or fields and serves only to identify the semantics of being serializable.
Classes that require special handling during the serialization and deserialization process must implement special methods with these exact signatures:
The writeObject method is responsible for writing the state of the object for its particular class so that the corresponding readObject method can restore it. The default mechanism for saving the Object's fields can be invoked by calling out.defaultWriteObject. The method does not need to concern itself with the state belonging to its superclasses or subclasses. State is saved by writing the individual fields to the ObjectOutputStream using the writeObject method or by using the methods for primitive data types supported by DataOutput.
The readObject method is responsible for reading from the stream and restoring the classes fields. It may call in.defaultReadObject to invoke the default mechanism for restoring the object's non-static and non-transient fields. The defaultReadObject method uses information in the stream to assign the fields of the object saved in the stream with the correspondingly named fields in the current object. This handles the case when the class has evolved to add new fields. The method does not need to concern itself with the state belonging to its superclasses or subclasses. State is saved by writing the individual fields to the ObjectOutputStream using the writeObject method or by using the methods for primitive data types supported by DataOutput.
Serializable classes that need to designate an alternative object to be used when writing an object to the stream should implement this special method with the exact signature:
This writeReplace method is invoked by serialization if the method exists and it would be accessible from a method defined within the class of the object being serialized. Thus, the method can have private, protected and package-private access. Subclass access to this method follows java accessibility rules.
Classes that need to designate a replacement when an instance of it is read from the stream should implement this special method with the exact signature.
The serialization runtime associates with each serializable class a version number, called a serialVersionUID, which is used during deserialization to verify that the sender and receiver of a serialized object have loaded classes for that object that are compatible with respect to serialization. If the receiver has loaded a class for the object that has a different serialVersionUID than that of the corresponding sender's class, then deserialization will result in an InvalidClassException. A serializable class can declare its own serialVersionUID explicitly by declaring a field named "serialVersionUID" that must be static, final, and of type long:
If a serializable class does not explicitly declare a serialVersionUID, then the serialization runtime will calculate a default serialVersionUID value for that class based on various aspects of the class, as described in the Java(TM) Object Serialization Specification. However, it is strongly recommended that all serializable classes explicitly declare serialVersionUID values, since the default serialVersionUID computation is highly sensitive to class details that may vary depending on compiler implementations, and can thus result in unexpected InvalidClassExceptions during deserialization. Therefore, to guarantee a consistent serialVersionUID value across different java compiler implementations, a serializable class must declare an explicit serialVersionUID value. It is also strongly advised that explicit serialVersionUID declarations use the private modifier where possible, since such declarations apply only to the immediately declaring class--serialVersionUID fields are not useful as inherited members.
cause - the cause (which is saved for later retrieval by the Throwable.getCause() method). (A null value is permitted, and indicates that the cause is nonexistent or unknown.)
The Department of Computer Science at the University of Cyprus holds research colloquiums and social hours approximately once weekly. All university students, faculty, and staff are invited to attend. Notifications about new and upcoming events are automatically disseminated to a variety of institutional lists.
Colloquium: Multi-Engine Data Analytics, Dr. Dimitrios Tsoumakos (Department of Informatics of the Ionian University, Greece), Monday, October 3, 2016, 15:00-16:00 EET.
Colloquium: Prototype-based classifiers and their application in the life sciences, Dr. Michael Biehl (University of Groningen, Netherlands), Tuesday, September 27, 2016, 14:00-15:00 EET.
Colloquium: Machine learning: The efficiency of Hybrid algorithm, Dr. Suhail Odeh (Bethlehem University, Palestine), Thursday, July 7, 2016, 15:00-16:00 EET.
If you would like more information about how to print, save, and work with PDFs, Highwire Press provides a helpful Frequently Asked Questions about PDFs.
If you have already registered in Journal A, then how can you submit another article to Journal B? It takes two steps to make it happen:
Find the journal you want to submit to in CATEGORIES, click on “VIEW JOURNAL”, “Online Submissions”, “GO TO LOGIN” and “Edit My Profile”. Check “Author” on the “Edit Profile” page, then “Save”.
Go to “User Home”, and click on “Author” under the name of Journal B. You may start a New Submission by clicking on “CLICK HERE”.
We only use three mailboxes as follows to deal with issues about paper acceptance, payment and submission of electronic versions of our journals to databases: caooc@hotmail.com; css@cscanada.net; css@cscanada.org
Articles published in Canadian Social Science are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 (CC-BY).
The annual research poster workshop gives CSE graduate students an opportunity to display their research and receive recognition for their efforts. It also informs the CSE community about the research our students are conducting and has been a significant community-building activity for over a decade.
The annual CSE Research Open House provides an opportunity to tour our labs and experience how computer science is transforming the world.
Interesting, good to mention the level/scope of the talk up front. Good balance between giving info and going in depth vs. sharing links and just mentioning stuff.
Contrary to first impression, pinstriping isn't for amateurs. It takes talent and repetition to consistently create the desired outcome. Ebby's Auto Painting & Collision Repair in Williamsburg works closely with the vehicle owner before the striping begins. We provide customers with access to a full selection of colors, styles, widths and graphics, so they are able to make the exact statement they want.
Rather than struggle with feet of pinstriping tape, cleaning products, knives, towels and heat guns, save time by bringing your pinstriping projects to Ebby's.
I was very favorably impressed with the kindness and compassion from all the employees encountered at Ebby's Auto Painting. Some of your other customers were also nice to me, by giving me a ride home. The car looks great. Keep up the good work.
We use only OEM factory parts, quality replacement parts, and recycled parts. Each customer receives a written warranty on their repairs, in addition to the manufacturers warranty.
From a paint chip or fender bender to major damages, Ebby's can handle it. Click Here to get a free Estimate.
© Ebby’s Auto Painting & Collision Repair, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | SitemapPowered by AgileSite Lite
La importancia y el esfuerzo que como sociedad le dedicamos a la educación es realmente la clave.Alejandra Fuenzalida, gerente General de United Way Chile
The group put some sample data sheets on their board, including these two: data sheet one and data sheet two.
plant cell coloring page plant cell coloring page pics cell coloring worksheet plant cell coloring page with labels.
plant cell coloring page cell coloring page with plant and animal cell coloring page many cell coloring page with plant and animal cell coloring page many interesting plant cell biology corner plant c.
plant cell coloring page cell coloring page plant cell coloring sheet plant cell coloring sheet plant cell coloring sheet sci plant cell coloring page answers.
plant cell coloring page cell coloring page parts plant cell coloring page with labels cell coloring page plant cell coloring page answers.
Generic Linezolid breitband Linezolid rezeptfrei. Linezolid is used to treat different types of bacterial infections. Linezolid is the active ingredient in the popular medication Zyvox and is one of the most prescribed medications for treating indections. Order it now and enjoy a greatly reduced price compared to your local pharmacy! Linezolid is also marketed as: Zyvox, Zyvoxam, and Zyvoxid.
Barry’s note: Growing up, my family had a dog named “Chubby,” a beautiful tri-color collie mix. I did not name her “Chubby”; my parents did. They also named my sister “Elmer” but that is another story. This letter was sent by Chubby to “Dear Abby” and a copy was sent to our mail carrier, known in those pre-politically correct days as “the mailman.” Neither responded.
For a very long time now I have received no letters. Everyday, the mailman comes and delivers packages, mail and solicitations of every kind to the mailbox, but it is always for one of the other people living in my house. Because of this, I have developed a very deep-rooted anger towards the mailman which has affected my sleep. In my deepest dreams, I see him coming at me with a stick or can of pepper spray and now, when he comes to my house each day, I act in a very uncivilized manner, charging his truck as if I would chomp my fangs into his skinny calves. I bark ferociously as I do this, my tail bobbing up and down my legs as I chase his red, white, and blue mail truck. I stop each time, just short of his reach and proudly cock my head upwards and walk triumphantly back to the porch.
This has been going on now for some time, at least as long as last winter, and although I do not feel my behavior is especially abnormal, I have felt that sooner or later I will be confronted by the mailman at some social occasion and forced to respond to him in a civil manner as if nothing ever happened. We will be introduced and I will be expected to wag my tail, breathe heavily and perhaps even drool a bit as his calloused hand pats the top of my head or his bony fingers scratch the under part of my chin.
Although this probably does not seem like much to you, the thought of this eventual encounter has been plaguing my sleepless nights. Perhaps I should think twice about charging his truck each day, but I cannot seem to help myself as I feel an immense hostility towards him as a result of getting no mail. I know this is misplaced aggression and that my anger is misdirected. Perhaps I need professional help. What do you think?
Gene Weingarten, The Washington Post’s humor columnist, challenged Barry to a children’s songwriting contest and then published the song lyrics in his column.
The original topic he picked was to write a children’s song using the tune of Old McDonald Had a Farm that would be “an examination of the ethics of zoning laws; to wit, whether abridging the rights of property owners is justified by an over-arching need to maintain prudent community standards and provide a strong revenue stream of tax dollars.”
Will usually ship within same business day if paid before 16:00 PST, products purchansed later than 16: PST will be ship out the following business day. All oders received durning weekends, will be ship out the following business day.
Paid before 15:00 PST will be send out the same day, oders received durning weekends, will be ship out the following business day.
Archives Select Month September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017
Kamine Shuuta is a person who can see a person's heart (literally) whether its angry, wounded, broken, guarded, troubled etc... and because of this he's at his wits end, because he can't do anything about it. Tokisaka Hibiki is a saxophonist in the music club. Shuuta first listens to his saxophone on the terrace and wanted to ask something but Shuu… more Kamine Shuuta is a person who can see a person's heart (literally) whether its angry, wounded, broken, guarded, troubled etc... and because of this he's at his wits end, because he can't do anything about it. Tokisaka Hibiki is a saxophonist in the music club. Shuuta first listens to his saxophone on the terrace and wanted to ask something but Shuuta tells him to come to his performance later in the ongoing school festival. After seeing Hibiki's performance he see the notes of music as hands which can heal the wounded, tend the broken, break the shielded hearts in other words "seize the soul" of a person. After the performance Shuuta asks Hibiki "isn't there a person to whom your sound doesn't reach" when asked how he knew it Shuuta says although his sounds can seize hearts of others and move them but his own heart is guarded and is unmoved and troubled. Hibiki then takes Shuuta to his childhood friend Moko (Takizawa Momoko) who loved singing but became mute due to some reason. Shuuta sees her as a Sea of depression and despair Thus begins their journey to heal the heart with music. less
If your eyes are sometimes larger than your stomach, then you’ve probably discovered how difficult it is to navigate restaurant menus and supermarket aisles. Seemingly everything is ‘Family Size’ or ‘20 percent off!’ Then there’s the nutrition and serving-size label on the back: Can you only eat one row of that block of chocolate and stop?
But, fear not, despite food continuing to be served in bigger packages, you can keep your portions under control – to help your weight management goals and ensure proper nutrition intake – without feeling hungry or being tempted to consume too many calories. How much you eat can be nearly as important as what you eat, so here are some tips and strategies for portion control to help you maintain control of your weight-loss goals and healthy lifestyle.
Planning your daily and even weekly meals and snacks is one of the easiest ways to keep yourself on track to help avoid overindulging. After you cook and prepare your meals, divide up portions into containers for your next day’s lunch. Meats, poultry, dairy and many other staples can last for weeks when properly frozen and you’ll have prebuilt, portion-controlled plates for future meals.
We know fibre is crucial for your digestive tract but a wealth of science suggests fibre and protein work together to promote satiety or feeling ‘full’[1]. This correlates to fewer calories consumed by eating fruits and vegetables, whole grains, nuts and beans. Isagenix® Fibre Snacks™ are a delicious way to increase your fibre intake.
You’ve probably heard the expression ‘eat the rainbow’ when it comes to fruits and vegetables and for good reason. A popular rule of thumb is to leave half of your plate for produce with the remaining 50 percent split between a protein and either whole grains or legumes. Types of food on your plate (protein, good fats, fibre and carbohydrates) and even textures of your food can help your stomach reach satiety and feel full.
Put your fork down and take a sip of water every few minutes. Sometimes you might think you’re hungry but your body is actually telling you that it’s thirsty! Plus, drinking water makes you feel fuller and forces you to eat slower, which also helps with portion control!
Have you ever gone back for seconds only to realise that you weren’t really that hungry? When you are surrounded by delicious food you might not always feel full immediately after finishing a meal, so eating slower or taking a short break can give you time to determine whether you should refill your plate. Try extra chewing, putting down your silverware after each bite or even using utensils with your opposite hand to help you slow down and savour your food’s taste and texture.
The most convenient way to manage your portion sizes is by following an Isagenix System. Our Weight Loss Premium Pack or 30-Day Weight Loss System provide all the nutrition you need without the worry of over or undereating. Rather than spending extra time measuring your meals, put it towards a longer training session or use it to spend time with the people who mean the most to you.
ANZ.IsaFYI.com is your hub for the latest Isagenix news. Discover solutions for transforming your health and wealth and get recognised along the pathway to achieving your dreams. Bookmark us and subscribe to the RSS feed—we’re your connection to all things Isagenix.
The site is provided solely for your personal noncommercial use. You may not use the site or the materials available on the site in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by Isagenix. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the site.
I don't know about "ever," but I have a 15-gallon barrel of homebrew B100 sitting in my barn that is about six years old now. I can't really explain why I haven't used it, except that a long time ago it got pushed to the back of things and never used. I crack it open once in a rare while, and it shows no signs of discoloration or off smell -- I would have no hesitation about pouring it in one of my fuel tanks if I got around to it. It's been stored sealed in a semi-translucent HDPE type barrel, in a generally dark barn.
BioDiscovery Group is offering internship of 3 & 6 months at our Bengaluru Office, Karnataka, India. The internship program starts from January 2018 and the topics in which we are providing internship are:
The fee for the 3 month Internship program includes training, research, field work and experience of working in a Biotech organisation.
The fee for the 6 month Internship program includes training, a novel research project with International publication, field work and experience of working in a Biotech organisation.
The students will also get exposure of travelling in India and Foreign countries with the team of BioDiscovery Group to assist in conducting workshops & training programs.
To inquire write to info@biodiscoverygroup.com with subject line "Internship in..(your topic of interest)" and send. We will get back to you with registration process as well as the fee which you have to pay. Phone: +91 9538710056, +91 7988262116, +91 80 4271 1080
The New York Stock Exchange welcomes executives and guests of Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAML) to celebrate the partnership between ICE (NYSE: ICE) and BofAML and the recent acquisition of the index business. To honor the occasion, Candace Browning, Head of Global Research, BAML, will ring The NYSE Opening Bell®.
Alan Ruskin, Deutsche Bank macro strategist, and Jill Carey Hall, Bank of America Merrill Lynch U.S. equity strategist, discuss the state of the markets as major indices sell off and many companies report earnings this week.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research has issued its 10 predictions for 2014 Overall, they are expecting a continued bull market, steady growth in the U.S. economy and higher yields. Prediction #1... The S&P 500 Index to rise to 2000 and the MSCI All-Country World Index to reach 444 by year-end 2014, with price return of approximately 11% and earnings growth of 7%.
May.21 -- Athanasios Vamvakidis, global head of G10 FX strategy at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, and Michael Sneyd, global head of FX strategy and cross asset strategist at BNP Paribas, discuss the impact of technology and outlook for markets. They speak with Francine Lacqua on "Bloomberg Surveillance."
Tim Price, Partner and Director for PFP Wealth Management, continued with Zak Mir, Technical Analyst for Zak's Traders Cafe, to discuss the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Survey noting that many of the March takeaways were contrary indicators, as well as exploring Japan as an investment opportunity in more detail. Topics Covered: Bank of America Merrill Lynch Survey, Cash, Commodities, Real Estate, Emerging Markets, USD, Oil, Japan, US Subscribe to us on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbmYqd55BU-kPmXV-WEd-cA for more videos like this covering a wide variety of macro and technical subjects. Tip TV Finance is a live video show, broadcasted weekdays from 10 am sharp. Based in St Paul's, in the heart of the City of London, Tip TV prides itself on being able to attract the very best quality guests on the show to offer viewers informed, insightful and actionable infotainment. The Tip TV Daily Finance Show covers all asset classes ranging from currencies (forex), equities, bonds, commodities, futures and options. Guests share their high conviction market opportunities, covering fundamental, technical, inter-market and quantitative analysis, with the aim of demystifying financial markets for viewers at home. See More At: www.tiptv.co.uk Twitter: @OfficialTipTV Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/officialtiptv
How are advisors on the cutting edge using recent innovations in fixed income indexing to their advantage? Merrill Lynch’s Todd Stankiewicz joins S&P DJI’s Ed Ware to discuss.
GCC inclusion in JP Morgan's bond index could lead to $30bn of inflows: . Thanks for watching, subscribe for more videos: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC42ksp_Vozcf7WFpFFzNvpg?sub_confirmation=1 The inclusion of Arabian Gulf region into JP Morgan’s widely tracked emerging market government bond gauge could lead to $30 billion of inflows and lower borrowing costs for the individual states, according to a new report. The inclusion in the Emerging Market Bond Index will make the region’s debt market access easier, Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in its latest Global Emerging Markets Weekly report. Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the UAE, Kuwait, and Bahrain sovereign bonds will make up a sizeable portion of the index, between 10-11 per cent of the EMBI, it said. The GCC states are expected to be included next month, according to Reuters. “Potential EMBI inclusion is a swing factor for GCC credit [except Oman],” according to the report. “Sovereigns will also now be able to issue debt to a new audience of emerging market credit-focused investors, which should increase primary [debt] demand.” In theory, flows could reach $40bn, which should be supportive for credit performance in the coming months. BofAML estimates the real number to be closer to $30bn since many EMBI funds appear to already hold off-benchmark GCC sovereigns in their portfolios. Sovereigns in the region, home to about a third of the world’s proven oil reserves, have increasingly tapped bond markets in recent years to fund their fiscal deficits in the wake of the three-year oil price slump. Borrowings from international markets have also helped the Gulf states continue to push for growth in their energy-dependent economies as they implemented social and economic reform measures. Saudi Arabia, the world’s biggest oil exporter, set the emerging market record with its debut $17.5bn sovereign bond in October 2016. Abu Dhabi made a comeback to the bond market with a $10bn bond issue in October last year, while Oman in January tapped the market with a $6.5bn issue. Gulf states have issued a quarter of all new debt sold by emerging markets in each of the last three years, according to a Reuters report. They now account for 14 per cent of total emerging market debt stock, according to the report. Some of the sovereign bonds are currently trading at relatively wider spreads compared to their similar-rated peers, on the back of the high level of issuances in recent years and geopolitical risks. However, BofAML said with a supportive oil price backdrop, “we think EMBI inclusion can finally push spreads tighter”. Bahrain is emerging as the biggest beneficiary of EMBI inclusion as it will provide not only large inflows as a percentage of debt outstanding, but is also likely to be crucial for future external financing needs, according to the BofAML report. “One of the clear benefits of being a member of a major benchmark is that investors generally have at least some exposure to each country (particularly if it is reasonably large like Bahrain) to avoid deviating too much from the benchmark,” the report explained. #GCC inclusion, #JPMorgan, #bond, #index, #could, #lead, #30bn, #inflows
Chapter 3: What keeps the DIFC competitive? - The rise of Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC
A well-running jurisdiction and good connections are among the key factors behind the DIFC's growth, says Bank of America Merrill Lynch's president for Middle East and North Africa Arshad Ghafur
Jill Malandrino was joined by Andre Corpuz, Managing Director at Vets Indexes, Karl Snyder, Managing Director and Chief Market Strategist, Laval Simons, Independent Training Contractor for Veritas International and Matthew Wang, Equities Asset Management Services at Bank of America Merrill Lynch on TradeTalks. Follow #TradeTalks on Twitter Twitter: @Nasdaq @JillMalandrino Facebook: @Nasdaq @JillMalandrino SUBSCRIBE to the Weekly #TradeTalks Newsletter: http://bit.ly/2yevQmn
Last week we did a video on how your retirement is insured and asked the question, why don't you want to have your IRA at your local bank or any bank for that matter? There is one particular reason we don't want to do this and today we will cover it. We're an investing service that also helps you keep your dough straight. We'll manage your retirement investments while teaching you all about your money. ---Ready to subscribe--- https://www.youtube.com/jazzwealth?sub_confirmation=1 For more information visit: www.JazzWealth.com --- Instagram @jazzWealth --- Facebook https://www.facebook.com/JazzWealth/ --- Twitter @jazzWealth Business Affairs 📧[email protected]
Interview: Jan Zika talks to Claire Costello about philanthropy, Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index, charitable behavior around the world, private foundations and professional philanthropic services at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Invest in yourself and your goals – on your terms. With the new portfolio story, you can see a comprehensive view of the investments in your account – using straightforward language. Accessing a stock story allows you to understand what they do, what drives their bottom line, how they perform on social and environmental sustainability measures and more. Start building a more balanced portfolio while seeking the guidance and insights you need to help make you a more confident investor with Merrill Edge's new self-directed online investment experience. To learn more about these new features, visit https://www.merrilledge.com/offers/online-investing
May 29 -- Bank of America Merrill Lynch Head of U.S. Economics Michelle Meyer discusses the state of the U.S. economy and consumer. She speaks on “Bloomberg Surveillance.” -- Subscribe to Bloomberg on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/Bloomberg Bloomberg Television offers extensive coverage and analysis of international business news and stories of global importance. It is available in more than 310 million households worldwide and reaches the most affluent and influential viewers in terms of household income, asset value and education levels. With production hubs in London, New York and Hong Kong, the network provides 24-hour continuous coverage of the people, companies and ideas that move the markets.
SHOTLIST 1. Wide pan of Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE) trading floor 2. Mid of traders on floor 3. Mid of traders gesturing with thumbs down 4. Close-up of graph on screen showing downward market trend 5. Mid of PSE Director Vivian Yuchengco giving media statement 6. SOUNDBITE (English) Vivian Yuchengco Philippine Stock Exchange Director: "When the US sneezes we also catch the cold." 7. Cutaway of media 8. SOUNDBITE (English) Vivian Yuchengco Philippine Stock Exchange Director "Everyday I have been watching it (the market), there is a lot of foreign selling. When the markets around the world are making kalabog (crash), cash is king. It is always good to have cash and maybe they are selling because they know the market is going down and then they will buy back at a lower price." 9. Mid of trading floor STORYLINE Philippine shares sank sharply on Monday as traders worried over more troubles on Wall Street following a failed plan to rescue investment bank Lehman Brothers which has filed for bankruptcy, and the Bank of America's takeover of financial giant, Merrill Lynch. The 30-company Philippine Stock Exchange Index saw its lowest close in more than seven weeks, shedding 109.96 points, or 4.16 percent, to end at 2,536.16 points. Philippine Stock Exchange Director, Vivian Yuchengco, said downward trends in the United States have a negative impact on the local share market. "When the US sneezes we also catch the cold," said Yuchengco. In the broader market, losers outnumbered gainers 92 to 11, while 33 stocks were unchanged. Yuchengco added that the troubles on Wall Street have sparked a sell off in foreign currencies. "Everyday I have been watching it (the market), there is a lot of foreign selling. When the markets around the world are making kalabog (crash), cash is king," she explained. Yuchengco added that buyers in the Philippines tend to seek comfort in cash amid volatility overseas. "It is always good to have cash and maybe they are selling because they know the market is going down and then they will buy back at a lower price," she said. Some analysts believe the problems with the big banks prove that the trouble in the US are far from over but said investors just have to ride out the slump. Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co., the most actively traded stock, finished 3.5 percent down at 2,595 Philippine pesos (55 US dollars). The peso weakened against the US dollar Monday. The dollar closed at 47.095 pesos, up from 46.860 on Friday. Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from its creditors on Monday. The 158-year-old investment bank was crippled by 60 (b) billion US dollars in soured real-estate holdings and was unable to find an investment partner to throw it a lifeline. Lehman's failure comes as Bank of America announced it will snap up Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. in a 50 (b) billion US dollars all-stock deal. Reports in the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times said that insurance giant American International Group was seeking 40 (b) billion US dollars in emergency funds to help it avoid a credit rating downgrade. You can license this story through AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/metadata/youtube/9564b461236affcfc34a25873cc46da9 Find out more about AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/HowWeWork
According to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, US stocks this year are at risk of ending their outperformance trend over global stocks. The S&P 500 is a benchmark of US stocks. It has outperformed the MSCI All-Country World Index through most of the post-financial-crisis era. But Stephen Suttmeier, a BAML technical analyst, said in a note on Sunday, "the index "still shows signs of a 2-year+ top relative to MSCI ACWI." Suttmeier identified over half a dozen technical S&P 500 indicators that are broken, signaling that the bullish trend is at risk of reversing. http://www.businessinsider.com/us-stocks-outperformance-over-global-stocks-at-risk-2018-3 http://www.wochit.com This video was produced by YT Wochit News using http://wochit.com
During the boom in housing prices, beginning in 2004, Goldman Sachs developed mortgage-related securities, known as synthetic collateralized debt obligations (CDOs). Through April 2007 Goldman issued over 20 of the CDOs -- which it dubbed "Abacus" -- for a total of $10.9 billion. The securities performed very poorly and by April 2010, Bloomberg reported that at least $5 billion worth of the securities either carried "junk" ratings, or had defaulted. According to an article in the New York Times (Morgenson 2009) while Goldman Sachs sold the Abacus mortgage-backed CDOs to investors, it "shorted" the CDOs, i.e. bet against them, earning large profits while its customers lost billions.(Morgenson 2009) The Times gave as an example of the $800 million Hudson Mezzanine CDO issued in 2006, which Goldman bet against, but also sold to investors. By March 2008, just 18 months after Goldman created the CDO, "so many borrowers had defaulted that holders of the security paid out about $310 million to Goldman and others who had bet against it." The article further claims Goldman tried to pressure the credit rating service Moody's to rate its products higher than they should have been, and that various rules regarding CDO-default pay outs were modified to favor short sellers in 2005. A Goldman worker named Tetsuya Ishikawa was involved in these deals and later wrote a novel called How I Caused the Credit Crunch. While the Times claimed Goldman "used the C.D.O.'s to place unusually large negative bets that were not mainly for hedging purposes," Goldman claimed that it was simply hedging, not expecting the CDOs to fail, and denied that its investors were unaware of Goldman's bets against the products it was selling to them. Goldman and one of its traders, Fabrice Tourre, were later sued by the SEC over circumstances surrounding one of these CDOs, Abacus 2007-AC1. Tourre was found guilty of six of seven charges in August 2013. On 17 January 2006, CDS Indexco and Markit launched ABX.HE, a subprime mortgage backed credit derivative index with home equity loans as assets, with plans to extend the index to other underlying assets, such as Credit Cards (ABX.CC), Student Loans (ABX.SL) and Auto Loans (ABX.AU). In a marketing presentation(2006 Wiley) CDS IndexCo was described as the owner of the DJ CDX family of credit default swap (CDS) indices formed from a merger of the major CDS indices (iBoxx and Trac-X) in April 2004. It introduced a "second generation product such as index tranches and index options."(Wiley 2006) They launched the Home Equity (ABX.HE) ABX on 19 January 2006. Advertised daily prices were availability on the Markit website. The purpose of the indices is to allow investors to trade exposures to the subprime market without holding the actual asset backed securities. The ABX.HE Index was created from "qualifying deals of 20 of the largest sub-prime home equity ABS shelf programs from the six month period preceding the roll."(Wiley & 2006 11) The market makers of ABX.HE were listed as Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, Barclays Capital, Bank of America, BNP Paribas, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, [RBS Greenwich, UBS and Wachovia.(Wiley & 2006 13) These investment firms had "anticipated the crisis. In 2006, Wall Street had introduced a new index, called the ABX, that became a way to invest in the direction of mortgage securities. The index allowed traders to bet on or against pools of mortgages with different risk characteristics, just as stock indexes enable traders to bet on whether the overall stock market, or technology stocks or bank stocks, will go up or down."(Morgenson 2009) On 14 November 2007, Markit Markit acquired International Index Company and agreed to acquire CDS IndexCo.[166] According to a (Morgenson 2009) New York Times article, Goldman Sachs used an ABX index to bet against (i.e. short) the housing market in 2006. It also "began marketing short bets using the ABX index to hedge funds like Paulson & Company, Magnetar, and Soros Fund Management."(Morgenson 2009) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goldman_Sachs
On the third Friday of every third month, Triple Witching expiration occurs. In order to maintain positions, traders must roll their contracts forward. In this episode, tastytrade defines this concept, explains how equity futures "roll" into the new, active contract, and explain how cost of carry influences the credit/debit when rolling. Tune in for a comprehensive look at rolling futures contracts forward and how to properly time and execute this in order to maintain a position! The gap between the self-directed and institutional trader in the world of Futures gets closer as Tom and Tony go head-to-head with one of the Futures market industry's best institutional traders. We bring professional strategies to individual investors. You can watch a new Closing the Gap: Futures Edition episode live and check out all previous episodes everyday at http://ow.ly/EoyGW! ======== tastytrade.com ======== tastytrade is a real financial network, producing 8 hours of live programming every weekday, Monday - Friday. Follow along as our experts navigate the markets, provide actionable trading insights, and teach you how to trade. With over 50 original segments, and over 20 personalities, we’ll help you take your trading to the next level, whether you are new to trading or a seasoned veteran. http://ow.ly/EbzUU Subscribe to our YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/user/tastytrade1?sub_confirmation=1 Follow tastytrade: Twitter: https://twitter.com/tastytrade Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/tastytrade LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/tastytrade Instagram: http://instagram.com/tastytrade
1. Various of investors sitting in front of monitors showing Taiwan's stock index 2. Various of monitors showing Taiwan's stock index 3. Figure showing Taiwan's stock index closing at 6052.45, dropping 4.09 percent 4. SOUNDBITE: (Mandarin) Yuan Chung-lin, analyst, Yuanta Securities: "The main reason (for the drop in stock market today) is that there was news saying Bank of America Corp. and Barclays Bank withdrew their bid to buy the Lehman Brothers which raised the spectre of a bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers. Also the news about the financial risk of AIG (American International Group Inc.) (caused a drop in stock market)." 5. Cutaway of staff 6. SOUNDBITE: (Mandarin) Yuan Chung-lin, analyst, Yuanta Securities: "We'll look to whether there is a bank to buy Lehman Brothers. If there is no one to buy this fourth largest US investment bank, the problem will be more serious." 7. Various of monitors showing Taiwan's stock index STORYLINE: Taiwan's main stock index fell sharply on Monday amid growing alarm over the world's financial system as investors reacted to a seismic shake-up on Wall Street involving the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers and the takeover of Merrill Lynch. Taiwan's main stock index fell 258.23 points, or 4.09 percent to close at 6,052.45 Asia's biggest stock exchanges in Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea were closed for holidays, but every market open was deep in the red. Also India's Sensex tumbled 5.4 percent, Australia's key index was down 2 percent and Singapore dropped 2.9 percent. The declines came as Wall Street and the US government took a series of steps aimed at bringing an end to the credit crisis that has roiled the global financial system for more than a year. Troubled US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. announced it would file for bankruptcy after prospective buyers, including Barclays PLC, backed away from a deal. Yuanta Securities analyst, Yuan Chung-lin, said in Taipei on Monday that the withdrawal of the bid by Barclays and Bank of America Corp. was "the main reason" for the sharp fall in Taiwan's main stock index. He added that "the news about the financial risk of AIG" contributed to the stock market fall. Insurer AIG, hit hard by deterioration in the credit markets, said on Sunday it is reviewing its operations and discussing possible options with outside parties to improve its business after a week when its stock dropped 45 percent amid concerns about the company's financial underpinnings. Bank of America Corp. said it is snapping up Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. in a 50 (b) billion (US) dollar all-stock transaction. A global consortium of banks, meanwhile, announced late Sunday a 70 (b) billion US dollars pool of funds to lend to ailing financial companies, a move geared toward preventing a worldwide panic on stock and other financial exchanges. The US Federal Reserve chipped in with more largesse in its emergency lending program for investment banks. You can license this story through AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/metadata/youtube/98d0f6ec775c3761aa281b6684c10de8 Find out more about AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/HowWeWork
Bank of america has found the formula for a market meltdown — and we're dangerously close REUTERS/ Mick Tsikas Bank of America Merrill Lynch has identified a series of thresholds that need to be breached in order for the market to see a correction. The indicators in question include GDP, wage inflation, 10-year Treasury yields, and the S&P 500 equity index. BAML has repeatedly warned against investor overexuberance. Meanwhile, investors have poured a record $58 billion into stocks over the past four weeks. The scorching-hot stock market is fresh off yet another week of new record hig...
Which is better: Growth investing or dividend investing (value investing)? In my personal situation, there is no comparison. Dividend growth investing always comes out ahead. That said, I get so many questions here about growth investing. Today, I want to share a case, a specific investor persona, where growth investing may be better than dividend investing. Put another way: If I could not invest in dividend stocks anymore (someone told me I just couldn't do it), this is the only way I could see myself being a growth investor. Today's video starts with an assumption. The assumption is that for anyone to be a grow investor, they must believe that growth stocks will outperform dividend stocks (value stocks) over the long term. Personally, I don't believe that because of the Bank of America / Merrill Lynch study that shows for the 90 years starting 1926 that value stocks have returned 17% per year while growth stocks have returned 12.6%. It's difficult for me to get past this study (link below). However, the modern growth investor must believe that past data is not an indication of the future, and everything is different now in 2018. Next, the video starts with some goals. I invest for financial freedom and cash flow. Literally, cash that can be used to cover my bills. The growth investing strategy that I'm talking about involves buy and hold for very long periods of time with zero cash flow. As such, this investor must be: * Comfortable working a job (or running their own business) - they will not be able to rely on stocks for income. * Able to buy and hold for very long periods of time such as 20-30 years with no cash flow. * Is comfortable selling equity in retirement to pay for stuff (since, in general, these growth stocks are not anticipated to pay significant dividends). Given this assumption and these goals, I now dive into some pros and cons of growth investing. And, I show how for this specific investor, growth investing may be better. Why could it be better? * The opportunity for higher returns (that's the assumption, after all). * The opportunity for a more tax advantageous strategy (all money compounds as no dividends are paid out). (That said, it's important to really trust these growth companies not to squander the money that is sitting around.) * The ability to invest in those companies that are disrupting everything. (That said, I do believe that tried-and-true blue chips are underrated on this front. One of my holdings, Pfizer (PFE), just invested $600 million in Pfizer Ventures for the purpose of innovation and disruption.) * The ability to be a risk taker. If you are a risk taker, by nature, growth investing may be more exciting and a better fit that dividend investing (which tends to be a lower risk strategy). * The ability to take on some risk (for higher potential return) during one's younger years. (That said, many young people, like myself, prefer dividends. It all comes down to one's personal situation. And, higher risk does not always mean higher return!) At the end of the day, there are many strategies out there. And, I've tried a lot of them. Dividend investing is my favorite, by far. That said, I know many subscribers are trying to figure out what's right for them. I hope today's video provides another perspective that may be helpful in your investing journey. Here's why growth investors are completely wrong about dividend investors: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El7XyomoAEI Here's how taxes work for dividend and growth investors: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2y0CgkzgV6I Want to learn more about deep value? Here's what deep value investing is all about: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugU0a3IKul4h Here's my recent experience with Bitcoin, a growth investment that I profited from: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAQHg6ag7jU Here's why I love PE Ratio: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUmgT75dBKI Here's the Bank of America / Merrill Lynch Study referenced in today’s video: https://finance.yahoo.com/news/baml-90-year-review-value-growth-stock-market-investing-strategies-140602834.html Disclosure: I am long Pfizer (ticker PFE). I own this stock in my portfolio. Disclaimer: I'm not a licensed investment advisor, and today's video is just for entertainment and fun. This video is NOT investment advice. Also, I'm not a tax advisor and today's video is NOT tax advice. Please talk to your licensed investment advisor before making any financial decisions. Please talk to your licensed tax advisor before making any tax decisions. All content on my YouTube channel is (c) Copyright IJL Productions LLC.
Aug. 25 (Bloomberg) –- OppenheimerFunds Senior Economist Brian Levitt, Brean Capital Head of Macro Strategy Peter Tchir and BofA Merrill Lynch Head of U.S. Rate Strategy Priya Misra discuss S&P 2000, the Fed and rate hikes. They speak on “Street Smart.” (Source: Bloomberg) -- Subscribe to Bloomberg on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/Bloomberg Bloomberg Television offers extensive coverage and analysis of international business news and stories of global importance. It is available in more than 310 million households worldwide and reaches the most affluent and influential viewers in terms of household income, asset value and education levels. With production hubs in London, New York and Hong Kong, the network provides 24-hour continuous coverage of the people, companies and ideas that move the markets.
Oct. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Deborah Kostroun reports on the performance of the U.S. equity market today. U.S. stocks gained, sending the Standard & Poor's 500 Index to the highest level since August, as Bank of America Corp. paced a rally in financial shares and optimism grew over progress on expanding Europe's rescue fund. (Source: Bloomberg)
March 24 -- Bank of America Merrill Lynch Head of Equity Strategy Savita Subramanian discusses her investment ideas. She speaks on “Bloomberg Surveillance.”
What is a High-Yield Bond A high-yield bond is a high paying bond with a lower credit rating than investment-grade corporate bonds, Treasury bonds and municipal bonds. Because of the higher risk of default, these bonds pay a higher yield than investment grade bonds. Vanguard vanguard high yield corporate fund investor shares. High yield bond investopedia terms h high_yield_bond. Cavalier hedged high income instl, 1. Fidelity global high income, 0. Find the best high yield bond funds, which often hold 'junk' bonds with lower credit ratings than investment grade, and pay higher yields mar 22, 2017 mutual funds that seek to provide impressive returns by investing in below grade bonds, also known as junk are generally because of risk default, not recommended for individual investors, except through or other large, diversified portfolios dec 20, 2016 those times is now, according richard lindquist, a senior fund manager at morgan stanley management sep 21, when god jeffrey gundlach speaks, we income seekers listen. 77 seeks to outperform the broad high yield fixed income market (represented by the bofa merrill lynch u. A high yield bond is a paying with lower credit rating than investment grade corporate bonds, treasury bonds and municipal. Investing in high yield bonds american funds. Googleusercontent search. Fund time tested core bond solution. What are high yield bonds? Thestreet definition. High yield bond mutual funds for your portfolio nasdaq. Columbia threadneedle high yield fund inst. Investors in high yield bond mutual funds or this may force the fund to sell bonds at a loss, although is fund, tend have volatility similar that of stock market. Blackrock fixed income blackrock bhyix. The investment return and principal value of your find overview, fund performance, portfolio details on the columbia high yield bond from one nation's largest asset managers bonds are issued by corporations that lack long term earnings or pimco is managed andrew jessop, a expert. High yield bonds, also called junk bonds) bonds carry a higher risk of default. Hys pimco 0 5 year high yield corporate bond index fund. Do high yield bonds still make sense? 5 bond funds with yields up to 8. High yield constrained index) over a full market cycle the blackrock high bond fund has helped investors achieve bonds have historically provided higher levels of income than core performance information shown represents past and is not guarantee future results. 2% forbeshigh yield bond fund ekhax wells fargo fundsbhyix columbia variable portfolio high yield bond fund columbia high yield bond fund. High yield bond fund definition & example what are high corporate bonds? Sec. Because of the higher risk default, these bonds pay a yield than investment grade jan 13, 2015 high bond funds are able to provide superior returns over time with reasonable amount fund is mutual that invests in corporate rated below bbb (i. Fixed income fund prepare for rising rateshigh yield bond investopedia.
Merrill Lynch bans Cryptocurrency investing! (Merrill Lynch is the Brokerage that went under during the 2008 economic crisis and got bought out with US Government Tax money through @BofA... #MerrillLynch @MerrillLynch Bank of America’s Merrill Lynch Bans Clients from Bitcoin Fund https://www.ccn.com/bank-americas-merrill-lynch-bans-clients-bitcoin-fund/ Throwback to @BofA government Bailout and Merrill Lynch Purchase January 16 2009 http://money.cnn.com/2009/01/16/news/companies/bofa_new_bailout/index.htm Real estate and cryptocurrency investing Bitcoin Stocks Tech $NAV Nav Coin (small cap more potential) vs $XVG verge Privacy Coins - Monero, Dash, Verge, Nav Coin Bitcoin Cryptocurrency investing StocksReal estate investing Bitconnect Scam Bitconnect Pyramid Scheme Sorry my video Got cut short. Please subscribe. Also **I meant 800 BILLION (not Trillion) honest mistake :) News Investing Portfolio allocation Hot picks Recommendations Bullish vs bearish Bears Cut losses or HODL? Sorry I got cut off because I got a call on my Cell :) CryptoBlock https://twitter.com/CryptoREI This is not financial advice. I'm just a dude. Do your own due dilligence and consult with your own licensed professional advisors, or not. Do whatever you want it's a free country.
Mark Smith, Head of Global Liquidity, Global Transaction Services, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, talks about the new product Liquidity Express, what it does and how it was developed, how will it help clients with their operations and what the top liquidity priorities for corporates this year are. For all your fintech-related news, please visit https://www.finextra.com.
JUNK BOND EXPERT MARTY FRIDSON SAYS HE THINKS HIGH-YIELD DEBT IS EXTREMELY OVERVALUED RIGHT NOW. ANCHOR QUESTION OFF-CAMERA (ENGLISH) SAYING: You point out that you're seeing a pretty extreme overvaluation. In junk bonds why is that and how concerning is it. MARTY FRIDSON, CEO, LEHMANN, LIVIAN, FRIDSON ADVISORS (ENGLISH) SAYING: Well it's pretty concerning. The spread -- BofA Merrill Lynch's high yield index. Is. Three and a half percentage points 350 basis points. By our reckoning -- should be more like five and a half. And -- difference of two full percentage points is not the absolute greatest. Disparity that we've ever seen but it's it's gotten out there and as persistent. For quite awhile and that's based on. The overall risk which is not just the default risk but the risk as measured by economic indicators. The credit availability. I saw someone affected by the level of treasury rates and when we've been at this Overall risk on average historically the spread has been more like five and a half percentage points so you've got that possibility of a significant accident happening. -- about any time. ANCHOR QUESTION OFF-CAMERA (ENGLISH) SAYING: We know it's been tough for fixed income certainly in the first half of this year and high -- performed. Is not as well as other fixed income classes even in bonds for instance doing better. Just changed now what happens in the second half and as interest rates start rising how does -- agree. And change for a high. MARTY FRIDSON, CEO, LEHMANN, LIVIAN, FRIDSON ADVISORS (ENGLISH) SAYING: Well high -- gets advantaged by that he said that rates are rising because the economy is stronger that helps because the risk premium. Default risk is reduced and the disadvantages you say in the first half was really related to lower treasury rates and that's about it. Via a bigger help for a longer duration assets generally lower yielding. Essence we'll have longer durations and the maturities and possibly shorter and I feel about.
Having seen the bullish call for sterling from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Jeremy Naylor looks at the potential levels of resistance on the way up from the $1.15 lows that the bank is targeting. More of our expert opinion, market insight and analysis tools: https://www.ig.com/uk/ig-financial-markets?CHID=9&QPID=1414138388&QPPID=1 Website: https://www.ig.com/uk?CHID=9&QPID=1414138388&QPPID=1 Twitter: https://twitter.com/IGcom Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/IGcom Google Play: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iggroup.android.cfd&hl=en_GB LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/igcom Google +: https://plus.google.com/u/0/108999047065291192896 IG is a global leader in retail forex, providing fast and flexible access to over 10,000 financial markets – including indices, shares, forex, commodities . Established in 1974 as the world’s first financial spread betting firm, we are now the world’s No.1 provider of CFDs (Contract for Difference) and a global leader in forex. We also offer an execution-only share dealing service. All trading involves risk. Please take care to manage your exposure. The comments in this video do not constitute investment advice and IG accepts no responsibility for any use that may be made of them.
Sep. 16, 2008. Stocks declined in Asian markets on Tuesday, a day after Wall Street's worst day in seven years. After several hours of trading, Japan's Nikkei index ended Tuesday down 4.95 percent, while the Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong declined 5.9 percent. A leading indicator of stock values in South Korea -- the KOPSI index -- had gone down 6.3 percent. The stocks tumbled a day after earth-shaking news in the U.S. financial industry sent shock waves up and down Wall Street, raising fears in Asia that a decline in U.S. consumer spending could hurt export-driven economies in Asia. The venerable Lehman Brothers investment bank announced Monday it would file for bankruptcy despite frantic efforts to save it. Then Bank of America bought another Wall Street fixture -- Merrill Lynch -- in an all-stock deal worth $50 billion. As a result of those dramatic developments, the Dow Jones industrial average lost 504 points, or 4.4 percent, on Monday. It was the biggest one-day decline for the Dow on a point basis since September 17, 2001, when the market reopened for trading after having been closed in the aftermath of September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. On a percentage basis, it was the biggest decline since July 19, 2002. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 4.7 percent, its worst day since September 17, 2001, when it plunged 4.9 percent. The S&P 500 also closed at its lowest point since October 27, 2005. The Nasdaq composite lost 3.6 percent, its worst single-session percentage decline since March 24, 2003. It left the tech-fueled average at its lowest point since March 17 of this year. "It was an ugly day," said James King, president and chief investment officer at National Penn Investors Trust Company. "Lehman's failure to find a suitor and Merrill deciding to cash in their chips before a similar fate could befall them really stoked the fears of the public." Stock markets in Europe fared poorly on Monday, as well, with leading indexes declining in value by 3.9 percent in London, England and 3.8 percent in Paris, France and Zurich, Switzerland. Source: http://edition.cnn.com/2008/BUSINESS/09/16/world.markets/index.html#cnnSTCText
Author/Subject: Edward Morris Category: Financial History Date: Wednesday, April 13, 2016 About the Book The 2008 financial collapse, the expansion of corporate and private wealth, the influence of money in politics—many of Wall Street's contemporary trends can be traced back to the work of 14 critical figures who wrote, and occasionally broke, the rules of American finance. Edward Morris plots in absorbing detail Wall Street's transformation from a clubby enclave of financiers to a symbol of vast economic power. His book begins with J. Pierpont Morgan, who ruled the American banking system at the turn of the 20th century, and ends with Sandy Weill, whose collapsing Citigroup required the largest taxpayer bailout in history. In between, Wall Streeters relates the triumphs and missteps of 12 other financial visionaries. From Charles Merrill, who founded Merrill Lynch and introduced the small investor to the American stock market; to Michael Milken, the so-called junk bond king; to Jack Bogle, whose index funds redefined the mutual fund business; to Myron Scholes, who laid the groundwork for derivative securities; and to Benjamin Graham, who wrote the book on securities analysis. Anyone interested in the modern institution of American finance will devour this history of some of its most important players. About the Speaker Ed Morris is a professor of finance and former dean of the business school at Lindenwood University. Before beginning his teaching career, he was an investment banker and served as executive vice president of Stifel, Nicolaus, & Co. He has served on the boards of companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. About the Museum The Museum of American Finance is the nation’s only independent museum dedicated to preserving, exhibiting and teaching about American finance and financial history. Housed in an historic bank building on Wall Street, the Museum’s magnificent grand mezzanine banking hall provides an ideal setting for permanent exhibits on the financial markets, money, banking, entrepreneurship and Alexander Hamilton. The Museum is an independent, non-profit 501(c)(3) Smithsonian affiliate creating non-ideological presentations and programs for purposes of education and general public awareness. Financial education is at the core of the Museum’s mission, seeking to promote lifelong learning and inquiry. As a chronicler of American financial achievement and development, the Museum seeks to play a special role as a guardian of America’s collective financial memory, as well as a presenter and interpreter of current financial issues, thereby connecting the past with the present while serving as a guide for the future. MUSEUM OF AMERICAN FINANCE 48 Wall Street | New York, NY 10005 Tel: 212.908.4110 | Fax: 212.908.4601 www.moaf.org
When Shylock demanded his pound of flesh-was pound a Currency? When religion becomes banking then faith is the key to unlock spurts of small depressions! Its time when Hindu banking and Christain banking too should come to the fore! Shylock today stands converted! http://www.totalmerrill.com/publish/mkt/campaigns/webcast/transcripts/24639092001.pdf http://www.ml.com/index.asp?id=7695_15125
FY18’s top multibaggers soared up to 1,300%; did you own any? BofA-Merrill Lynch is negative on the domestic equity market. Calendar 2017 was a stellar year for the domestic equity market, with the benchmark indices delivering around 28 per cent returns, but the... Coin - all coin ************************************* Thank fof watching. Don't forget subscriber my channel.
Subscribe to this channel: http://www.youtube.com/OpalesqueTV According to the BoA-Merrill Lynch Global Hedge Fund Industry Overview, Istar Capital is the only CTA seeded by an institutional investor (IMQubator) in the world in 2011. No wonder, as the two co-founders come with an impeccable CV and impressive track record. The strategy behind IStar Capital is a combination of a long term market trend following strategy and an interest rate carry trade strategy for a basket of emerging market currency forwards. The system is a combination of enhanced versions of two strategies the managers developed, traded and have known for many years at AIG Financial Products and other previous employments. The corresponding two strategies are robust and relatively uncorrelated; the managers have been familiar with the strategies over 20 year period. In this Opalesque BACKSTAGE video, hear the two founders Thomas Artarit and Rudolph Shally talk about: From CERN to financial futures "Surprise" that trend following worked Creator of the AIG Futures Trend Index, Istar's predecessor Seeded by IMQubator Why you have to know "the limits of your systems" Why setting up a CTA in the Netherlands? Extra layer of safety through monitoring of IMQubator Thomas Artarit spent 6 years at AIG Financial Products where he was in charge of managing a multi-billion dollar FX/fixed income/commodity hybrid business based in Tokyo. This was the largest risk for the firm (ex credit). He resigned from the firm when the US Fed bailed-out the insurer end of 2008. At that time he was also responsible for the commodity business in Asia. His quantitative background gained through his double masters: one in Algebraic Geometry (in Pure Mathematics Faculte d'Orsay -- Ecole Normale Superieure) -- and a second one in Stochastic calculus (La Sorbonne Paris). Thomas started his career in 1994 at Indosuez Paris as an exotic currency options trader. In 1997 he became head of FX options at CIBC Financial Products in Asia, based in Singapore and Tokyo. In 1999, CIBC FP closed and Thomas moved to Genre FP, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, in Tokyo to run and set up the FX/Fixed Income hybrid business Rudolph Shally worked for 10 years at AIG Financial Products in London where he was responsible for the management of multi-billion dollar commodity index options portfolio and other commodity and equity derivatives and is the author of the AIG Futures Trend Index -- the predecessor of the systematic strategy of Istar. He was the last commodity and equity derivatives trader to finish closing and/or de-risking the commodity and equity books in Europe and Asia for AIG FP. Previously he was the head of risk management at the world largest oil refinery - Reliance Industries in Bombay. From 1996 to 1999 he was also registered with the CFTC as a sole proprietor CTA. Prior to that from 1989 to 1996 he was a derivatives trader at Citibank in New York and Toronto, where he started Citibank's commodity derivatives business from scratch. At Citibank, as part of the proprietary trading group in 1995, he also started to trade systematic strategies in interest rates and currencies. Rudolph has a doctorate in theoretical particle physics from Charles University in Prague and did a postdoctoral fellowship in high energy physics at Carleton University in Ottawa and participated in experiments and computer science at CERN in Geneva. IStar is not authorised or exempt from undertaking regulated activity in the United Kingdom, and all regulated activity is undertaken by Privium Fund Management (UK) Limited (FSA FRN:471186) which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority.
2017 was a year of gains for investors. Traders have begun to price in what Republicans say is the widest-ranging tax overhaul since 1986. Bank of America Merrill Lynch says the good times are likely to keep rolling for investors. It expects the S&P 500's 2018 performance to be similar to that of 2014, when it gained about 11%. The company sent out a note sent out to clients on Tuesday titled "Equity bull market still has gas in the tank." In it, the bank's technical team, led by Stephen Suttmeier, says the S&P 500 could hit 3,000 by the end of next year. http://www.businessinsider.com/stock-market-news-bull-market-has-gas-in-tank-baml-says-2017-12 http://www.wochit.com This video was produced by YT Wochit News using http://wochit.com
Sep. 15, 2008. Global markets were reeling Monday after a convulsive day on Wall Street that saw a leading U.S. investment bank file for bankruptcy and other institutes scramble to merge as the credit crunch claimed one of its biggest victims yet. Stock prices plunged in Asia and Europe in the wake of investment bank Lehman brothers announcing its collapse and Bank of America's $50 billion buyout of ailing brokerage Merrill Lynch. This crisis is clearly deeper than anybody had imagined only a short time ago," Peter Stein, an associate editor at the Wall Street Journal in Asia, told CNN. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 330 points or 2.9 percent to around 11091 in early trading. In Europe, FTSE index in London declined 3.37 percent while the Paris CAC 40 was down 4.47 percent. Major Asian indexes were closed but India's Sensex fell 5.4 percent, Taiwan's benchmark dropped 4.1, Australia's key index dropped 2 percent and Singapore fell 2.9. The turmoil followed a roller-coaster weekend for a Wall Street already concussed by woes at other major financial firms and mortgage-financing titans Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. At one point the U.S. Federal Reserve was forced to step in, announcing plans to loosen lending restrictions to the banking industry in an effort to calm markets, while a consortium of 10 leading domestic and foreign banks agreed a $70 billion fund to lend to troubled financial firms. In an effort to calm market jitters, the European Central Bank on Monday said it has pumped $42.6 billion into money markets. The Bank of England in London also took steps, offering nearly $9 billion in a three-day auction. Source: http://edition.cnn.com/2008/BUSINESS/09/15/lehman.merrill.stocks.turmoil/index.html#cnnSTCText
On today's edition of PreMarket Prep, we're discussing... - The debut of bitcoin futures - Highlights from the ASH conference - A big upgrade to US Steel (X) Featured guest: Christian Fromhertz, Founder and CEO of Tribeca Trade Group Christian has 15+ years of experience in the Financial Industry. Previously, Christian was a Director and Senior ETF Trader with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. While at BAML, Christian traded for Institutional clients and provided risk markets in domestic, international, fixed income, commodity, and currency ETFs. He also traded programs, customized indices, futures and swaps on their Delta One Trading Desk. PreMarket Prep is a daily trading ideas show hosted by former floor trader Joel Elconin and prop trader Dennis Dick. Listen to the show live and participate in our chatroom every day from 8-9 a.m. ET at premarket.benzinga.com. The podcast is available on iTunes, Soundcloud, and Stitcher.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch says the best way to watch for the next big market bubble is to watch tech companies. Bank of America provides three particularly high-profile examples: Japan in 1989 — The Nikkei surged 31% as Japanese government bond yields rose 170 basis points. The US in 1999 — The Nasdaq Composite index exploded 230% higher as Treasury yields increased 220 basis points. And, China in 2007 — The Shanghai Composite index soared 200% as Chinese yields climbed 160 basis points. With this warning in mind, it's important to note that Bank of America chief investment strategist Michael Hartnett has been making bearish proclamations for months. http://www.businessinsider.com/next-market-bubble-tech-company-signals-bank-of-america-says-2017-12 http://www.wochit.com This video was produced by YT Wochit Business using http://wochit.com
Learn more about FADP, Vanguard's Financial Advisor Development Program. This is a unique opportunity in an accelerated rotational program offered by Vanguard that will launch you into an advisor role with a Certified Financial Planner™ (CFP®) certification. https://vgi.vg/2zsEw8P © 2017 The Vanguard Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
SHOTLIST 1. Wide of stocks trading centre in Beijing with traders watching screen 2. Close-up of screen showing Shanghai Composite Index going down 3. Close-up of diagram showing Shanghai Composite Index going down 4. Various of traders watching screen 5. Set up of Zhang Xiang, Analyst at Research Institute, Guodu Securities 6. SOUNDBITE (Mandarin) Zhang Xiang, Analyst at Guodu Securities Research Institute: "Currently the decision makers of China are worried about the future of the Chinese economy, especially when the economic crisis triggered by the US sub-prime mortgage crisis is still deteriorating. So now we need to think about how much the Chinese economy will be affected during the adjustment period for the global economies. This is the key issue affecting the confidence of the investors. That is why we are still facing many uncertainties in the stocks market. As you can see the stocks of banks are not performing very well, although the government has just announced some new policies which are considered good news." 7. Close-up trading of screen 8. Trader watching screen STORYLINE China's stock market dropped on Tuesday amid growing fears of a global financial crisis as investors reacted to the fall of two of Wall Street's biggest names, Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch. China's Shanghai index was down 3.2 percent on Monday despite an announced cut in a key interest rate by the country's central bank intended to stimulate growth. The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index opened 29.86 points lower at 2,049.81 points, and plunged to 1981.3 points before the market closed at noon. The plunge came just after the People's Bank of China announced on Monday it would lower the lending interest rate and the reserve requirement ratio for commercial banks in order to boost the economy. Analyst believes the performance of Chinese stocks market was affected by the overnight heavy losses on the Wall Street. "Currently the decision makers of China are worried about the future of Chinese economy, especially when the economic crisis triggered by the US sub-prime mortgage crisis is still deteriorating," Zhang Xiang of Guodu Securities told AP Television. "We need to think about now how much will the Chinese economy be affected during the adjustment period of global economies," Zhang Xiang of Guodu Securities told AP Television. "We need to think about how much the Chinese economy will be affected during the adjustment period for the global economies. This is the key issue affecting the confidence of the investors," he explained. "That is why we are still facing many uncertainties in the stocks market." On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average fell more than 500 points, or 4.4 percent, to 10,917.51 on Monday - its worst point drop since after the September 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington, DC. European markets also sank on Monday, with Britain's FTSE-100 share index falling 3.9 percent and France's CAC-40 down 3.7 percent. Lehman's failure comes as Bank of America announced it will snap up Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. in a 50 (b) billion US dollars all-stock deal and reports in the Wall Street Journal and The New York Times said that insurance giant American International Group was seeking 40 (b) billion US dollars in emergency funds to help it avoid a credit rating downgrade. You can license this story through AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/metadata/youtube/12e9e96c28282ec54c159995b0beeac6 Find out more about AP Archive: http://www.aparchive.com/HowWeWork
Sep. 23, 2008. Markets in Europe and Asia tumbled on Tuesday as uncertainty grew in the U.S. over a $700 billion financial rescue plan. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index was down 3.4 percent. In Europe, London's FTSE index fell 1.3 percent, and the Paris CAC 40 was down about 1 percent. The falls follow losses Monday on Wall Street. The Dow slid 373 points -- 3.3 percent -- as investors worried about the bailout plan and rising oil prices. On Monday, U.S. President George W. Bush urged Congress to put his financial rescue plan into action, without adding "unrelated provisions" or "provisions that would undermine the effectiveness of the plan." Bush's economic team sent Congress the rescue package over the weekend, after a crisis in the markets led to the collapse of Lehman Brothers, a Bank of America buyout of Merrill Lynch, and the government rescue of AIG, the biggest insurance company in the U.S. Source: http://edition.cnn.com/2008/BUSINESS/09/23/world.markets/index.html#cnnSTCVideo
You do not need to calculate payroll premium if your policy is on a stipulated billing cycle. Sample Payroll Report. However, if your policy is not yet on a stipulated billing cycle, this is typically what you will see when we send you a payroll report. Calculating payroll. A split payroll report is sent when there is an Anniversary Rating Date on your policy, which is the month and day that rates, rating plans and rating systems are initially applied to a policy in force and each annual anniversary thereafter. Your payroll will need to be annotated for each period specified. Sample Split Payroll Report.
We will need a complete employee job description before we add the classification to the policy. Please do not report payroll in the new classification until it has been reviewed and endorsed to your policy. Job Duties Questionnaire. We recommend you keep a copy of your previous payroll reports and payroll records for at least seven years, as you would your tax records. Submitting Payroll Reports. There are three different ways to submit your payroll reports. State Compensation Insurance Fund P.O. Box 7441 San Francisco, CA 94120-7441. Free payroll reports. Customer Center. Important dates.
Pre-Book Your Airport Parking today and save as much as 60% on your Airport Parking. Almost all airport parking car parks offer advance purchase discounts, the earlier you book the more likely you are to save and guarantee you have a spot to park.
With our partnership with HolidayExtras.co.uk the leading provider of Holiday Add Ons; rest assured you'll get the best possibly airport parking price available.
HolidayExtras.co.uk move around 4.3 Million passengers around annually, and it's probably not the first time you've heard of them, so be confident that you are in hands.
The Tullamarine airport is the second largest in all of Australia and is rated in the top four busiest air travel services in the world. In 2015 reports show that the Tullamarine serviced over 33 million people in a year. That's potentially 90,000 customers every single day that are coming and going. So if you're thinking about using the Tullamarine you can assume parking will be an issue.
You can use the official airport's website to find parking specials, simulate cost and even manage any of your parking reservations that are done through the Tullamarine. They also provide a public transportation option called Skybus for those of you that want to opt out of using your own vehicle. For great airport parking deals in Melbourne visit https://www.unitedairportparking.com.au
There are also additional options outside of the airport that provide quality parking services. All of the services allow for reservations and most will offer you a discount if you contact them via website or phone.
Why is it so affordable at www.HolidayExtras.co.uk, Holiday Extras pre-negotiate airport parking from 25 different uk airport, Holiday Extras buy airport parking slots in bulk effectively taking a huge discounts from all the airport parking operators, this is then passed on to the consumer thus it is very possible to save as much as 60% if you pre-book, not only that you can save a lot of money but you also don't have to worry about the parking at the airport; at a time you should be enjoying your holiday or whatever you should be focusing on when you are about to travel.
Know of an event happening? Let us know! We love to get the word out about events the community would be interested in and you can help us spread the word!
Please note that all Legal Aid Ontario offices, as well as our toll‑free number, will be closed on Monday, November 12 in observance of Remembrance Day. All offices and our call centre will resume regular business hours on Tuesday, November 13.
Legal Aid Ontario services that depend on Canada Post mail delivery may be delayed. For more information please click here or call us toll-free at 1-800-668-8258.
Legal Aid Ontario (LAO) has released a discussion paper, Ideas for the Future Development of Clinic Law Delivery Services in Ontario to support the province-wide strategic planning exercise now underway by legal aid clinics in Ontario.
The paper provides ideas on the future development of clinic law delivery services in Ontario. These services represent more than 200,000 active client case files and account for approximately $70 million or 20 per cent of Legal Aid Ontario’s $350 million dollar annual budget.
Clinic law delivery services in Ontario represent more than 200,000 active case files and account for approximately $70 million or 20 per cent of Legal Aid Ontario’s $350 million dollar annual budget.
35 clinics in the GTA, including 13 with a provincial mandate to provide specialty services to particular communities and client groups
This paper provides an overview of trends that have affected clinic law service delivery in the past, paints a portrait of the clinic law service delivery system today, includes reviews and critiques of the system, and outlines principles and ideas to guide the development of ideas on clinic law service delivery in the future.
The goal of this paper is to present LAO’s point of view to the clinic visioning process now underway.
This paper provides a wide range of suggestions on how the 77 clinics that deliver legal services to Ontario’s low-income people can serve this vulnerable population better by modernizing their processes and maximizing their efficiency. It makes an important contribution to the current planning process and to the robust strategic plan Ontario needs to help us transform our poverty law system into one ready to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
In LAO’s view, no idea or proposal is off the table. It expects Ontario’s community law clinics to ask tough questions – and make tough decisions – about the basic assumptions, institutional arrangements and practices that have shaped clinic law services in Ontario for decades.
LAO developed this paper to set out its ideas on how clinic law service delivery can address client needs in the future.
According to LASA, LAO is responsible for providing high quality legal aid services in a cost-effective and efficient manner; encouraging and facilitating flexibility and innovation in the provision of legal aid services; and identifying, assessing and recognizing the diverse legal needs of low-income Ontarians.
LASA states that clinics are the foundation for the provision of clinic law services, but that LAO may provide services by other methods it considers appropriate. LAO oversees the administration of clinics, monitors their operation, sets the standards for their operation and provides funding.
The Association of Community Legal Clinics of Ontario (ACLCO) is an association formed by and comprised of representation from Ontario’s community legal clinics.
These principles will establish the basic objectives of a sustainable, effective clinic law system for Ontario:
Expand access to justice and provide fair and equal access to clinic law services across the province.
Legal Intake: Centralize intake, use protocols to promote efficiency and eliminate unnecessary steps.
Referrals: Establish a relationship with one key resource dedicated to connecting individuals to services and make all referrals to that resource.
Legal advice: Conduct group appointments and workshops to serve multiple clients who have similar legal issues simultaneously.
Back office functions: Consolidate back office functions and run them through one central specialized body, or outsource back office functions to specialists.
Legal information: Create a single online resource that integrates legal information, self-help materials and other online services.
Test cases: Create a single specialist body that pursues test cases in accordance with a coordinated provincial plan. Offer grants to organizations and individuals who are well placed to litigate test cases.
Community development: Use regional teams of specialists to do community development work. Identify community leaders and offer grants or project-based funding to achieve identified outcomes for low-income Ontarians.
LAO will consult with other stakeholders as well in assessing how best to transform the delivery of clinic law services.
LAO oversees the administration of community legal clinics, monitors their operation, sets the standards for their operation and provides funding.
Under LAO’s administration, clinic funding has increased 95% over 13 years. In 1998/99, LAO provided $37.7M in funding for clinic law services and supports. By 2011, clinic law delivery services in Ontario represent more than 200,000 active case files and account for approximately $70 million or 20 per cent of Legal Aid Ontario’s $350 million dollar annual budget. The amount of funding per clinic depends on its size. In 2011/12, LAO funding per clinic ranges from $357,190 to $2,337,135.
Ontario’s community legal clinics deliver clinic law services that address the unique legal needs of low-income people and communities. They are independent, non-profit organizations, each governed by its own local Board of Directors. Each local board tries to match its clinics’ services to meet its area’s priority needs.
Ontario now has 77 separate general service clinics that serve a local geographic area as well as specialty clinics. Every area of the province now falls within a clinic catchment area.
LAO’s specialty clinics serve specific groups (such as seniors, persons with disabilities and people who are urban Aboriginals) or a specific area of law. Their clients reside in all areas of the province. In addition to delivering services to legal aid clients, these clinics are resources to other clinics, to private bar lawyers, MPPs and community agencies.
Lawyers and legal workers in legal clinics provide information, legal advice, and represent people. In addition, clinics also can engage in test cases, public legal education, community organizing, and other law reform initiatives. Clinics use a range of legal tools, including legal advice and brief services, legal representation, community development and law reform.
These terms refer to the services provided by community legal clinics. Clinic law is the term used under the Legal Aid Services Act.
This is the third major discussion paper on clinic law delivery that the LAO has prepared in recent years.
Discussion Paper on the Roles, Responsibilities, Relationships and Accountability Regarding Clinic Law Services, released in July 2008, discussed specific challenges caused by the relationship between LAO and the clinics and ways to address those challenges. Its ongoing goal is to help modernize and professionalize the LAO/clinic relationship by clarifying roles and responsibilities, creating clear accountabilities, further empowering clinics to manage their day-to-day operations, and ensuring optimal effectiveness of clinic law expenditure.
The second, A Discussion Paper on Addressing Clinic Administrative Costs released in May 2010, challenged clinics to streamline their administrative structures in order to preserve resources for client services. This paper discussed clinic funding criteria, performance measurement, needs assessment, funding models, the role and funding of the ACLCO, the provision of services to clinics by LAO, and consultation practices.
Legal Aid Ontario (LAO), an independent but publicly funded and publicly accountable non-profit corporation. None of this material may be commercially reproduced, but copying for other purposes, with credit, is encouraged.
If you've used any Legal Aid Ontario service in the past, we'd like your feedback! This survey will take less than five minutes to complete, is designed to help us improve our services so that we can assist you better and is completely confidential.
This site will look much better in a browser that supports web standards, but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device.
Brute strength is the byword of this class. With their devotion to the arts of war and warfare, they are the undisputed masters of weaponry and armory. Because of their dedication to the fighting arts however, barbarians have neglected the study of the more arcane practices, believing such to be anathema to their code of strength.
You may learn new skills and spells while in the guild by typing practice or level up by typing gain.
© 2000-2018 Legends of Kallisti. All rights reserved. This page may not be reproduced without the express written permission of the owner. For more information, please contact the webmaster.
Generic Xenical Xenical rezeptfrei. Xenical (Orlistat) blocks some of the fat that you eat from being absorbed by your body. Orlistat is used in the management of obesity including weight loss and weight maintenance when used with a reduced-calorie diet. Xenical is the new weight loss medication phenomenon manufactured by Roche Laboratories. Xenical may also be marketed as: Alli, Orlipastat, Orlipastatum, Orlistat
I’ve driven past this lighthouse my entire life. I always wanted to get closer than just peeking at it over the Seal Island Bridge on a drive to town. My session with Doreen and her family allowed me to scratch that wish off my bucket list! Doreen and I played in the Gaelic College Pipe Band as kids and I don’t believe we’ve seen each other since! It was great catching up and lovely to meet her family.
Michael Siu, Professor and Leader of the Public Design Lab, has drawn much attention from invention exhibitions around the world. His inventions, “Chess or the Blind” and “SmartBin – Flexible Modular Recycle Bins”, have brought ome four prestigious awards in the 19th International Invention, Innovation Technology Exhibition (ITEX 2008) held in Malaysia.
“Chess for the Blind” has won three awards, namely ITEX 2008 Best Invention in the Overseas Category, Gold Medal Award and British Invention Show Award. His invention is the first set of Chinese chess with an inclusive and universal concept which allows people with different vision capabilities, including the visually impaired and the blind people, to enjoy playing chess together.
Another award-winning project by Prof Siu is the “SmartBin – Flexible Modular Recycle Bins”, which scooped a Silver Medal in the same event. Jointly developed by PolyU and Poon Kei Engineering Co., this first set of interlocking and knockdown recycle bins is designed to suit the needs of different countries and territories according to their own regulations or requirements on waste separation.
blog.sd.polyu.edu.hk is about who we are, what we do, where we are, and what design has to do with you.
Products designed by SD students are now available in many places in Hong Kong. Check where to buy here!
Teresa’s started following her passions back in 1998 when her interest in massage therapy sparked. She ultimately left the community college she was attending to pursue this interest. This interest very quickly turned into her passion.
Despite the naysayers asserting it wasn’t a real “career” Teresa overcame the judgment and pursued her “passion” in massage therapy. She graduated massage therapy in 1999 and has been successfully practicing this career ever since. This same career opened the door to another passion…yoga. She graduated from Scottsdale Community College in 2004 with her Iyengar and Hatha Yoga Teacher Training Certification and received her pilates certification. Over the years, Teresa has worked in chiropractic offices, gyms, and now owns her own private yoga and massage practice based in Gilbert, Az. Through her love of yoga, the outdoors, and helping people better their lives, she launched an online yoga video program called Sirrine Yoga in July of 2014. The journey has been tough, but her passions and perseverance have led to a client base of NFL players, recognized radio personalities, successful business owners, and everyone in between.
Over the years of working with her clientele, she has had the opportunity to hear their life stories of struggle, triumph, and the journey toward their passion. Their journeys have inspired Teresa to share, and Emily’s story is nothing short of inspiring. With an entrepreneurial outlook, Emily turned her passion of photography into a thriving business!
“In 2007 I graduated with a business degree in Computer Information Systems and began my career working at a software company. I enjoyed my job and worked for some great people, but in the back of my mind I always envisioned myself someday owning my own business. Only problem, I didn’t know what that business was!
A couple years later, I married my college sweetheart and while planning my wedding I discovered this world of creative, small business owners…the florist that created our flowers, the designer that made our invitations, and most inspiring to me, the photographer that photographed our wedding. They were entrepreneurs, they were successful, and they were creative. I rather quickly became intrigued, and maybe a little obsessed, with photography and the world of weddings. I bought a decent camera and practiced A LOT with my friends and their kids. Thanks to Facebook, my images got out there and a complete stranger approached me about photographing their wedding. I was flattered, terrified, and excited. I shot that wedding, my first wedding, in the fall of 2010 and fell even more in love with photography. It was fun, it was rewarding, and it brought out this creative side of me that I didn’t know existed. One wedding led to another and over the next year I photographed 23 weddings and 60 portrait sessions, all while still working full-time at my day job. It was amazing, but it was exhausting. I came to the point where I had to make a choice between my career in IT and photography. At the end of that year I made the plunge and went full-time in photography, my passion.
I am now in the fourth year of business. I love working and growing with my clients as they grow their family, I love managing the business side, and most recently, I love the flexibility that owning my own business has brought as I start a family of my own.”
Our travel diary to document our travel and camping adventures and to share them with our family and friends.
The first job for today, was to go for a swim. Just a stroll out of our camp site and onto the beach for a swim. It was nearly high tide so there was plenty of water.
After a relaxing float around it was time to get ready to go out for lunch. We were catching up with my parents who were on their way home from house sitting our house for a few days. We had lunch at Enzos cafe that was situated right on the beach front. http://enzosonthebeach.com.au/
After lunch and saying goodbye to Mum and Dad, it was back to doing a whole lot of nothing for the rest of the afternoon!!!
If you like the blog and would like to see more, shout us some diesel to help keep us travelling :-)
© Steven and Jodie Bowden and no unauthorised use of images or text is permitted. Picture Window theme. Theme images by Sookhee Lee. Powered by Blogger.
I love grilled cheese sandwiches, nude model Aria Giovanni loves grilled cheese sandwiches, and she even teaches us how to make one correctly. I also love massive boobs--Aria Giovanni has massive boobs. I think Aria and I could have a harmonious relationship. [Via Hollywoodtuna]
A new Cthulhu paint by David Ellis. Only 1 item so check out the store to find more if it comes out of stock. Graphite on paper. Approximately 8.25 x...
With artist Pestmeester. His unique style lends a rugged old journal look to it, making it broodingly timeless.
One inch scale dollhouse Cthulhu miniature for the occult investigator's library. Handmade 1:12 scale dollhouse accessory for the collector of scientific curiosities. The piece is designed for 1:12 scale (1...
Based on the stone idol from H. P. Lovecraft’s "The Call of Cthulhu", this statue is cast in Polyurethane Resin to produce an incredibly tough rendition of the greenish-black stone...
Awesome Lovecraft bust: Tormented Life Size Wall Hanger Made of resin cast Only two of this wall hanger was painted this is one of them Comes with certificate of authenticity
The Cthulhu Lovecraft Knit Sweater is a must-have this season with it’s amazing print inspired from your favourite anthropoid monster. It’s made out of a 100% heavy weight acrylic material...
Cthulhu will not die. His cult worships him for the evil beast he is. Their chants of "Ph'nglui mglw'nafh C'thulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn" will put chills down your spine. The...
After an unwanted guest threatens to derail the partnership before it begins, Tesla is told to find a copy of the Necronomicon at Brown University. Lovecraft's former professor, however, has...
Cthulhu Shop is a guide to discover products inspired by Lovecraft and Cthulhu Mythos, including a store to buy featured products.
Use the discovery menu to find awesome products and visit their creators, or buy directly visit the store to buy directly some curated products.
Do you want your products to be listed on our discovery section? Just submit your product here and we will include it soon, providing you more users to your site (free service).
LOCAL PICKUP ONLY, UNLESS PREVIOUSLY APPROVED BY SELLER. All items start at $1 with no reserve. Sale ends November 10th at 7:00pm for the first item, the remaining items finish times are staggered by two minutes apart. The pick up date is November 12th from 5-7 PM. The auction site is located in zip code 01106.
Placing a bid is an agreement to purchase. If you are the winning bidder, you are committed to purchasing and picking up your item(s) or making shipping arrangements.
If you bid, you MUST be available to pick up your purchases on the scheduled pick up date unless you have made prior shipping arrangements.
Please bring necessary tools and help for picking up large items. Loading assistance is not available. Some items may be located in the basement.
Please wait for your online invoice to be emailed to you before paying, so that we can group multiple wins on one invoice.
Invoices will be sent out once the sale has completely closed. Payment is due immediately upon receipt of invoice.
If we do not hear from you within 24 hours of the auction's close, your items will be resold to the next highest bidder and your bidding privileges will be revoked.
Shipping is available at the buyer's expense. We use USPS Priority Mail. After your sale invoice is paid, you will receive a separate PayPal invoice for shipping charges. Depending on the size of the sale and amount of shipping, it may be several days after pickup before you receive your shipping invoice.
If you require shipping, please send an email to cwhite@caringtransitions.com so that we know not to expect you at pickup.
Any items not picked up during the scheduled pickup time will be considered abandoned and will be donated or resold. If items are transported to a different location due to failure to pick up during the scheduled time, a $20 per lot transport fee will be charged.
We have made every effort to describe this item as accurately as possible. Expect normal signs of wear associated with antiques, vintage, and used items. We do not list every flaw. All items are sold AS IS. No refunds or returns. Caring Transitions does not guarantee the working order of any clock, watch, electronic or mechanical device. Dimensions given may be approximate.
Copyright © 2018 Caring Transitions Online Auctions. All Rights Reserved. No part of this web page may be reproduced in any way, or by any means, without the prior written permission of Caring Transitions Online Auctions.
in Proceedings of 44th European Conference on Optical Communication (ECOC 2018), 23-27 September 2018, Roma (Italy).
the use of articles under IEEE copyright is governed by the IEEE copyright policy (available at http://www.ieee.org/web/publications/rights/copyrightpolicy.html)
By accepting I agree to acknowledge and respect the rights of the copyright owner of the document I am about to access.
This past weekend I had the opportunity to listen to a presentation on “To Reshore or Offshore.” I had never heard the term “Reshore” before. Being in the manufacturing industry in the United States it seems all you hear about is how companies are moving their manufacturing to places like Mexico or China. It was refreshing to hear of a growing movement of companies moving their manufacturing back toAmerica or “Reshoring.” Following are some points that were made during the presentation by Harry Moser who is the founder of the Reshoring Initiative. The Reshoring Initiative, is an industry-led effort to bring manufacturing jobs back to the United States. The initiative works with U.S. manufacturers to help them recognize their profit potential as well as the critical role they play in strengthening the economy by utilizing local sourcing and production.
The massive U.S.trade deficit is a major cause of the decline of U.S.manufacturing over the past several decades, the high unemployment rate and debilitating budget deficit. Domestic suppliers have watched as large manufacturers have offshored work and well-paying jobs. Offshoring ultimately contributes to waste and instability.
Reshoring is an efficient way to reduce imports, increase exports and regain manufacturing jobs in the United States. It’s also the fastest and most efficient way to strengthen the U.S. economy.
For the nation, reshoring brings back desirable jobs that have been lost to decades of offshoring. Reshoring also helps manufacturers recover from offshoring’s poor quality, trade secret thefts, supply chain disruptions and lengthy delivery times — all while staying cost competitive.
These reasons have been true for years. Now the company benefits of reshoring are growing daily as offshore sourcing faces increased wages and currencies, higher transportation and fuel costs, and inability to provide required responsiveness. Nationally, reshoring breaks out of the waiting-for-policy-decisions problem (currency, trade negotiations) and the economic zero-sum-game (taxes and spending).
Many companies are shifting their operations back to the U.S. because offshoring has hindered their ability to rapidly deliver goods, maintain low inventories, uphold competitive costs and meet demand for rapid adjustments to unique products.
© 2010 Super Tool – Precision Cutting Tool Manufacturer. All Rights Reserved. Greyzed Theme created by The Forge Web Creations. Powered by WordPress.
Gilbert Public Schools | Gilbert AZ 140 South Gilbert Road, Gilbert AZ 85296 www.gilbertschools.net Gilbert Public Schools (GPS), previously known as Gilbert Unified School District #41, is a school district based in Gilbert, Arizona. Gilbert Public School covers most of Gilbert and parts of Mesa and Chandler. Gilbert Public Schools is recognized for its rigorous, […]
Tags: Campo Verde High School, Desert Ridge High School, Desert Ridge Junior High, Gilbert High School, Gilbert Junior High, Gilbert Unified School District, Greenfield Junior High, Highland High School, Highland Junior High, Mesquite High School, Mesquite Junior High, South Valley Junior High
Copyright © 2000-2014 Keller Williams ® Realty. - a real estate franchise company. All information provided is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified. Properties subject to prior sale or rental. Each brokerage is independently owned and operated.
Online Library → Edward E Cleal → The story of Congregationalism in Surrey → online text (page 1 of 31)
All regionsCariboo - Prince GeorgeKootenaysLower MainlandNortheastOnlineSkeena - NortheastThompson - OkanaganVancouver Island
The Sunshine Coast Child Care Resource and Referral Program is seeking proposals for two-hour workshops at our annual conference, "Exploration and Discovery" to be held October 21, 2017 in Sechelt, BC. The deadline to submit a proposal is Friday, June 16, 2017. For more information please email coastccrr@sccss.ca, visit our website http://www.coastccrr.ca/ or call 604-885-5657.
Phone: (604) 709-6063 · Toll free: (800) 797-5602 · Fax: (604) 709-6077 · Email: membership[at]ecebc.ca
This chart represents the points earned for each of the 3 events Timothy has participated in over the past 24 months.
As kids, we all fought with our friends from time to time. As an adult, do you get in fights with your friends? What do the fights tend to be about?
"The basic idea behind open source is very simple. When programmers on the Internet can read, redistribute, and modify the source for a piece of software, it evolves. People improve it, people adapt it, people fix bugs. And this can happen at a speed that, if one is used to the slow pace of conventional software development, seems astonishing...
Personal genome information application: view the specific genes and SNPs (location of potential genetic mutations or "typos") that research has linked to different conditions. Three views are available: health condition risk (Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, cancers, etc.), drug response for over 200 drugs (statins, warfarin, clopidogrel, viagra, caffeine, alcohol, etc.), and athletic performance (endurance, strength, recovery, tendon strength, etc.).
Bonus: upload your 23andMe personal genome data to check your specific profile for the different conditions. (Email your 23andMe zip file to the mobile; click on the attachment in email or in downloads manager and an option to import it into DIYgenomics will appear. Delete private data later if desired from the DIYgenomics app menu.)
Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Any other Trademarks used in the Site are trademarks of their respective owners.
There was one scene where we needed a stormy, rainy day … On the second to last day the ocean picked up, the waves had gotten bigger, the wind turned and it all went ugly and it was big and gnarly and rainy and horrible. My wife was laughing, she said, ‘what did you expect? I prayed for this.’
– Writer/director Tarry Mortlock on being blessed during filming, quoted in The NZ Herald, 31 October 2016
MANNAHATTA @ Aotearoa Māori Film Festival 21 October Te Wairua Tapu Church aotearoamaorifilmfestival.com Director/Writer Renae Maihi (Māori) 2016 15 min NZ/USA In the city that never sleeps wanders a ghost that cannot rest. ImagineNative 2016.
Marathon is a motivational drama that provides insight of the Maori culture through Phillip’s relationship with the Tuhoe people, through its culture, ceremonies and landscapes. The story is centered around Phillip, a music teacher, discovers his neurosis of being a 40 year old male that has been unable to find a partner. Phillip…
Director/Screenplay Qianna Titore Producer Eloise Veber New Zealand • In English and Māori with English subtitles 9 minutes A Māori girl receives a precious waiata composed by her deceased grandfather. In this story from Hokianga, tragedy strikes but there is hope in a new beginning. — CF
The Tuhoe Color New Zealand | 2016 | 11 min | English | Sebastian Vidal Bustamante The Tuhoe Colour showcases Tame Wairere Iti – the New Zealand artist and the creative space he created in Taneatua at the centre of the Tuhoe heartland.
The 5th Aotearoa Māori Film Festival Saturday 21 October 2017 @ Te Wairua Tapu Sydney Aotearoa Māori Film Festival
TAMA Directors Jared Flitcroft (Maori, Deaf) & Jack O’Donnell 2017 9 min NZ Tama is the result of a unique collaboration between deaf and hearing filmmakers. Tama is about a young Maori deaf boy who wants to learn the Haka. On a near fatal car trip, Tama has to confront his family. In his struggle…
In the Tūhoe tribe of the bush clad mountain forests of New Zealand, women and land are the essence of life. For women and land Tūhoe would go to war, they would fight to the death. In Tuhoe the two are inextricably intertwined. Women represent the mother earth, the womb is “whenua” & “whenua” is…
2017 Leader Board 2016 Leader Board 2015 Leader Board 2014 Leader Board 2013 Leader Board 2012 Leader Board 2011 Leader Board 2010 Leader Board 2009 Leader Board 2008 Leader Board
2017 Youth Leader Board 2016 Youth Leader Board 2015 Youth Leader Board 2014 Youth Leader Board 2013 Youth Leader Board 2012 Youth Leader Board 2011 Youth Leader Board 2010 Youth Leader Board 2009 Youth Leader Board
Time management, or really more life management, can get in the way of our dreams. I originally wanted to have most of my images from our 2017 New Zealand adventure at least organized by now. Of course other things took priority, while daily chores and challenges pushed their way through to the top of the stack. So, I am going to take it one at a time, and push those very photos I want to work on here to give myself a little rule to help push back. now that's the hard part over. Let's get these other piggies wiggling!
I love taking photos like this from a moving vehicle. The style fills my memories with energy while also giving me permission to day dream a bit. They tend to really feel like no where and anywhere all at once. posted 6.27.17 when I should of been packing for PEX
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. 1trannyporn.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All tube vids and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (156) October 2018 (359) September 2018 (412) August 2018 (159) July 2018 (245) June 2018 (322) May 2018 (393) April 2018 (351) March 2018 (500) February 2018 (320) January 2018 (418) December 2017 (347) November 2017 (433) October 2017 (391) September 2017 (296) August 2017 (109) July 2017 (130) June 2017 (208) May 2017 (245) April 2017 (186) March 2017 (232) February 2017 (173) January 2017 (206) December 2016 (177) November 2016 (217) October 2016 (157) September 2016 (127) August 2016 (52) July 2016 (101) June 2016 (80) May 2016 (77) April 2016 (60) March 2016 (46) February 2016 (38) January 2016 (31) December 2015 (8) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (8) September 2015 (10) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (16) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (2) January 2015 (7)
Bonnie Pitman, the director of the Dallas Museum of Art who’s stepping down this month for reasons of health, will also be getting a national distinguished service honor — in recognition of her ‘innovation and creativity.’
Bonnie Pitman announced last month that she’ll be stepping down this month as director of the Dallas Museum of Art because of health reasons. But later this month, she’ll also be receiving an award — one of the bigger honors in the museum world.
The American Association of Museums will present Pitman with its Distinguished Service Award May 25 at its annual meeting and expo in Houston. The award is meant to honor a person who’s demonstrated “sustained excellence and unusual service” for 20 years or more. Specifically, Pitman is described as “the personification of innovation and creativity” who has “changed the cultural life of Dallas” — through the DMA’s many acquisitions and such audience enhancements as the monthly Late Nights, the Center for Creative Connections and the innovations in education and interpretation offered in her new book, Ignite the Power of Art: Advancing Visitor Engagement in Museums.
Museum Director, Educator, Author, Innovator to be Honored at AAM Annual Meeting & MuseumExpo™ in Houston May 25
WASHINGTON, D.C. (May 6, 2011) ─ The Board of Directors of the American Association of Museums today announced that Bonnie Pitman, the Eugene McDermott Director of the Dallas Museum of Art and for nearly 40 years the personification of innovation and creativity in the museum field, is the recipient of its Award for Distinguished Service to Museums for 2011.
Pitman will receive her award at the AAM Annual Meeting & MuseumExpo™ in Houston during the general session on Wednesday, May 25 at 10:30 a.m.
The AAM Award for Distinguished Service to Museums recognizes sustained excellence and unusual service by an individual with at least 20 years of experience in the field. Criteria include the individual’s cumulative contribution to his/her institution, the museum profession and the larger museum community. This award is not necessarily given annually.
“Few individuals in the last half century have made such an imprint on museums in America as has Bonnie Pitman,” said AAM Board Chairman Douglas Myers. “Through her selfless service, her scholarship, her innovative thinking, her mentoring and overall leadership, Bonnie has set a standard the rest of us in the museum world can only strive to achieve.”
Pitman has changed the cultural life of Dallas. During her tenure in Dallas, more than 3,500 works have been given to the Museum as gifts or by bequest, including outstanding works of African art, ancient American art, South Asian art, Indonesian tribal arts and American 19th- and 20th-century painting and decorative arts, as well as significant growth in the European painting and decorative arts collection including works by French masters Paul Signac, Edouard Vuillard, and Gustave Caillebotte and German expressionist Ernst Ludwig Kirchner. The DMA’s contemporary collection has also seen dramatic growth, thanks to the 2005 collection bequest by local collectors and major new acquisitions by artists including David Altmejd, Olafur Eliasson, Jim Hodges, Bruce Nauman, Charles Ray and Yayoi Kusama.
In addition, Pitman has spearheaded initiatives that advance the DMA’s mission to enhance visitor experiences with art. These include monthly Late Nights, when the museum is open until midnight, and a strong focus on new ways to encounter the collections, including innovative uses of technology in the galleries and on the website and collaborations with arts and educational organizations. Her work has culminated in the 2008 opening of the Center for Creative Connections, an interactive and innovative learning environment that provides a new model for art education and interpretation of the collections. The Center focuses on the creative processes of the artist as well as on those of the visitors engaging with works of art. The Center’s programming is based on an original visitor research project headed by Pitman that examined in depth the ways in which visitors prefer to experience art, the results of which have fundamentally changed the Museum’s programming, operations, and relationships with its constituencies.
Her most recent publication is Ignite the Power of Art: Advancing Visitor Engagement in Museums, based on her progressive approach at the DMA and the resulting visitor experiences with works of art.
In addition to leading the DMA since 2008, after eight years as its deputy director, Pitman also led the Bay Area Discovery Museum in Sausalito, California. During her career she has served in curatorial, educational and administrative roles at the University of California’s Berkeley Art Museum, the Seattle Art Museum, the New Orleans Museum of Art and Winnipeg Art Gallery. Long a leading thinker in the field, Pitman has authored or co-authored four books, including the landmark Excellence and Equity: Education and the Public Dimension of Museums, a signature work that altered the perceived role of museums in society and which is still regarded as the landmark policy report for all types of museums 20 years after it was first published.
“Just like the museums that have been her calling, Bonnie Pitman is all about service,” said AAM president Ford W. Bell. “That spirit of service starts with the communities her museums have touched, and extends all the way to the broader museum profession. Certainly Bonnie’s contributions to AAM have been monumental, and integral to the organization’s development and success.”
Pitman has served on the AAM Board of Directors a total of 12 years, beginning a series of three-year terms in 1976. Pitman also served as Vice President of the AAM Executive Committee three times, and her most recent three-year Board term ended in April 2010. She was also a member of the AAM Accreditation Commission from 1985 to 1997, serving as commission chair from 1991 to 1997. From 1989 through 1994, Pitman also chaired the AAM National Task Force on Museum Education, from whence stemmed Excellence and Equity.
Among her other affiliations, Pitman is a member of the Association of American Art Museum Directors and served on the National Advisory Committee for the Getty Center for Education in the Arts.
Pitman has worked as a consultant to more than 200 organizations and museums, such as the Pew Charitable Trust’s Program for Art Museums and Communities; the National Endowment for the Arts; the National Endowment for the Humanities; the Institute of Museum and Library Services; the National Science Foundation; Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, New York; the Museum of African Art, New York; WNET-TV, New York; the Denver Art Museum; the Bishop Museum, Honolulu; the Museum Association of Great Britain; and the Victoria and Albert Museum, London.
The American Association of Museums has been bringing museums together since 1906, helping to develop standards and best practices, gathering and sharing= knowledge, and providing advocacy on issues of concern to the entire museum community. With more than 18,000 individual, 3,000 institutional and 300 corporate members, AAM is dedicated to ensuring that museums remain a vital part of the American landscape, connecting people with the greatest achievements of the human experience, past, present and future. For more information, visit www.aam-us.org.
If you can't afford to replace your existing wooden kitchen cabinets with new ones or you just fancy a change of look, you might want to consider staining them. This is a simple and inexpensive project that can be tackled in just a day. Read on to find out how to do it.
Your first job is to clean the cabinet fronts to get rid of any dust and grease. To do this, make up a mild solution of washing-up liquid and warm water and apply it the cabinets with a sponge. Rinse off any residual soap suds with clean water and then dry the cabinets using a cloth. Allow the cabinets to air-dry fully for a couple of hours before proceeding to the next step.
Begin by lightly sanding the cabinets using the coarse 120-grit sandpaper to get rid of any existing varnish or paint. Make sure that you follow the natural grain of the wood so that you don't end up with too many scratches.
Next, use the finer 220-grit sandpaper to get rid of any scratch marks and give the wood a really smooth finish.
Use a damp cloth to wipe away any sanding dust, and then use a clean paintbrush to apply a coat of wood conditioner. The conditioner works to seal the wood and helps the stain to go on evenly. Allow the conditioner to dry.
Your next job is to apply the wood stain. Use a clean cloth for this and work in a circular motion, rubbing the stain well into the wood. When the whole cabinet front is covered, go over it again following the line of the grain so that you end up with a nice, even finish. Allow the stain to dry completely.