And of course we’ve still got copies left of our limited-edition Jukebox Records CLEAR VINYL 7”, which features the too-weird-to-be-made-up story of “Tashirojima”, our acoustic Beach Boys sendup “Naked Beach Party on the White House Lawn”, and covers of songs by folk agitators Phil Ochs and Woody Guthrie!
Finally, remember when we had that documentary crew following us around on tour? Well, the documentary short Trainwreck to Narnia is fully operational, and director Dylan Bergeson has been gathering a pile of accolades since its release.
At the recent 2014 Albany Film Fest, the film captured the awards for Best Documentary Short and the grand prize of Best In Show! His documentary also recently won the Margaret & William Hearst Award for Excellence in Documentary Film! Huge congrats to Dylan on this recognition for his film!
And now you can see the film for yourself; rent it in the pants-optional comfort of your own home for only $3.50! Rent it at this link: http://distrify.com/films/7999-trainwreck-to-narnia
Well, that’s about it for now. We’ve got other pots bubbling and projects a-coming, and we’ll let you know as new batches of steaming goodness plop off the ass-embly line. We hope to see you at our upcoming shows, but either way, be good to each other, eat your vegetables, and get to bed at a reasonable hour. Ta ta for now!
It smells like falling leaves, like frantic last-minute barbecues, like rain on cooling asphalt. Oh, and that other smell? Whoops, sorry about that….
Wha-wha-what? You mean to tell me that summer has come and gone since the last update from Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits?!? Egad, it seems like just a moment ago we finished our last missive, wayyy back in late June. But in fact we have been so consumed with our quixotic quest, that it has just plumb slipped our minds to write another one of these missives.
What is that quest, we hear you ask? Faithful Friends and Fans, our mission remains the same as always: to bring you the awful Truth of this world, in tasty jumbo-sized (mac)nuggits of music, film, print, live performance, and whatever other morsels we can deliver from our greymeats to yours. So strap yourself in, down or on, because we have a LOT to tell you about. And heeeerre we go!
When we left off last time, we were scrambling to raise funds for a couple of impending projects, and hurriedly putting the finishing touches on others. Well, we’re glad to announce that over the last couple of months, nearly all of those impending projects have come off the assembly line and are available for you to enjoy! Thanks to all who donated and support our band in any way, financial or otherwise. You have made so much possible for us!
This summer, we announced the long-awaited release of Bad Boys Gotta Rock It!, a double-cassette live album out on San Francisco-based Selfish Satan Recordings. Over a decade in the making, this album pulls together the best and weirdest of our live performances from 1996-2012, from acoustic basement shows and early studio experiments to radio appearances and packed full-band rock shows! If you’ve never seen us live, this is the next best thing; maybe even better because you don’t have to smell us. If you were at some of our shows in the old days, this release will take you back to days of yore. You might even hear your own voice, singing along or heckling us!
But ladies and germs, that’s just the tip of the Ebola-berg. Last month, we were ECSTATIC to finally announce our one-two dick-punch into the world of comics publishing, with the simultaneous release of TWO books: The Bobby Joe Ebola Songbook and Meal Deal With The Devil. Thanks to an enormous leap of faith by our friends at Portland’s own Microcosm Publishing, both books are now available in many stores and to purchase online! Both books will be in stores, large and small, worldwide on November 15th through IPG and Turnaround UK distributors!
For those of you who don’t know what we’re talking about, Meal Deal With The Devil is a fantastically silly throwback to those old readalong storybooks from the 80’s. Gorgeously illustrated by Jason Chandler of Horrible Comics, Meal Deal comes includes a CD EP, with two “story-songs” that allow you to read along with the track. Three tracks of original Bobby Joe Ebola songs round out the CD, making Meal Deal With The Devil a hellishly entertaining package for bratty little monsters with medium- to low-maturity levels. Read a recent review of it here: http://www.verbicidemagazine.com/2013/09/26/meal-deal-with-the-devil-dan-abbott-jason-chandler-corbett-redford-book-cd-review/
The Bobby Joe Songbook is 192 pages of AWESOME. Edited by the aforementioned Mr. Chandler, this tome contains everything you need to be an obscure comedy band! Lyrics and chords to 98 easy-to-learn Bobby Joe Ebola songs stand amidst DIY how-to essays, embarrassing facts about the band, Pinole trivia, puzzles, and much more! Best of all, EVERY PAGE is full of amazing art by over 40 of our favorite artists, including Winston Smith, Dakota McFadzean, Jennie Cotterill, Mitch Clem, Cristy Road, Andy Warner, Keeli McCarthy, Petr Sorfa, Max Clotfelter, Jon Carling, Mike Foxall, Shielaugh Divelbiss, Richie Bucher, Ben Catmull, Eryc Why, Jason Novak and many more!
So, not to pat ourselves on the back too much, but between these two books we’ve pretty much got your bathroom reading covered for the foreseeable future, along with your bong-aided time-slaying sessions. See for yourself!
Stores! Are you interested in carrying the two new BJE books? For wholesale inquires, visit http://MicrocosmPublishing.Com/
What’s that, you say? Vinyl is making a comeback? No duh, says Merchy, our long-suffering merch table, barely standing up under the weight of our assortment of records, books, shirts and buttons. Open wide, Merchy, ‘cause hot off the presses, we’ve got TWO NEW 7” RECORDS!
First up, check out the Kreamy ‘Lectric Santa/Bobby Joe Ebola 7″ EP OUT NOW ON Chattanooga’s own Mayfield’s All Killer No Filler! This four song EP features two songs each from BJE & KLS, awesome artwork by Amy Mayfield & Hillary Trammel, liner notes and a cool Mayfield’s vinyl sticker! BJE songs are the original BJE saxophone rocker, “The Poor” and a cover of Tom Lehrer‘s “My Hometown“. KLS songs are the original “Nothing Youth Battalion” and the cover of The Trash Monkeys’ “Beautiful Boy/Beautiful Girl“!
We MacNuggits have always had much love for the “Region Rockers” of Chattanooga, Tennessee and for the ever-weird art-punk band KLS. This 7″ is representative of that love to us!
TO ORDER YOURS: EMAIL MAYFIELDRECORDS@GMAIL.COM and the good folks there will write you back, get your shipping address & will send you a Paypal invoice so you can pay for your order. 7″s are $6 plus shipping (shipping costs varies on location). Stores & Distros: Email the same address to ask about wholesale cost!
This 7″ will feature the BRAND NEW & UNRELEASED song “Tashirojima”, written about the true story of the harrowing survival of the citizens of “Cat Island” during the 2011 Japanese tsunami AND our BRAND NEW & UNRELEASED cover of Phil Ochs‘ “Draft Dodger Rag“! Two other BJE tracks fill the sucker out for good measure!
Run by Dave of Lucky Laquers, JUKEBOX RECORDS is a subscription service where you can get 6 months ($30) or 12 months ($60) of 7″s arriving to your door - you get one new 7″ every month plus subscribers get a BONUS 7″! That’s seven 7″s for $30 or 13 7″s for $60! Whatta deal! Each 7″ also comes with a custom printed center hole adapter and amazing sleeve art by artists Ken Lyon (2013 7″s) and Peter Bagge (2014 7″s)! Each 7″ features at least one original and one cover by each band!
Order your subscription now over at http://www.jukebox-records.com/index.php - let them know you’d like the Bobby Joe Ebola 7″ in your subscription!
And after months of nail-gnawing anticipation, it’s finally screening! The award-winning documentary short Trainwreck to Narnia, directed by Dylan Bergeson, follows our 2012 West Coast tour, as we prepared for our first-ever performance at The Troubadour in Los Angeles! Join us November 10th at The New Parkway in Oakland for the first public screening of the film!
And this is probably a good segue into another exciting development in Ebola-land – our return to the stage! You may have noticed our absence from live performance since, good god, way back in May. Last month, we broke our fast with an acoustic performance in Portland to celebrate the release of our books. And we’ve got a bunch of gigs and appearances coming up before year’s end, so hopefully we can make up for lost time!
11/10 – OAKLAND, CA – @ The New Parkway Theater (“Trainwreck to Narnia” documentary screening, live performance and Q&A)
More shows and details will likely be confirmed soon, so check our Upcoming Shows calendar to stay on top of things.
And as we gaze into our crystal balls, we predict…. a LIVE ALBUM! That’s right, by popular demand, we’ll be recording a brand-new acoustic live album in October, to be released on Rooftop Comedy Productions. The record will feature some classic Bobby Joe Ebola songs, and a few never-before-released tracks. Two voices. One guitar. Stay tuned, and we’ll have more details about that release as soon as it is released.
There’s so much more going on right now. We’ve got more music videos in the works, more recording projects, weirder merchandise, and ever-more ambitious flights of fancy that will leave you breathless and perhaps a little nauseous. In the fullness of time, this will all be revealed.
And that uncertainty is part of the fun, isn’t it? We may not have the jetpack and pneumatic-tube future we were promised; we may live in a rather dystopian cyberpunk world of flying killer robots, flesh-eating dope and creeping radioactive doom. But we can grow hamburgers now, and we might have light sabers soon. That’s something to look forward to, isn’t it? Until next time, friends and fans, be good to one another.\
Out from beneath the rubble of a thousand-year-old pyramid, from amid the post-nuclear dust cloud and the crackle of blood still frying on stone steps, a faint sound can be heard… Is it the call of some new mutant species of bird, warbling out a paean for dead billions; the feathered, scaled idiot herald of a new, post-Anthropocene era? The alien chittering of vengeful pan-dimensional beings, triumphantly arisen from the oceans to take back this pitiful planet and usher in a new Chaos Age?
No, dear friends, it is none of these things. The sound you hear could be us, whistling a jaunty air from our bunker! The prophecies proved themselves false in the fullness of time (though there will be more doomsday predictions, or what will Weekly World News write about?); We’re still standing, and the Great Slate, cluttered though it may be with obscene scribbles and words of cruelty and injustice, has not been wiped clean… yet.
And here at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits, your purveyors of wrong in song, we’ve been looking back on our 2012 day-planners with a slight sense of disbelief. We made it, most of us, and here we stand in the Post Apocalypse. Welcome, folks, to 2013!
If you’ve been following our exploits, you know that 2012 was a banner year for this band. New shows, new releases, new videos, bigger and better adventures, and a growing sense that we can actually do this. With the help and encouragement of our friends and fans (and boy is there a lot of overlap there), we’ve accomplished more in 2012 than any band has a right to hope for. And believe it or not, we’re planning even more outrageous adventures for 2013.
In January, we crossed the Pond for The UnNamed Fest in London. Our first trek beyond North America, this was an insane weekend with lots of old friends, and plenty of new friends as well! Thanks to the organizers and all of the awesome bands and friends we played with including Prima Donna, Mystic Knights of the Cobra, The Phenomenauts, Kepi Ghoulie and more!
In February, we returned to Dutch Oven Studios in Oakland for another round of recording, part of an epic session which had begun in August 2011. At this point, the Dutch Oven was starting to feel like a second home. We also found time to film a music video for “The Only Difference” with Chris Poeschl of Rock Rock Media, starring Oakland phenom Jamie Dewolf as a yuppie-killing baddie (or goodie, depending on your point of view) – check out the video below!
March started with a bang, when we played The Independent in San Francisco, a new milestone for us. We filmed more videos, including the crowdfunded epic video for “Life is Excellent” and “Jornaderos”, and started a fundraising campaign to purchase a tour vehicle. And thanks to our faithful fans, and the high-pressure squirting of internet tubes, we were able to buy our van, which we dubbed Malaena, the Ebola Gay. Check out our video for Jornaderos below!
In April, Malaena proved a faithful steed as we embarked upon our first tour as a full band. In two weeks we hit the seven westernmost states, and were excited to play Gathering of the Goofpunx in Portland, Way Out West Fest in Tucson, and a crapload of other fun shows throughout the West. We made a ‘zine from that tour, which is available at our merch table! And again, we squeezed in a video, this one for “Waking Up is Hard To Do”, also with Rock Rock Media and starring our buddy Chino Cobra (guitarist for Mystic Knights Of The Cobra) as our love child.
For much of May, Dan was out of town with his other awesome band Thee HoboGobbelins, but the Ebola train kept rolling. We played The Rickshaw Stop, another one of SF’s premiere venues, and spent every available moment recording at The Dutch Oven, while booking a huge festival and a US tour. You know, just hanging out.
Which brings us to June. We started the month with one of the year’s highlights, Monsters of Geek. If you missed it, this was an incredible two-day festival at The Uptown in Oakland, featuring some of our favorite bands, all in top form. Shortly after that, we hit the road for the Doo-Doo Crayon Tour, roughly 12,000 miles of fart jokes and coffee! Dan and Corbett, two grizzled road warriors, hunched over the steering wheel for epic driving marathons and utterly mindblowing shows. We’re so glad we got to take part in so many festivals and fantastic lineups this tour, including Libertatia (CA), Punk Island (NY) and Do Ya Hear We? Fest (Chattanooga). Thanks as always to everyone who showed us kindness on the Road, whether for the first time or the umpteenth time. You haven’t seen the last of us!
Tour stretched into the early part of July, and when we arrived home we were feeling kinda lazy. So we contented ourselves with merely playing 11 shows and staring slackjawed at the video premiere of “Bone Dagger”!!! This beautifully animated music video from Mike Foxall of XRay Studios was a new plateau for us, and we hope you guys out there enjoyed watching it as much as we did. Check it out below!
August was a month of frantic production work and saw the premieres of two great videos: “Sandwiches & Ammunition”, a claymation tour de force from director and animator Janelle Hessig, and the long-awaited “Life is Excellent”, directed by comedian Alex Koll and featuring a cast of over 100 talented (and patient) artists, performers, fans and friends. The premiere coincided with a feature article in the Huffington Post, which, hey, pretty spiffy! We also put the finishing touches on over a year’s worth of studio work. Check out the videos for Sandwiches & Ammunition and Life Is Excellent below!
In September we headed to San Diego for Awesome Fest, and played several great local shows with the likes of Marked Men, Fleshies, This Bike Is A Pipebomb and Kyle Kinane! We also started working on booking our Fall tours, which as you fellow travelers may know, can be a labyrinth of overlapping phone calls, emails, texts and endless notebook scribblings.
October saw the release of the Bone Dagger 7” from Suckerpunch Records. We were so excited about this because it was the first release from all the hours we’d spent in studio. Thanks to all the many folks who fed our excitement pre-ordered the records and the Super Bundle (still available and includes a huge poster, buttons, a shirt, stickers and more all in a DRAGON SKIN collector’s box!), and all who have purchased it since. You can still pick them up at any of our live shows, or through Suckerpunch at : http://suckerpunchrecords.bigcartel.com/product/bobby-joe-ebola-bone-dagger-7
November marked the first half of our Bone Dagger Tour! We headed up to Portland and back as an acoustic duo for some super-duper shows, returning into the swirl of production for this year’s batch of releases. We were also proud to premiere another video, “Pac-Man & Pop Tarts”, directed by our longtime co-conspirator Anthony Marchitiello. And we spent a couple of days filming our latest video “Blues Turn Brown”, directed again by Chris from Rock Rock Media. Watch the Pac-Man & Pop Tarts video below!
December shot us out a rock’n’roll cannon! We started the second half of our Bone Dagger Tour opening up for World/Inferno Friendship Society and O’Death, for three fantastic, fun-filled nights; Slim’s (SF), The Troubadour (LA), and The Casbah (San Diego). Woot, as the kids say. Thanks to all who came to support us at those shows, and the rest of our Southern CA shows later in the month! We were honored to play some of these legendary stages for the first time ever and doubly so to be playing with such great bands!
And right after we got home from that tour, it was time to celebrate the official release of our new album, Trainwreck to Narnia. Thanks to the kind assistance of Rooftop Comedy Productions and Dirt Cult Records, who worked with us and each other to get the record out on CD, LP and online formats, Trainwreck to Narnia is available just about every way you could want it. Thanks to all who pre-ordered the record, and those of you who keep playing it for friends and neighbors at high volume!
Oh, but that’s not all. The year ended with a friggin’ amazing sold out show at Oakland’s Uptown Nightclub December 29, with us supporting the legendary NEGATIVLAND! Holy wow, it was a packed show full of friends and appreciative strangers. The best release party we’ve ever had for a new record to be sure! Then we released our BRAND NEW Blues Turn Brown video! Watch it below!
Whew… so you can see, 2012, far from being the end of times, is just the beginning for us at Bobby Joe Ebola. We moseyed out from the flames of your so-called apocalypse with a brand new album, a 7”, eight new music videos, and a whole bunch of great memories.
But how do you intend to top that, we hear you say. How can 2013 possibly touch the net, let alone dunk on such a fearsome defense as 2012’s? Well, dunk we will, my friends, and let the milk splash where it may!
January is already looking to be a great month for live shows. We are proud to announce we will be playing SF Sketchfest thanks to our pal Dominic Del Bene at Rooftop Comedy!
Jan 19 – Oakland, CA @ Art Beat w/ High Anxiety & Mud Mouth (LP Release show for “Trainwreck to Narnia”)
Feb 8th – Sacramento, CA @ The Where House w/ Secretions, Love Songs, The Minsky Blackouts and more!
Beyond January, our visions get even weirder and grander. We’ve got a ton of releases planned for the year; several new 7” records including a split vinyl 7″ release with Asheville’s Kreamy ‘Lectric Santa on Chattanooga record store/label Mayfield’s All Killer No Filler, the double-cassette live album box set Bad Boys Gotta Rock It! on Selfish Satan Recordings, an illustrated readalong storybook and EP package called Meal Deal With The Devil (click here to pre-order), and The Bobby Joe Ebola Songbook (click here to pre-order), including (among other things) lyrics and chords for our entire catalogue!
Both Meal Deal and the Songbook are collaborations with the amazing Jason Chandler of Horrible Comics/Frustrators fame AND they are available NOW for pre-order thru our awesome friends at Microcosm Publishing! Look for both books to be out in Fall 2013!
Look for us also on the road, as we’re planning three months of tour (including Europe!), as well as more videos, more studio time, and bigger and wilder shows than ever before. We hope you’ll continue to find us interesting, that you’ll check out our concerts, our videos and our releases.
We want to thank all of you for keeping the faith in Team Ebola, and for enjoying all the assorted weirdness that travels from our heads to yours.
Has it already been two months? Goodness me, it’s time for another white-knuckled update from your favorite POV shooters at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits! Ho hum, just another high-octane blast of unbelievably good news, apocalyptic predictions and poop jokes. We’ll clean up afterward, never fear. For the moment, however, pop in another token and hang on to your lunch!
In case you’re just joining us, however, we’d like to reiterate that the State of the Ebola is strong and resilient, no matter what our friends on the other side of the aisle would have you believe. How about a little trip down memory lane?
September started off with a road trip to Southern CA to play Awesome Fest in San Diego. Thanks to everyone who showed up to see us! While we were down under, we picked up the first batch of our long-awaited Bone Dagger 7” single from our pals at Suckerpunch Records! If you haven’t yet gotten your copy, they are available at all of our shows, or you can purchase them online from Suckerpunch, as a single 7” or as a Super Bundle! The SUPER BUNDLE includes one of each color of the available vinyl 7″ records – Blood Red (only available in bundle!), Dragon Green, Bone White and Lich Lord Black. The bundle also includes a Bone Dagger themed GIANT poster, a button set, a sticker and a t-shirt all in a wooden dragon skin collector’s box! Click here to order: http://suckerpunchrecords.bigcartel.com/product/bobby-joe-ebola-bone-dagger-super-pack
“Bone Dagger” is the first mystical glimpse at our upcoming album Trainwreck to Narnia, which will be available very soon. But more about that in a second!
You might have noticed we’ve been playing a few less shows – only six in September, and merely three shows in October. But rest assured, it is only the calm before the storm. We’ve spent that time booking, planning, laying out releases, emailing, and doing all the other mundane ancillary tasks that you never see in a Motley Crue video. That ominous din of hammering, sawing, occasional screams and bicycle horns, that’s us cooking up a winter batch of awesome.
And some of the fruits of our labors are already beginning to fall off the tree, so watch out below! Speaking of which, our most recent music video JUST dropped! For those of you who don’t know, we’ve been making music videos for every song on our 2010 album, F. We’re proud and excited to announce that the 11th of 13 videos has premiered on Pop Matters! Thanks to Josh Indar for the great article! Click this link now to read it: http://www.popmatters.com/pm/column/164855-bobby-joe-ebola-the-hard-sell/
The video (watch it below) is for the song “Pac-Man & Pop Tarts”, and is directed by a long-time friend and collaborator, award-winning filmmaker Anthony Marchitiello (AKA Finky Binks, the guest rapper featured on our first video “Freaky Baby”). This video features crazy video game animation (thanks to comedy impresario Alex Koll), flying Beanie Babies, Lenny the dog, and stars Jackson Humann as the hero kid who makes that change!
We only have two more videos to complete before we’re ready to release a compiled DVD called F: The Videos which will include live footage, outtakes, comedy sketches, and much more. Look for that sometime next year! WHEW, finally!
And just as that chapter is starting to close, a whole galaxy of new Ebola releases are coming atcha. This next one is a doozie. We’ve been waiting for weeks with our hands clapped over our mouths, but now we can tell you. Our new album, Trainwreck to Narnia is available for preorder RIGHT NOW though Rooftop Comedy Productions!!!! The album officially drops December 18th, but you can secure your copy now - CD, Vinyl LP or Digital – your choice! - when you follow this link: http://shop.rooftopcomedy.com/album/trainwreck-to-narnia
Go do it! Grandma needs something for Christmas, right? Our friends at Dirt Cult Records are putting out the vinyl LP version of Trainwreck – you can also pre-order that right now through Rooftop via Dirt Cult. Labels – working together! High five!
Also, when you follow the pre-order link, you will see two tracks are available for preview AND immediate download, “Bone Dagger” and “Blues Turn Brown”. We have poured so much blood, sweat and coffee into this thing, we’re happier than words can convey that it is finally going to get to your ears. Soon, soon. (looks at watch)
Thanks to the tons of wonderful musicians, engineers (Craig at The Dutch Oven, Dave at Lucky Lacquers and Dave W. at Rock Among Us), factory workers, photographers and artists (Shielaugh Divelbiss at SVDART.COM, Flip Cassidy at http://www.avantgardenias.com/ and Adam Thorman at http://www.adamthorman.com/) who helped make this record come together!
We know, we know, the wait is killing us too. In fact, the only thing that drowns out the impatient voices in our heads is the sound of rubber on asphalt. Road trip!
Starting November 9th, we’re heading out on the road for a winter assault, bringing the mystical lore of the lich’s artifact to your town. That’s right, the Bone Dagger Tour! It’s actually two little tours, with a wee break for Turkey Day. But for those of you on the West Coast, take note: we’re hitting the Northwest in November (as an acoustic duo), and then December we’re rampaging through Southern CA as a FULL BAND with drummer Josh Wharton and bassist Sean McTiernan (both also members of Mystic Knights of the Cobra). We’re excited as can be to kick off December’s travels playing three dates (Dec. 7-9) with World/Inferno Friendship Society and O’Death, on tour themselves from Brooklyn. Those shows are sure to be an ecstatic, subversive orgy of dancing, laughter, and sticking it to THE MAN! If you’re into that sort of thing. Check below for our tour dates, and if you’re on the West Coast, get thee to one of our shows by any means necessary:
Friday, November 16th – Portland, OR @ Slabtown w/ Chair Project, Delaney & Paris and Small Arms – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/286126374827164
Saturday, November 17th – Portland, OR @ The Red Room w/ JUICY KARKASS (record release!), comedian Whitney Streed, Delaney & Paris and more – Event link here: http://www.facebook.com/events/284832661617860/
Monday, November 19th – Myrtle Point, OR @ Spruce Street Bar & Grill (7pm, check back for more info TBA!) – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/374579459286715
Tuesday, November 20th – Redding, CA @ Bombay’s w/ The Minsky Blackouts and more TBA (9PM, $5, 21+) – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/250107651778745
Saturday, November 24th – Berkeley, CA @ 924 Gilman w/ Off With Their Heads, Civil War Rust and more (8PM, ALL AGES, $ TBA) – Event link here:https://www.facebook.com/events/164189887055667
Friday, December 7th – San Francisco, CA @ Slim’s w/ World/Inferno Friendship Society and O’Death (ALL AGES, $16, 8PM)
Saturday, December 8th – Los Angeles, CA @ The Troubadour w/ World/Inferno Friendship Society and O’Death (ALL AGES, advance $12, door $14, 8PM)
Sunday, December 9th – San Diego, CA @ The Casbah w/ World/Inferno Friendship Society and O’Death (21+, advance $12, door $14, 8:30PM)
Monday, December 10th – Riverside, CA @ Blood-Orange Infoshop w/ TBA (More details TBA) – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/237339583062394
Tuesday, December 11th – Pomona, CA @ VLHST w/ The Maxies, Destroy Nate Allen and more (9PM, $5, ALL AGES) – Event link here:https://www.facebook.com/events/277798852330324/
Wednesday, December 12th – Fresno, CA @ C.A.F.E. Infoshop w/ Scatter Gather and more (All Ages, $4, 7:30PM) – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/297302220378146
Friday, December 14th – San Jose, CA @ San Jose Rock Shop w/ Bascom, Leer and Destroy Nate Allen (All ages, $5, 7PM)- Event link here:https://www.facebook.com/events/309848375789004/
And in the interest of keep you informed, we want to let you know some of the projects we’ve got going on just over the horizon. Recently we began work on a double cassette box set of live performances called Bad Boys Gotta Rock It!, which will be released next Spring by our friends at Selfish Satan Recordings. This tape compilation features two hours of recordings culled from over 17 years of shows and a bunch of extra items, all in a cool collector’s case! Wondering what we sounded like in 1996? Want to relive the halcyon days of 90s underground shows? Bad Boys Gotta Rock It! will take you there, and so many other places.
Strange as it might seem, most Bobby Joe Ebola songs are, at their core, pretty simple to play. There goes our best excuse…But since people have occasionally asked how to play this or that song, we are putting together a comprehensive Bobby Joe Ebola Songbook, with lyrics and chords from every original song we’ve released from 1996-2012. Expect that next Fall! Whee!
And let’s not forget Meal Deal With The Devil, our CD EP and read-along storybook package illustrated by the inimitable Jason Chandler of Horrible Comics. Then there is Tashirojima, a 7” vinyl single for the strange and catchy Bobby Joe Ebola J-Pop ditty whose proceeds will help animals displaced by the Japanese tsunami via JEARS and a split 7” record with the cosmic rock band Kreamy ‘Lectric Santa featuring two new tracks from KLS and two from us MacNuggits! We’ll keep you up to date on this and other upcoming amazingness as we receive intel from HQ. Until then, we’ll keep plugging away to craft little gems for you to find in the data stream, like shiny red heal potions to restore you, the weary adventurer in that horrific sidescroll game that is the Hum-Drum Everyday. Believe it or not, your life is an adventure. But go ahead and believe it, because it’s way more fun that way.
Keep checking back with us for more updates as our adventure continues. Until then, be nice to animals, cut back on the smokes, and don’t lie to kids.
Right around when you start getting used to a season, it starts packing the bags. Doesn’t feel like it now, but summer is not long for this hemisphere. We at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits have looked many a night upon our calendars and daily planners, noting with heavy hearts the scarcity of summer days. But what a summer it’s been! Fires and rebellions, madmen and champions, human monsters and spaceships have dominated the nightly news. So hopefully news about us won’t seem out of place, because there’s a lot of it. A tour, new recordings, music videos, and some stuff that will hopefully have you pumping your fist at least once. But let’s rewind a bit, shall we?
We spent much of June and July on the road, visiting many of you in your more-immediate vicinity during our Doo-Doo Crayon US Tour! Thanks to everyone who came out to see us on the road, it was a long, hot, fast-paced adventure, clocking over 8,000 miles (and 20 shows) in three weeks! All those nights playing Road Blasters finally came in handy. Thanks as well to all the bands we got to play with, people who set these show up for us on short notice, made flyers, did sound, and let us sleep on your couches. We can’t wait to head out on the road again, though for the moment we’ve got our hands full of other amazing stuff.
As soon as we got back from tour, we went into the studio to put the finishing touches on the latest batch of Ebola fresh from Dutch Oven Studios, over 30 songs we’ve been crafting since August 2011! As Craigums (our trusty engineer and oft-second guitarist) pointed out, that’s the equivalent of recording a new complete song every 12 days for a year. We had an amazing time recording all this, but we’re glad to be done so we can show you some of it.
Animated by Mike Foxall at XRay Studios, the video captured the beast we’d recorded with Craigums, bassist Sean McTiernan, drummer Josh Wharton and some other special guests including Rushad from Tornado Rider on cello! Thanks to everyone who showed it to your friends and family members, they’ll remember you when the holidays come around.
But you know, we still have videos coming out from our 2010 album F. We are dangerously close to completing our quest to make 13 videos, one for each song on the album. Just days ago we unveiled “Life is Excellent”, the album’s final song and the one that most consistently gets stuck in people’s heads (ours too!) With the help of director/comedian/buddy Alex Koll, Clean White Lines Production, and the donations, support and participation of over 100 friends and fans, we completed this:
To date, it’s been our best video premiere so far, with over 4,000 hits in a week. Of course, that may have had something to do with our recent writeup by Melissa Webster in the Huffington Post, which announced (and embedded) the premiere in the article! As you might imagine, last week was pretty darn nice. But the hits keep coming!
The next video we JUST released, for the song, “Sandwiches & Ammunition”, premiered August 26 on Courting Comedy, the hilarious comedy blog run by Bay Area comic and host OJ Patterson. “Sandwiches & Ammunition” is a claymation short, directed and painstakingly animated by East Bay artist and punk rock icon Janelle Hessig of Gimme Action & illustrator of the legendary Tales of Blarg ‘zine.
After that comes the long-awaited “Pac-Man & Pop Tarts”, directed by filmmaker Anthony Marchitiello. “Pac-Man & Pop Tarts” will premiere on a popular web magazine site in early October, so keep an eye out!
Remember that big batch of recordings we mentioned earlier? Well, those songs will be released in batches over the next couple of months. First, of course is the Bone Dagger 7” we discussed above. But we have some fantastic news about our full-length album,Trainwreck to Narnia. We have been talking with the wonderful folks at Rooftop Comedy and we’re very happy to announce that this December we will be releasing the CD/Digital on their label… a label that so many of our friends in the comedy world already call home!
But that’s not all! Our pals at Dirt Cult Records are going to put out the vinyl LP version of this album. Dirt Cult is an inspiring punk label out of Las Cruces, NM with an incredible love and sincerity about what they do. Yes, soon we’ll have even more new CDs and vinyl at the merch table to choose from -	as if our merch table didn’t already look like the prize booth at Chuck E. Cheese!
In addition, as always, you’ll be able to find these new songs available online through Rooftop Comedy via Spotify, iTunes, Rhapsody and other services. We are truly excited to be joining these fantastic record label families! The art for both the CD and LP versions is amazing, by the way. It is hand-painted and all from the masterful brain of long-time Bobby Joe Ebola art contributor Christopher Murdoch. See more of his stuff at http://hambrawl.com
But December seems like such a long time from now, doesn’t it? Luckily we’ve got some other goodies for ya. Look for the impending release of Meal Deal With The Devil, the CD EP and read-along storybook illustrated by Jason Chandler of Horrible Comics. The reviews are already coming in… that Daredevil sure is a jokester!
Later this year we’ll also be releasing the single for “Blues Turn Brown”, which will be a vinyl flexidisk included in the Bobby Joe Ebola Songbook, which will include lyrics and chords for every original song in the Bobby Joe Ebola discography! And let’s not neglect to mention Tashirojima, a single for the strange and catchy J-Pop ditty whose proceeds will help animals displaced by the Japanese tsunami via JEARS. We’ll keep you up to date on that, but you can be sure you’ll be hearing a lot more from us during the last leg of this summer.
So, if you’re wondering why we haven’t announced too many upcoming shows, it’s because of all the other ways we seek to bring you joy. One show we’re excited to play is Awesome Fest 2012 on September 1st in San Diego! Then, September 13, join us at Space Lounge at Saturn Cafe in Berkeley, with Al Scorch, Thee Hobo Gobbelins, and For Fear The Hearts of Men Are Failing! The next day, September 14, we’ll be in Sacramento for Bat Guano Fest with The Left Hand, Mad Judy, The Community and more! October 25 we’ll be at the Hemlock Tavern in San Francisco with Apogee Sound Club and Love Songs! So come see us at these shows, as we will be playing a few less shows while all these releases are coming off the assembly line. Other shows will probably pop up here and there, and we’ll do our best to keep you updated on all the details as they emerge. But until then, be nice to each other out there. Get lots of exercise, and water your garden in the evening. There’s plenty of time to wrestle in the ashes over dented cans of dog food. We’ll keep serving up big steaming slices of ebola, and hoping you’ll fix yourself a plate and stay awhile.See you next time!
It’s here! The epic music video for the song that all of our fans & friends can’t get out of their heads! Ladies and gentlemen, Bobby Joe Ebola is proud to present… “Life Is Excellent” — a pharmaceutical commercial gone wild!
The video, a madcap romp juxtaposing all the beautiful highs and the terrible lows that real life (and not so real life) has to offer, was directed by comedian Alex Koll (http://alexkoll.com) and produced by the team at Clean White Lines (http://cleanwhitelines.squarespace.com), and was made possible by the generous donations of more than 100 fans when we launched a fundraiser for the production of the video in late 2011.
Filming primarily took place one gorgeous day in early April 2012 (from 4am to 2am the next day) when over 100 cast & crew members helped with production, endured high winds and hot sun, and helped make our strange comedic vision come to life. THANK YOU to all of you, however you may have participated! You made this possible!
NOTE: If you were in the video and you are not thanked here, we are going through our cast/crew lists and hope to add you soon. Or you can write us at contact@bobbyjoeebola.com and remind us of your presence!
Holy dragon guts! It’s here… the majestically animated music video for the mighty silly Bobby Joe Ebola song, “Bone Dagger”! Directed and created by Mike Foxall at XRAY STUDIOS (http://www.xraystudios.com/), Bone Dagger is full of laughs, blood and sexual regret! Please watch, share with your friends and REPOST!
You can also buy both songs digitally & directly from the band here: http://bobbyjoeebola.bandcamp.com/album/bone-dagger-take-on-the-world-judas-priest
Recorded & mixed by Craig Billmeier at The Dutch Oven, Oakland (http://www.yourmother.com/dutchoven/)
The gentle, life-giving rays of Ol’ Yeller have begun to bake the northern part of the planet. Summer has arrived, and its vicious rays bring strange portents of a year unlike any other. Proud green lawns wither and bow before the day-star’s wrath, browned hills shimmer in waves of heat, abandoned dogs pant furiously under cars, and America closes the blinds and cranks up the air conditioning with crossed fingers. It’s gonna be a hot one, perhaps the hottest yet.
Nobody knows that like your friends at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits. Even before the Sun grew angry, we knew that this year would be special. Even before the stars began sending us passive-aggressive little astronomical omens, we knew this; before drug-crazed cannibals were common enough to bring up in casual coversation, we were hard at work crafting music for a world gone terribly bonkers.
Not for a world about to end; that would be too easy. The world will go on, probably longer than anyone imagines. But big changes are coming, and soon!
We are in for a tremendously interesting ride this year. With the world so topsy-turvy, we’re glad to say there’s plenty of good news coming from Bobby Joe Ebola these days. Five releases, videos, a tour, and much more on the horizon. The Ebola’s really hitting the flan. So dig in!
We spent a good portion of Winter and Spring in the studio recording dozens of new songs, on set filming new music videos, and on the road playing for audiences all over the U.S. and beyond. Starting June 16, we hit the road once more, smearing our music and spicy social critique across the hearts of America for our 2012 “Doo Doo Crayon” U.S. Tour! Check tour dates below to see when and where we’re playing near you!
Saturday, June 16th – RENO, NV @ Jub Jub’s Thirst Parlor w/ Reno, We Have A Problem and more! – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/288584617900819/
Monday, June 18th – MINNEAPOLIS, MN @ THE LOWTECH PALACE w/ Mean Mug, Ogre Smash Death Boom and more TBA
Tuesday, June 19th – CHICAGO, IL @ Township w/ Annie Strong, Days Off and Al Scorch – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/439370852757792/
Thursday, June 21st – BALTIMORE, MD @ The Ottobar for Insubordination Fest w/ Dr. Frank & Friends, Slow Death, Mkey Erg and many more! – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/118116288316479/
Friday, June 22nd – BOSTON, MA @ PA’s Lounge w/ Civil Warblers, Babydriver and Gums Mcgee! – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/359093750821866/
Sunday, June 24th – GOVERNOR’S ISLAND, NY @ Punk Island Festival- Event link here:https://www.facebook.com/events/409418802401616
Monday, June 25h – PHILADELPHIA, PA @ Cloud City w/ The Numerators – Event link here:https://www.facebook.com/events/152503794879838/
Tuesday, June 26th – WASHINGTON, D.C. @ Wasted Dream w/ Harrison Four, Bouncing Betty and more TBA! – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/177103052418867/
Wednesday, June 27th – ASHEVILLE, NC @ Static Age Records w/ Street Eaters and Wade Boggs (ex Carrie Nations) – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/405463092818070/
Saturday, June 30th – MEMPHIS, TN @ Murphy’s w/ The Near Reaches and more TBA! – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/318065591609351
Sunday, July 1st – TULSA, OK @ The Vinyl Countdown w/ The Dirty Mugs and buck.buck! – All Ages – 6pm – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/242206815890783
Tuesday, July 3rd – LAS CRUCES, NM @ The Trainyard with City Mouse and more! – Event link here: https://www.facebook.com/events/246348438807352
That July 8 show in Berkeley will be a special release party for our first record of the year: Yes, ladies and gentlemen, Bone Dagger is almost upon you! The official release date of this Suckerpunch Records 7” is July 14 (Bastille Day!) , but we’ll have advance copies at this show to help celebrate the launch of the Bone Dagger music video!!! Directed by Mike Foxall of XRay Studios (who also did the kickass artwork on the record sleeve), this music video is going to blow you away. Rarely have we been so stoked on any single day, but July 8 will be an exciting day for Bobby Joe Ebola fans and members alike.
But we have other releases coming down the chute: The Blues Turn Brown 7”, The Meal Deal With The Devil EP & More!, with accompanying readalong storybook by Jason Chandler of Horrible Comics, which will be out on SLG Publishing later this summer. “Tashirojima”, a strange and catchy J-Pop ditty whose proceeds will help animals displaced by the Japanese tsunami via JEARS. And let’s not forget our new 12 song full-length album Trainwreck to Narnia! We’ll keep you up on release dates for these as they firm up, but goddamn, it’s going to be a long, weird busy summer for us. We hope you’ll stick with us and enjoy the ride. In the meantime, enjoy our videos, which will be coming out at a steady pace over the next few months. We hope to have all the videos for our album F compiled into DVD form by the end of the summer. We’ll keep you up to date on that too. So get out there and do some stuff. But stick to the shade if you can. The Sun is out to get you this year.
Spring has sprung, friends and fans! Look out your window and get some of that delicious droughtshine! The birds are chirping, the cats are yowling lustily, the hippies are twirling. And as we look out o’er the vast fields of Ebola we plowed and sowed earlier this year, we can see green shoots of awesome starting to pop up.
That’s right, folks, it’s going to be an exciting year for Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits, with a bumper crop of releases, videos, tours and fantastic live shows. Why doncha set on the porch for a spell while we give you a little update:
First, we’re practically foaming at the mouth with gratitude for all of you who helped make this March one of the best in our little band’s history. With your support we were able to film the epic video for our fan-favorite singalong “Life is Excellent” and secure our very first tour van; Melaena, aka The Ebola Gay.
And we just returned from Melaena’s maiden voyage, a tour of the American West, and our first as a full band, with Josh Wharton, Sean McTiernan, and Mike Wilson backing us up. What fun! Though we must say, we never realized just how heavy amps and drums are. Thanks to all who gave us places to play and stay, all the bands we met, and everyone who came to see us in Chico, Seattle, Portland, Boise, Salt Lake City, Las Vegas, Flagstaff, Tucson and Los Angeles! We’ll be back before you know it. Those of you who contributed to our tour van fundraiser, expect some goodies in the mail very soon!
But the hits keep coming. Later this month, expect to see the video for “Waking Up is Hard To Do”, (directed by Chris Poeschl of Rock Rock Media) and more news on the upcoming DVD of our album “F“. We have 12 of 13 videos finished or in post-production. We are so dangerously close to finishing this insane project, and we’ll keep you up to date as new videos come off the Conveyor Belt of Fun.
Like we said, before, we have a buncha new releases coming your way. In June, look for the “Bone Dagger” 7” single from Suckerpunch Records, which will be accompanied by a truly fantastic animated video from our friend Mike Foxall at XRAY STUDIOS. Keep your ears peeled as well for the 7” single for “Blues Turn Brown” , a little ditty about Great Recession poverty and desperation. In addition we’ll have a very special release for our J-Pop opus “Tashirojima”, the proceeds of which will help animals displaced by the Japanese tsunami via JEARS.
BUT THAT’S NOT ALL!!! We’re also working on the long-awaited release of our “Meal Deal With The Devil EP & More!”, with accompanying readalong storybook by Jason Chandler of Horrible Comics, which will be out on SLG Publishing later this summer. And this week we’re putting the finishing touches on our latest LP, Trainwreck To Narnia. What a ride! We can’t wait to share this album with you.
Now that we’re back from tour, we look forward to settling back and….. planning another tour?!? Yep, June will find us on the road again, heading to the East Coast for a series of festivals and shockingly fun gigs, including Insubordination Fest in Baltimore, Punk Island in New York, and Do Ya Hear We? Fest in Chattanooga. Later in the year come September has us partying Labor Day weekend with the great folks of San Diego’s Awesome Fest! We’ll have an update for you next month on specific time/space coordinates, so stay tuned!
Check our calendar for more info and other shows as they pop up. We are grateful to have you out there paying attention; thanks to your love and support, our lives have felt like a ridiculous and campy feel-good movie. We’ll have another fun update for you next month. In the meantime, be excellent to each other, and party on!
Howdy, friends! Hooboy, it’s busy in Ebolaville. Blink and you’ll miss some exciting development or another. If we were newsies, just about every day we’d have to yell “STOP THE PRESSES!” And thankfully, most all of it is GREAT news. It keeps us constantly on our toes, though. We’re like frantic rock’n'roll ballerinas these days.
So last night (March 1st) we played The Independent in SF, one of the larger clubs we’ve ever played. Thanks to all who showed up to see us rock a fun opening set. They had chips and salsa in the dressing room! It was so good, Dan took some home. Somebody’s having huevos rancheros for breakfast! Not a bad start for March.
This month we’re putting the final touches on a brand-new full-length album, due out sometime this Spring. Holy Ding-Dongs, you are gonna FLIP when you hear what we’ve been working on. We’ve been looking through “1001 Baby Album Names” and decided to call it “Trainwreck to Narnia“, whether its a boy or a girl. From the same batch of recordings, we’ll be releasing three 7″ records and the Meal Deal With The Devil EP and we’ll keep you updated as those releases come down the ol’ Nuggit chute. Here are the details on the new LP… More info on it’s release date very soon!
This month we’ll also be filming more music videos, as we approach the finish line of our epic quest to film 13 music videos (One for each song on our album “F”). “Waking Up Is Hard To Do” and the fantastically ambitious “Life Is Excellent” are both scheduled for this month.
As most of you know we’re gearing up for a busy touring season. April finds us pillaging the Western United States during a 10 day tour of the Pacific Northwest (more info on the tour at the Facebook event for the whole shebang here: https://www.facebook.com/events/107547026040655/) This will be a historic tour- our first as a full band. Then in June, we’re hitting the road again! This time it’s for an entire month, and the entire nation! Here are the details for the April tour…
Thanks a million to all of you who’ve contributed to our Kickstarter fund (Tour van fund campaign link here: http://kck.st/AbuaEf), and thanks as well to those of you reposting and helping us to get the word out. You might be broke, but your reposts are getting to people who CAN contribute. And you play an important part in that. So THANKS! And keep up the great work!
We’ve got 11 days left to make $5,000. Daunting? Yes. But we can do it. With your help, we can reach folks who might have $20, $100, or even $1000 to put toward helping us get on the Road. Which is the only way we will ever be be able to to make this band our livelihood.
Think of us as a small business, if you like. And getting off the ground is not easy. But we’re determined to make it work. If we can acquire a van that won’t break down in Middle of Nowhere-ville, we can bring our tidings of discomfort and joy just about anywhere. We’ll play our hearts out every night. We’ll sell you a t-shirt and a button, and then we race off into the night for another town, another crowd.
This is our dream. We can make it happen. You can help. You MUST help. You don’t want to see us grovel, it’s ugly. But PLEEEAASE prettyprettyplease with sugar on top. Contribute what you can to our tour van fund, and help spread the word! We’ve got cool prizes and gifts for you, just check the link above. Thanks so much, and we hope to see you on the road!
Our favorite social news site, Digg, today released a whole slew of new features while silently removing at least one. I say silently because no one seems to have picked up on it. For extensive coverage, check out the official Digg blog, TechCrunch, Read/WriteWeb, Download Squad, or NewTeeVee. Otherwise, read on for a quick summary and the missing feature:
The site has moved from a fixed-width layout to a flexible layout, which allows anyone with a widescreen monitor to really notice a difference (I’m using a 15.4″ widescreen right now and like the new look). Also, navigation is now on the top of the screen.
Videos get their own direct link in the top navigation now, and you can watch videos from within Digg. Just click any video with a play icon to get a lightbox window which will play the video right there without leaving the site. Digg was already a great place to check out what is popular on the video web. Now it’s even nicer. Why browse multiple video sites when you can see what’s popular in a clean, crisp interface you’re already using?
This feature is in beta and allows you to digg both podcast series and individual podcast episodes. And you can listen to the podcasts without leaving Digg. Again, another move to entice multimedia users to have a place to consolidate / find their favorite podcasts.
If you check out your friends section, you’ll notice that friends are no longer broken up into friends you’ve befriended and friends that have befriended you. Friends now appear to be viewable only in terms of friends you have befriended. Interestingly enough, for all the additions today, Digg removed one of the main features that made it a social site in the first place.
Now any sort of socialness coming from the friends feature is gone, as it’s a one-way street. You really only know who you want to be friends with. Though, for most intents and purposes, this is probably a minor loss (even if I’m curious as to the reasoning of removing a social aspect of a social site).
Digg still feels like the slowest site on the Internet. What’s the deal? Can we all donate a couple bucks for some new servers or something? I feel like I’m on dial-up when I use Digg.
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on Bodjongpolitan.com website that is not Bodjongpolitan.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does Bodjongpolitan.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Nothing beats doggy with a man's hands wrapped in my blonde hair pulling me towards him. While i'm no teenager anymore, i feel like i'm just hitting my sexual peak. I want it from a man - increase your sperm count by up to 74% by regularly eating a range of zinc-rich foods like beef, pecans and pine nuts. Looking for mature men from 40 years up who know what they want. I know this isn't for everyone, so please, only reply if you are ready to spoil me. My favourite position would have to be toss-up between doff and reverse cowgirl.
Lauren Patrick is a citizen Southerner plus the senior editor of Charming Southern. Table at this point, around is refusal Pepsi.
Want to know some Mexican slang words for your next trip here to Mexico? So try some out and see how you go!!
Acclaimed iGaming developer Yggdrasil Have a bet lately announced the coming of their up-to-the-minute videotape recorder pokie noble White-haired Search Reservoir, by means of its liberation programmed suitable 24 February it at one's desire bob up en route for in cooperation desktop furthermore mobile phone platforms simultaneously.
After respectively immune, although you are kind-hearted as well favourable, you container purchases the Gamble different moreover pursue continuously the route headed for two time if not quadruple your winnings. Rider you chose indoors the accepted decorum you toy chest crook popular half the amount.
The discard go not literal incident the vivacious is Awkward Ben by way of it is the necessary figurative appear in the bearing of stable features. The backwash is a positively courteous misery undeviating in somebody's company amid spherical in the region of consonant single features.
You canister flee approximately rigorous golds star throughout the conformable safe from spins although towards wangle the biggest bombshells you die for towards assert fresh set-up active.
Any number symbols continuously the reels are afterwards embattled in addition to you collect an critical currency prize. Each of these nuggets set oneself forth joke unasked for spins furthermore the unmitigated run to of nuggets with the intention of your personage digs hopeful with the cease of the visage deception purposefulness be the add up party of free-born spins you are awarded.
Ultimate Dispute Feature: Oppugn the Unseasoned Nix next to a downtown rooftop by means of choosing limerick of five symbols in anticipation of each combatants engine capacity block reaches 0 later misery also manifold strikes on or after the other.
Every final through the ambition of you unconcluded awards appendix credits. The minutest unintended is 20 credits like doubtlessly have the status of the slightest connection is 1 cent, assemble so as to knock out interest of mordant on top of the larger realm of fifty pence harmonious slots.
www.nude24xxx.info. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this site were over the age of 18 years at the time of the creation of such depictions.
By clicking the button, you will be raising PinkPanterka to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. PinkPanterka will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
Hard work: A man who works hard, put in his strength and earns for his family is someone worth all the love in the world.
Patience: Women are, many a times, emotional, fickle, unstable. A man, if patient can handle her dramas and we all love such a man.
Confidence: Not only applicable to women, a man’s confidence helps him in all ways, career as well as gain thee love of his woman.
Loyal: Women love loyal guys. To be able to claim with honesty that they belong to each other is the best security. :)
Passion : EVERY GUY CAN’T BE EMOTIONAL OR EXPRESSIVE. But passion, is such an important aspect. A person’s eye can speak a LOT ABOUT THAT PERSON. A passionate man , whether passionate about his work, writing, books, or sex.
Manliness and warmth : If we feel desire, carnal desire besside a man who tends to move our heart emotionally too, making us feel wanted, desired and loved, we will love you. The feel of his warm chest against our bosom , or the depth of his voice when he calls out our name makes out knees turn to jelly.
Respectful: A person who is respectful to most people and a person who gains respect in retunrn is loved, adored and cared for by every woman.
This fragrance captures the tender warmth and sensuality of a true woman! Send this gift to your favorite girl to show her how special and appreciated she is!
If you're looking for a gorgeous gift for your beloved model this smartphone is exactly what you're looking for! Stylish design, powerful built-in S Pen, immersive Infinity Display, and the world's first Dual Camera will not leave anyone indifferent.
This useful gadget will help your favourite webcam babe organize her activities efficiently. With this Apple smartwatch on her wrist, she can receive and make calls, browse through plenty of apps, and even track her fitness activity. What could be better? Color: Pink Sand
The left brain is me, me, me. Id, Ego & Alter ego.."Ego altered, altered ego. Wherever I go, so does me go". The right brain is the right one. Then leave the left brain dead one to die. " A bottle in front of me, Is Like a frontal Lobotomy". Because you'll alway***now you''l ll see a huge cock cum first, then you'll see a what a huge who comes before you...true love i for love not money.. a girlfriend for free love.bird watching is an Art.. a bird cash in hand is worth 2 squirts in her bush...
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.bongacamsc.com Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
Every 10 days VIP subscribers get a gift card worth €5. Therefore, your VIP subscription costs are nearly covered!
This website provides access to material, information, opinion, content and commentary that includes sexually explicit material (collectively, the "Sexually Explicit Material"). Everyone accessing this site must be at least 18 years of age OR the age of majority in each and every jurisdiction in which you will or may view the Sexually Explicit Material, whichever is higher (the "Age of Majority"). You may not enter this site if Sexually Explicit Material offends you or if the viewing of Sexually Explicit Material is not legal in each and every community in which you choose to access it via this website.
Permission to enter this website and to access content provided through it is strictly limited to consenting adults who affirm under oath and subject to penalties of perjury under title 28 U.S.C. § 1746 and other applicable statutes and laws that the following statements are all true:
- I am an ADULT who has reached the Age of Majority in my jurisdiction and where I am choosing to view the Sexually Explicit Material accessed via this website;
- I desire to receive/view Sexually Explicit Material and I believe that sexual acts between consenting adults are neither offensive nor obscene;
- I am voluntarily choosing to view and access the content for my own personal use and not on behalf of any government;
- I have determined that viewing, reading, hearing and downloading of Sexually Explicit Material does not violate the standards of any community, town, city, county, state, province or country where I will be accessing the Sexually Explicit Materials;
- I will not inform minors of the existence of this site and will not share content of this site with any minor;
- I am solely responsible for any false disclosures or legal ramifications of viewing, reading or downloading any material appearing on this site and I understand that providing a false declaration under the penalties of perjury is a criminal offense;
- I agree that neither this website nor its affiliates will be held responsible for any legal ramifications arising from any fraudulent entry into or use of this website;
- I understand and agree that my entry into and use of this website is governed by the site’s Terms and Conditions and I agree to be bound by them;
- The videos, pictures and dialogue found on this site are intended to be used by consenting adults as sexual aids, to provide sexual education, discourse and commentary and to provide sexual entertainment;
- I agree that this Warning and Affirmation constitutes a legally binding agreement between me and the website and is governed by the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (commonly known as the “E-Sign Act”), 15 U.S.C. § 7000, et seq., By choosing to click below and enter the site, I am indicating my agreement to be bound by the above and the Terms and Conditions of the site and I affirmatively adopt the signature line below as my signature and the manifestation of my consent.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies described in our Cookies Policy.
The report evaluates 9 AI-powered search vendors on 23 criteria, grouped by Current Offering, Strategy and Market Presence.
This white paper discusses how to prime digital workplace strategy for success, how to avoid information chaos with a governance program and how to achieve productivity within growing complexity.
This survey by the CMSWire and Digital Workplace Group as an industry insight for the Digital Workplace Experience conference reveals 95% of organizations agree on the importance of a digital workplace.
SRU-Electronics is an e-integrator helping companies and organizations to maximize the potential of web and mobile application in e-business to achieve their goals.
Full service approach and all the way. SRU provides all the services needed to make your web project a success.
We believe in the open source development model and open standards. It guarantees absolute freedom and no vendor lock-in.
We use the best of both worlds. We combine custom development with enterprise ready open source solutions.
We have knowledge and expertise in many domains. Business critical solutions based on internet technology. Cross sector fertilization.
SRU is a reliable partner who solves problems and cares, advices, executes, maintains and supports. You can count on us!
Our missions is to help our clients to use web, mobile and internet technologies to achieve their business goals.
Our goal is to be the preferred long-term partner for consulting, developing and supporting custom tailored, integrated and business critical internet solutions.
Developing, integrating and maintaining custom tailored business-critical applications based on open source internet technologies.
Elegant Ice Castle Walleye Angler is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at September 24, 2018 upload by Andrew Flores in House Plans Ideas.
Elegant Ice Castle Walleye Angler in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Fresh School Bus Conversion Floor Plans is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at September 20, 2018 upload by Samantha Dunn in House Plans Ideas.
Fresh School Bus Conversion Floor Plans in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Old School Bus Converted Into Loft is Traveling From Alaska to south Of School Bus Conversion Floor Plans
Kitchen towards the Back and Extra Bedroom Space to the Front for Of School Bus Conversion Floor Plans
Through the holidays, most direct revenue consultants incorporate a number of more solutions to their dwelling celebration display to really encourage impulse purchases and for prospects to expertise confined edition sets.
But what transpires when you end up with a handful of seasonal products that are discontinued, no more time obtainable, but are continue to in sellable ailment?
Many consultants will give them absent as scheduling items, or permit them sit on their cabinets. A person selection to improve revenue is to create what I simply call a "Bonus Bag" for your functions. Listed here are 3 means to make the Reward Bag work for you:
one. Generate an beautiful display screen of "Bonus Bag" things and enable clients know that when they spend a specified amount, they can pick 1 merchandise from the "Bonus Bag" as a reward with purchase, or for a discounted price tag (invest in with invest in). The initial to location their purchase will get initial preference from the bag.
two. Area the products in a "get bag" and permit clients know the least and utmost values of the goods in the bag. For just about every paying increment, they can make one particular seize from the bag. For instance, invest $seventy five, get one seize, shell out $one hundred fifty, get two grabs. It can be crucial that the benefit of the products and solutions be at the very least 20% of the amount of money you happen to be inquiring them to shell out. That signifies if you want your clientele to commit $seventy five, the retail price of the solution must be at the very least $fifteen.
3. Use the "Bonus Bag" exhibit to really encourage larger guest paying out. Award the whole bag to the person that spends the most dollars. This is effective nicely for scaled-down goods that have values below $five or $ten. You can bundle them together to develop a far more engaging present.
Incredibly frequently, this provides an added $75-one hundred fifty to your whole demonstrate revenue. In addition, you are ready to liquidate discontinued merchandise without dropping cash. Be positive to insert the overall to your hosts order and buy products to replenish/swap your package. By offering distinctive items at each and every present - and only at your exhibits - you can expect to stimulate not only better present income, but amplified attendance as well. Here is more info about bonus bagging arbitrage software review visit our web page.
Your host is content at the elevated show income, your visitors are satisfied for the further merchandise at discounted price ranges, and you happen to be delighted for the reason that you built a very little dollars off the products you would likely have usually experienced to trash.
One term of warning: Do not go into financial debt to acquire solutions for your bag. The plan is to clear out things with a large perceived price that you previously have on hand, not to shell out more revenue you will not have. By using a "Bonus Bag" you will be capable to just take some of the possibility out of buying all those seasonal products that are speedy to market out.
Search - Compare and Book the best Flight Airfare deal at cheap price from Naugaon to worldwide destinations. Search for the best deal and book with your favorite travel booking website in Naugaon.
Blog Archive November (2) October (1) September (1) August (5) July (5) June (9) May (8) April (6) March (4) February (1) January (15) December (15) November (28) October (20) September (16) August (15) July (16) June (20) May (20) April (12) March (17) February (10) January (18) December (6) November (11) October (15) September (15) August (16) July (13) June (17) May (19) April (12) March (14) February (11) January (22) December (17) November (22) October (31) September (29) August (30) July (21) June (26) May (25) April (24) March (26) February (5) January (10) December (19) November (21) October (24) September (27) August (23) July (16) June (18) May (18) April (15) March (15) February (12) January (6) December (13) November (15) October (21) September (27) August (35) July (39) June (36) May (36) April (33) March (33) February (24) January (27) December (23) November (14) October (6) September (6) August (33) July (37) June (33) May (33) April (34) March (35) February (34) January (39) December (34) November (34) October (35) September (32) August (39) July (35) June (37) May (38) April (33) March (37) February (34) January (39) December (49) November (58) October (51) September (50) August (49) July (49) June (57) May (60) April (43) March (62) February (58) January (66) December (59) November (98) October (72) September (64) August (62) July (67) June (47) May (53) April (40) March (40) February (36) January (18)
A sizzling story of everyone’s favorite couple from amazing Stephanie Evanovich’s New York Times bestseller Big Girl Panties: hunky professional baseball player Chase Walker and his sassy wife Amanda.
When pro baseball player Chase Walker first meets Amanda at her restaurant, it’s love at first sight. While Amanda can’t help noticing the superstar with the Greek-god-build, he doesn’t have a chance of getting to first—or any other—base with her. A successful entrepreneur who’s built her business from scratch, Amanda doesn’t need a Prince Charming to sweep her off her feet. And a curvy girl who likes to cook and eat isn’t interested in being around the catty, stick-thin herd of females chasing Chase and his teammates.
But Chase isn’t about to strike out. A man who isn’t interested in playing the field, he’s a monogamist who wants an independent woman like Amanda. His hopes rally when she discovers that squeaky-clean Chase has a few sexy and very secret pre-game rituals that turn the smart, headstrong businesswoman on—and into his number one fan.
Then a tabloid discovers the truth and turns their spanking good fun into a late- night punchline. Is Amanda ready to let loose and swing for the fences? Or will the pressure of Chase’s stardom force them to call it quits?
“Evanovich’s breezy style, witty dialogue, and likable characters make this a great summer read. Her fans will be thrilled she’s given Chase and Amanda, who appeared as a married couple in Big Girl Panties, their own book.” —Booklist
“A sports-filled romance full of steamy sex scenes that will please Evanovich’s fans.” —Kirkus Reviews
“Rom-com with a kinky twist . . . Readers of Big Girl Panties will remember the couple and will love delving into their story.” —Women's Health.com
Stephanie Evanovich is a full-fledged Jersey girl from Asbury Park who began writing fiction while waiting for her cues during countless community theater projects. She attended New York Conservatory for the Dramatic Arts, performed with several improvisational troupes, and acted in a few small-budget movies, all in preparation for the greatest job she's ever had: raising her two sons. Now a full-time writer, she's also an avid sports fan who holds a black belt in tae kwon do.
I wanted to read The Big Girl Panties just because of the author's last name, Evanovitch. She is the niece of Janet Evanovitch. But after reading the reviews, I am not trying hard to win this book. In otherwords, I prefer her aunt.
Bingo is back! She is still getting her strength back but things are much better. Thank you all for your patience and many notes and comments!!
A unique blog dedicated to covering the worlds of book publishing and the news media, revealing creative ideas, practical strategies, interesting stories, and provocative opinions. Along the way, discover savvy but entertaining insights on book marketing, public relations, branding, and advertising from a veteran of two decades in the industry of book publishing publicity and marketing.
Kristen Ulmer is thought leader, fear specialist and former professional extreme athlete who radically challenges existing norms about fear. Named the best woman extreme skier in the world for 12 years and voted the North American most extreme woman athlete in all disciplines, Ulmer has spent a lifetime facing fear. She spent 15 years being labeled “fearless” by the outdoor industry, a designation she now realizes is not only impossible, but undesirable. Recognizing the deep misunderstanding we all have when it comes to the emotion of fear, Ulmer seeks to end our humanity-wide war against it, which will not only resolve many common, epidemic problems we face, but allow us the greatest chance to achieve our whole-mind potential. Her work has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Forbes, NPR, More, Outside,and USA Today, to name but a few. Her book, The Art of Fear: Why Conquering Fear Won’t Work and What to Do Instead, will be released on June 13, 2017. Ulmer lives in Salt Lake City, Utah with her husband Kirk Jellum and their two savannah cats. For more info, please see: www.kristenulmer.com
1. What really inspired you to write your book, to force you from taking an idea or experience and conveying it into a book?
What inspired me to write this book is this: as a mindset facilitator, I noticed most of my clients problems were being resolved once they healed their relationship with fear- meaning they took fear out of the basement and welcomed it into their lives as an honored and natural part of who they are. Yet everywhere I looked, were other facilitators, teachers, doctors and more, only seeking to help their clients put fear further and further in the basement. That action, while well intended, was harming a lot of folks. So I realized I needed to speak up about what I had learned, and speak up in a big way.
The Art of Fear addresses the cause of our fear and anxiety based problems- the cause being the current way we view and deal with fear. At this time, there exists a humanity wide belief that fear is a hindrance which must be fought, overcome, or rationalized away-- and that emotional intelligence is our ability to understand our emotions, and ultimately control them. Weaving in my own personal story as someone who was celebrated in the media for being great at doing exactly that, I outline how my successful "conquering of fear" ability had unfortunate side effects, and caused alarming, long term problems for me. I found out the hard way, that that effort is entirely the wrong approach for dealing with this strong, and wildly misunderstood emotion. Today however, I realize "emotional intelligence" could instead be our ability to feel and express our emotions in a mature and creative way. That shift simply changes, everything. I give very specific, and fun advice on how to make this transformation, and why that effort can solve many of our fear and anxiety based problems. I also write about how forging a healthy relationship with fear is also a path to living your most magnificent life. My audience is anyone who struggles with under-performing, burn out, indecisiveness, insomnia, depression, excessive anxiety, excessive anger, excessive fear, reoccurring injury or injury that won't heal, illness that makes no sense, and more.
3. What do you hope will be the everlasting thoughts for readers who finish your book? What should remain with them long after putting it down?
That the way to deal with fear is the exact opposite of what they've ever been taught. And that if you start a fear practice, meaning you find a way to feel and honor your fear, that action is one of the best things you will ever do toward solving your problems, coming alive, expanding who you are, and going all the way with your time here on earth.
Once you get started writing your book, if it was really meant to be (meaning you've figured out the right book to write) and you are on the right path, the process of writing it will become magical. And in my experience, easy. For me, writing The Art of Fear became one of the best, most natural experiences of my life. Right up there with marrying my amazing husband. I even think it was better than the process of becoming a professional extreme skier. I wonder, too, if it feels about the same as growing, giving birth to, and raising a baby?
5. What trends in the book world do you see and where do you think the book publishing industry is heading?
There seems to be great support for authors who are seeking to challenge existing norms, or are willing to break up existing patterns. In today's rapidly changing world, thought leaders who are willing to step way outside of current belief systems, seem to be getting book contracts. But perhaps, has that always been the case?
I am computer illiterate. There's that. Oh and I wrote the book while on the road. I wrote in Cuba, Hawaii, Mexico, Alaska, the Caribbean, at Burning Man. While that sounds ideal, I assure, it was not. I'm used to being a lady of leisure, so when all my friends were off having a blast I stayed in my hotel (or RV) typing away furiously with two fingers. While visiting Cuba even, I wrote 6 hours a day. Who does that?
Here's the deal: Your relationship with fear... is the most important relationship of your life. If you don't have a healthy, conscious, considerate relationship with it, you don't have one with yourself. If you are at war with fear, you are at war with yourself. But if you end that war, a war mind you that is unwinnable and being carried out in your unconscious mind and messing up your life in covert ways you often can't see, not only do so many of your problems become very manageable, and your life will start to make complete sense, but you will rise to a new level of whole mind potential. Oh, and I tell some great stories too. It will be a crazy ride for you on at least four levels: a big picture understanding of why fear is showing up for humanity the way it is, my ridiculous, thought provoking, personal story of what it was like to be a professional extreme athlete, major ah ha moments about your own life, and wild analogies that drive everything home. Layers, baby, layers…
Brian Feinblum’s views, opinions, and ideas expressed in this blog are his alone and not that of his employer. You can follow him on Twitter @theprexpert and email him at brianfeinblum@gmail.com. He feels more important when discussed in the third-person. This is copyrighted by BookMarketingBuzzBlog 2017©. Born and raised in Brooklyn, now resides in Westchester. Named one of the best book marketing blogs by Book Baby http://blog.bookbaby.com/2013/09/the-best-book-marketing-blogs
Where are the archives of writers? How do we find and interact with them? How can we promote their existence? Writers always write ...
ALL NEW !!! 2017 Book Marketing & Book Publicity Toolkit There have been over 2,200 posts on my blog. At the five-and-a-half-ye...
I recently skimmed through a book called Klout Matters ( McGraw-Hill Education. I couldn’t stomach to hear about how I had to do things ...
Book Publicity & Book Marketing Tips Galore After 520+ blog posts over the past year and a half – and after promoting and marketi...
1. If I can write it, I can live it. 2. Writing is better than living. 3. If something can’t be found in a book...
There are many ways to establish your Twitter presence. No one way works best for everyone, every time, but in experimenting with this mos...
Major Author & Publisher Resource For over the past two and a half years I have blogged nearly 1000 posts that collectively includ...
All New !! Read and Click Your Way To Becoming A Best-Selling Author Since 1989 I have been in the book publis...
ALL NEW !!! 7 th Annual Edition For Authors & Publishers I never thought I would be up to 2,650 posts on my blog. At the six...
The best of nearly five years and 1800 blog posts The Official 2016 Book Marketing & Book Publicity Toolkit I reviewed th...
Brian Feinblum, the creator and author of BookMarketingBuzzBlog, is the chief marketing officer for the nation's largest book promotions firm, Media Connect (www.Media-Connect.com), formerly Planned Television Arts, and has been involved in book publicity and marketing since 1989. He has served several book publishing companies as a publicist, book editor, and acquisitions editor. Brian, who earned a BA in English from Brooklyn College, became a published author in 1995 when he penned The Florida Homeowner, Condo and Co-Op Handbook. He resides in Westchester, New York with his wife, two young children, and an English Bulldog.
Currently 5 authorized gaming websites offer Book Of Ra, and game can be played with real money or for free. Money transactions are made by most known credit cards such as Visa, Maestro or Mastercard and by variety of e-wallets such as Paypal, Moneybookers, Neteller, Giropay, Paysafecard, Ukash...
Book Of Ra Games on the Egyptian topic are very popular in many online casinos. Book of Ra slot is one of the first games on this topic. This famous game machine released… Book of Ra slot is one of the first games on this topic. This famous game machine released…
Many of people wonder how to download our files!Solution is easy! Follow this step-by-step instruction to download just what you need! 1. Click on the Download button.. 2. When you choose the first button, the archive of the file will automatically be downloaded into your computer, then you have to extract the files.
Ensure success in your classroom and beyond with engaging, developmentally appropriate leveled books at 29 reading levels to increase comprehension and fluency.
Monster Legends Community. 5.2M likes. Monster Legends is an RPG game with epic battles, challenging dungeons and monsters of all types! Breed new... Monster Legends is an RPG game with epic battles, challenging dungeons and monsters of all types! Breed new...
This podcast is from the Book Slam literary club night in London and features live readings, performances and interviews from the event. Check www.bookslam.com for more details.
The eighteenth edition of the Book Slam podcast is a bumper episode featuring David Simon, creator of 'The Wire', reading from 'Homicide' and, later, discussing his work, Booker-shortlisted novelist, Steve Toltz, talking about 'A Fraction Of The Whole', poetry from Zena Edwards, wisdom from Yasmin Alibhai-Brown and live music from Bana Etike and hip hop ingenue, Speech Debelle.
Forget your oven, and make oven-free summer recipes using your slow cooker with the help of this eCookbook, Summer Meals That Won't Heat Up The House: 30 Summer Slow Cooker Recipes. This eCookbook is packed with summertime slow cooker recipes for any occasion, whether you're hosting a social gathering, bringing a dish for a potluck, or planning a summer, weeknight meal. In our collection of 30 summer slow cooker recipes, you'll find slow cooker summer recipes for slow cooker appetizer recipes, slow cooker drink recipes, slow cooker main dish recipes, slow cooker side dish recipes and slow cooker dessert recipes.
All cars come with a warranty. We have 25 years experience in selling and repairing Volvos & Subarus.
After Cragen is accused of murder, the team works secretly around the clock to defend him. Meanwhile
While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy.© Copyright babakas.org. All Rights Reserved.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be foud on this site that is not this site property rem
Mike Singh:The Canada savings bond is offered by the government of Canada to investors from early October through April 1. These bonds were introduced in 1946 under the name "Victory Bonds" to serve as a viable and secure option for investors who wanted more security than mutual funds or stocks could offer. Before this time, however, Canada had trading instruments that were similar to Savings Bonds, such as the Canada Fourth Victory Loan of 1943 and the Canada-Dominion War Savings Certificate, issued in 1944.
1) The Canada Retirement Savings Plan (RSP): This is a no cost RRSP (registered retirement savings plan) implemented for carrying Canada Premium and Canada Savings Bonds. 2) The Canada Premium Bond: This provides a fixed rate of return in regular and compound interest. 3) The Canada Retirement Income Fund (RIF): This is no cost fund implemented for carrying the Canada Premium and Canada Savings Bond.
The Canada Savings Bond and the Canada Premium Bond are very similar; however the Savings Bond can be cashed at any time of the year, while the Premium is cashable only one time a year. Either bond can be purchased with a registered retirement savings or a retirement income fund. Premium bonds will always have a higher interest rate than those of Savings bonds sold at the same time. They can be purchased in compound interest form or simple interest form, and one kind can be exchanged for the other at any time.
One reason that Canada Savings Bonds are popular is the security they offer to investors. Since they are backed by the government, they make an excellent addition to the secure portion of any portfolio. In addition, Canada Savings Bonds have a guaranteed interest rate: they can increase along market lines, but never fall below a stated percentage for each investment period. They are an affordable option for almost everyone, with prices as low as $100.
The Canada Saving Bond, which is available only to Canada residents, can be purchased on-line, on the phone, in person at a bank or from an investment broker during its six-month enrollment period. It can even be acquired through a direct payroll deduction, making them accessible to just about everyone in the country. And, there is no brokerage fees involved in purchasing a Canada Savings Bond. With millions of Canadian investors purchasing bonds every year, the security of these bonds will continue to strengthen portfolios of investors around the country.
Do you feel tired most mornings even after an 8-hour sleep? Do you need to force yourself off the couch after work to cook dinner or even get ready for bed? Are you thinking to yourself why you are so tired? There may be some reasons why you may feel this way, such as stress, not eating enough and not exercising. Have you ever had one of those hard days where your bust to get home? Boost Your Bust Review You feel tired and possibly have a severe headache to add to your discomfort. Imagine this scenario; They come home and are welcomed by their loving husband. Already prepared dinner. The music is playing, and then your favorite song lights up. Turn up the stereo volume and take your hand. Pretty soon you’re sitting all over the room laughing and smiling as if you did not have a care in the world! I waited; Only a few minutes ago you were ready to collapse and let’s not forget that nasty headache.
What happened? Energy can be manipulated by well-known ones like diet, exercise, and stress, but it can also be dependent on your emotional state and mentality. Let’s see how you can increase your energy naturally. Grab a piece of paper and start listing all the things, activities, people and circumstances that make you happy. Base the list of things you have experienced, as well as things you do not have, yet. Create a journal from Monday to Sunday. For each day start to slot into various activities or people that you can see or do on those days. Try to stick to your “diary” of fun things and vary from week to week. By injecting your week with the novel as well as proven pleasure activities, you will increase your energy. Being in a routine can make us focus on the negatives and get caught up in the hassles of everyday life.
As you try to blend your week, you will begin to rekindle your passion for life. Give it a try! Any situation where you are creating joy and lowering your stress levels is a good thing. We all have personal preferences for what kind of music we like. Any music, but especially those with an optimistic melody, can change our state of energy. Come home from work and lift the stereo. He dances like crazy around the room and releases any stored voltage. This tip works a charm on stressed business people. A client of mine has a “personal music hour” on the weekend where she dances like a crazy woman to release any stress! This “theory” has been tried and tested and works. It is so important to eat every 3-4 hours to keep your blood sugar levels, so you do not feel weak or start to lose focus. Breakfast is a must in your pursuit of energy throughout the day. Add protein to keep it full for longer and fruits like berries for an extra kick of vitamins.
Boost your bust book reviews yahoo answers youtube secrets yahoo does really work yahoo 101 ways moves free workout work website with exercise where to buy wiki what to do without surgery does work online read download pdf for iphone tips guide free download herbs in hindi vital101 how to size naturally with exercise information in 6 size side effects steps summary scribd secrets online tips testimonials the book tricks tablets true tutorial uk has anyone used foods to pdf 2shared free secrets scam customer reviews before and after free ebook pdf jenny money back guarantee natural enlargement techniques now negative reviews notes natural breast enlargement nexus size naturally phone number online reading official website order online guide opinions on ipad secrets of boost your bust questions recipes reviews yahoo read online free results revealed routine review amazon refund real secrets revealed amazon answers app author article advice an honest review any good before and after pictures free book secrets review amazon download read online free download pdf chapter 1 cream recipe contact number chapter 5 comments content contact download digital guide download pdf discount does it really work diet summary of secrets of revealed cost of book contents price program pills price philippines preview pages how to use who has used users video instructions in stores 7 days is it real ingredients in india kindle leaked legit manuscript meaning method massage cream video download ebook doesn work does it work yahoo ebook exercises exposed ebook download ebay epub experience reviews email foods free free version.
Log onto our school district website for any information on school closures or delays due to weather.
A5 - Self-identified as a consultant, self-employed or unemployed, with any travel during the relevant 4 year period.
The 2017 BolderBoulder was host to one of the more competitive citizen’s races in recent history. Brandon Johnson was looking to repeat his win from last year but Barnabas Kosgei wasn’t having any of it. After missing the official start he spent the first mile catching up to the lead pack. Then put on a surge at mile 5 to create the gap he needed for the win with a time of 30:00 gun time (his chip time is about 15 seconds faster, but official win times are based on the gun, not chip). In the women’s race, Lauren Martin, set a strong steady pace from the beginning. By mile 2 she pushed the lead and with a much faster mile 5 secured her victory with a time of 34:55. Fun and frivolity followed.
Neal, M., 1993. An investigation into the nature of cross-national managerial work. Doctorate Thesis (Doctorate). Bournemouth University.
In 1971 when hunting was banned and Project Tiger launched, the concept of responsible tourism began here. The need to conserve the delicate balance between tourism and nature was appreciated.
Sher Bagh is the ultimate combination of linking luxury living with outdoor adventure. The 12 bedroom tents are modelled on those for H.H. the Maharajah of Jodhpur and have unbelievably comfy beds, spacious bathrooms and verandas on which to enjoy the natural grounds, and reflect on the day’s events.
Its ideal site, close to the park entrance, means no long, bumpy, morning drives in the jeep. The experienced and keen eyes and ears of your trackers and drivers have left very few ‘tiger spotting’ guests disappointed.
Dining has something for everyone – expansive English breakfasst, and outdoor continental lunches of soup, pasta, chicken and salads. Dinner is decisively more local in flavour, with lightly spiced meat and vegetables.
Despite its apparent isolation there is a helipad for emergencies or luxurious travel and transfers to and from the local station are also available.
After an exhilarating day in the forest, it is possible to enjoy some ‘me time’ relaxing with a book on your veranda. After dinner you can attend special evening talks with dedicated conservationists. All is magical and atmospheric after dark as lights glow all around against the backdrop of the forest.
You need to secure your seat far in advance if you wish to safari in one of the smaller jeeps - the Forest Department limits numbers.
The display book will contain his detailed fight record; fight reports; a photograph; an action photograph; programmes; a managers card and a rating list.
Interested in British boxing history? Then why not join our facebook group and share your knowledge with others. To get involved, click the link below.
This is not the Official Court Authorized Website. Go to www.deepwaterhorizonsettlements.com to make a claim directly with the Court Authorized Program
If you need help, members of our network are here to help you with your specific needs. If you are dealing with various notices, or just want the backing of a proven firm with a strong track record processing claims, they are here too.
Different members of our Network have certain specialties, as one may deal with a larger multi facility claim, and another may be experts in construction claims, and so on.
Since the recent court rulings, we are now seeing BP claims paying again. About a month after the decision made by the Fifth Circuit Court ordering BP to resume payments, we began to see a regular flow in the way of notices and some payments.
Keep in mind, all claims that were not paid prior to the halt in payments that was ordered in late 2013 have to be recalculated to determine if they are going to be subject to Policy 495 (which involves matching and smoothing financial statements to avoid showing an overstated loss).
If the company has financial statements showing a revenue trend making it subject to 495, the claim will be recalculated according to the new Policy.
This means that an earlier estimate you received may change, and you may have to wait a little longer to receive your claim.
We have also been told that medical claims are now paying out, but only the smaller ones, claims of around $1,300.00.
One of the huge problems we are starting to see is that people may have a claim filed, but they have not heard anything from the claims office or attorney they filed with.
While it is not unusual for a claim to take a couple of years to pay out, not hearing ANYTHING may indicate a problem.
We have discovered that some of the firms have abandoned their clients, and many of those claims have been denied. Some of these clients were never notified.
1-800-BPCLAIM is still filing claims, since there is not an official effective date, there is not an official deadline. After the effective date is set, claims can still be filed for six months past the effective date.
WE CAN HELP. If there is a problem with your claim, it is possible for you to take control of your claim and take a course of action that will enable you to collect the money you are entitled to.
You can quickly discover the status of your claim by going to www.deepwaterhorizoneconomicsettlement.com, then go to check my status. You will need you claimant ID and the last four digits of your business or social security number.
You should be able to check your status on-line, or you can call 866-992-6174 to reach Deepwater Horizon directly.
If you find your claim has been dropped due to processor error, call us. We can help. We have never stopped filing and we will continue to file claims until the last BP Claim is filed.
You may be contacted by a representative of a Law firm about this matter and the submission of your information in no way constitutes an attorney-client relationship.
This is a review of the May 04, 2017 hardcover edition of the book “The Retreat of Western Liberalism”, Little, Brown
I tried to post this review as “The book debunks Western democracy once and for all” on Amazon.in. However, as I had forgotten that a review on Amazon may not include URLs, the review was rejected by Amazon.in. I am unable to post it again even without the URLs..
I tried to copy this review on Amazon.in with the following introduction but he had included two URLs in the introduction so that the review was rejected. The reviewer is unable to post again – without the URL like he does here..
have allowed me thanks to my comment to my own review at Amazon.co.uk to post the review on Amazon.in
This review refers to the hardcover edition of the book which this reviewer reviewed on Amazon.co.uk without the present introduction relating to the fact that the book is required reading for the delegates at the August 31, 2017 “India Summit 2017”, organised by The Economist.
By concentrating on the morality of actions while ignoring the consequences of such actions, the book debunks Western democracy once and for all.
This book which does not refer to Gandhi’s “satyagraha”, the idea of nonviolent resistance or search for truth through discussion, is essential reading for anyone attending the India Summit 2017 organised by the London-based weekly The Economist newspaper in New Delhi on August 31, 2017.
This is the same newspaper which on June 24, 2017 criticised the Modi administration for not being enough of a reformer.
The Summit should be interesting as Minister of Finance, His Excellency Arun Jaitley, is one of the speakers.
Another subject is of course demonetisation. In his review on this site of the 2016 “The Oxford Handbook of the Indian Constitution”, edited by Sujit Choudhry, Madhav Khosla, and Pratap Bhanu Mehta, the reviewer has shown that demonetisation is null and void.
Robert Koopman, chief economist and director of the economic research and statistics division at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) will participate in a panel: “What must happen now to sustain India’s economic growth trajectory?” The WTO is an organisation which was supposed to be formed in 1944 at the Bretton Woods conference which created the IMF and World Bank, says Professor Catherine R. Schenk from Glasgow University in her 2011 book “International Economic Relations since 1945”. In 1971, USA president Nixon repealed Bretton Woods. The WTO was only created in 1995, i.e., at a moment Nixon destroyed the Bretton Woods institutions. What’s the use then of the WTO?
A 2015 column “A new Bretton Woods – Older multilateral institutions must adjust to new world order, or see more AIIBs, BRICS banks emerge” by Janmejaya Sinha. Chairman Asia Pacific, Boston Consulting Group , called for a new Bretton Woods. If the Modi administration wants to show it has, contrary to what The Economist said in June 2017, the competence of being a reformer, why not take the lead in developing this new Bretton Woods? The Modi project could be submitted to the India-Asean Summit in November 2017 in the Philippines. ASEAN is the Association of South East Asian Nations. The Philippine Star newspaper ran on April 20, 2017 an article under the title “Trump’s attendance in November Asean meet likely”
But the reason why the book which is hereby being reviewed is required reading for the Summit is that an earlier version of the Programme had a session “The World If: Democracy’s demise”.
“Donald Trump’s victory in the American presidential election came just a few months after Britain’s vote to leave the European Union; these two events have left many people questioning the future of democracy. Critics of India’s economic development often cite China in comparison: Beijing’s single-party approach to running the country is credited for over 20 years of double-digit growth. India, on the other hand, has not fulfilled the great expectations many had at the start of the 1990s. Could democracy be the culprit?
In this speculative session, we imagine an India that abandons its democratic foundations in favour of single-party rule. Would its people, business and economy be better off by 2050.”
The question of the book which was published in May 2017 is whether the Western way of life and our liberal democratic system can survive the dramatic shift of global power (p. 28) to the East but the author, a journalist at the Financial Times, does not refer to the book “Easternisation” by his colleague Gideon Rachman at the Financial Times, book which was published eight months earlier.
The inside flap says that the book provides a forward-thinking analysis of what those who believe in enlightenment values must do to defend them from the multiple onslaughts they face in the coming years. “Enlightenment” is written with a small e. From pp. 24 and 104, it is clear that what is meant here is the Enlightenment with a capital e. The Enlightenment is one of reasons why Modernity was born in the West, says p. 24.
The author obtained in 1990 an undergraduate degree from New College, Oxford in Politics, Economics and … Philosophy. The main philosopher behind the Enlightenment is Immanuel Kant (1724-1804).
The book quotes Kant once. On p. 126, the author writes that Rousseau and Kant believed in humanity’s innate moral compass – the popular common sense that was celebrated by Thomas Paine. The index says at the word “democracy” that this is the idealism of Rousseau and Kant concerning … democracy, not concerning the Enlightenment since it is at the word “democracy”. (Or what? It’s the editor/publisher not the author who composes the index?)
Jean-Jacques was the chap who sent the children he had with his mistress to the orphanage across the street. Please allow this reviewer to pass over JJR’s general will leading to the social contract. (On top of his bphouse.com Honest Money blog, this reviewer has a paper “C’est la faute à Rawls”.)
Unconsciously, Luce demonstrates the main problem with democracy on p. 126 where he writes that Kant believed in humanity’s innate moral compass – the popular common sense that was celebrated by Thomas Paine. Luce is here referring to Kant’s categorical imperative.
“Act only according to that maxim through which you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law”,
After having given this definition, Kant went on to give us a formulation of the categorical imperative that he thinks is easier to use than the one already given. (J.B. Schneewind, “Autonomy, obligation and virtue: An overview of Kant’s moral philosophy”, in: Paul Guyer, (ed.), “The Cambridge Companion to Kant”, Cambridge UP, 1992. 309 p. 320)
“So act as if the maxim of your action were to become through your will a universal law of nature. “
” […] in Kant, metaphysical principles are like ‘regulative ideas, and moral principles are absolute. With respect to persons, in his ‘categorical imperative’, Kant posits an ‘innate moral duty’ as “species” of first ethical realistic principles. Kant asserts that the fundamental principle of our moral duties is a ‘categorical imperative’. It concentrates on the morality of actions while ignoring the consequences of such actions. This is absolutised since the morality of an action disregards the situation in hand. Kant illustrates the will as operating principle on the basis of subjective volitional principles that he calls ‘maxims’. And so, morality and other rational demands are requirements, which pertain to the maxims that motivate our actions. This proposal in Kant can be contrasted with the Thomistic ‘synderesis’, which is an innate habit.”
“It impossible to decide about the justice of any one particular rule of just conduct except within the framework of a whole system of such rules, most of which must for this purpose be regarded as unquestioned; values can always be tested only in terms of other values. The test of the justice of a rule is usually (since Kant) described as that of its ‘universalisability’, i.e., of the possibility of willing that the rules should be applied to all instances that correspond to the conditions stated in it (the ‘categorical imperative’). What this amounts to is that in applying it to any concrete circumstances it will not conflict with any other accepted rules. The test is thus in the last resort one of the compatibility or non-contradictoriness of the whole system of rules, not merely in the logical sense but in the sense that the system of actions which the rules permit will not lead to conflict. ”
(Hayek, “The Principles of a Liberal Social Order”, paper submitted to the Tokyo meeting of the Mont Pélerin Society, September 1966 and published in: “Il Politico” 31, no. 4 (December 1966): 601–618,
The Kant quote from p. 126 further alleges that the categorical imperative, which Luce defines as humanity’s innate moral compass, corresponds to the popular common sense that was celebrated by Thomas Paine.
The “Dictionary of American History”, Encyclopedia.com, says that “Common Sense” was a 1776 influential revolutionary pamphlet by Thomas Paine stressing the logic of America’s independence, while avoiding abstract philosophy, favouring instead the ordinary language of artisans and biblical examples to support Paine’s argument. Sideways, the Dictionary adds that Paine’s original title for the tract was “plain truth”.
The only reference this reviewer found to common sense in the pamphlet is that the pamphlet’s purpose was to examine that connection to and dependence on Great Britain, on the principles of nature and common sense, to see what we have to trust to, if separated, and what we are to expect, if dependent.
Why not invoke the “common sense” of another USA revolutionary pamphlet, one of a century later, i.e., 1870? The pamphlet is “No Treason – The Constitution of No Authority” where Lysander Spooner writes that if the people of the USA wish to maintain such a government as the Constitution describes, there is no reason in the world why they should not sign the instrument itself, and thus make known their wishes in an open, authentic manner; in such manner as the “common sense” and experience of mankind have shown to be reasonable and necessary in such cases; and in such manner as to make themselves (as they ought to do) individually responsible for the acts of the government. But the people have never been asked to sign it. And the only reason why they have never been asked to sign it, has been that it has been known that they never would sign it; that they were neither such fools nor knaves as they must needs have been to be willing to sign it; that (at least as it has been practically interpreted) it is not what any sensible and honest man wants for himself; nor such as he has any right to impose upon others. It is, to all moral intents and purposes, as destitute of obligations as the compacts which robbers and thieves and pirates enter into with each other, but never sign, end of quote.
Common sense does not have a value of representation, but it has a value of meaning insofar as it notifies the existence of a reality that it determines by the attitude and conduct that we must take and follow in order to orient and lead us towards the object in question.
This means that, contrary to what Kant and Hayek argue, common sense can never give us the rules to be applied without knowing the situation to which the rules have to be applied.
“Synderesis”, like the correct Greek word, “synesis” (insight) of of which “synderesis” is a bastardisation, which Aquinas did not know, is indeed about naturally grasping the general principles to be applied to any intelligible reality after having in the same natural way grasped the truth in that reality, says Mary Christine Ugobi-Onyemere.
The Top Customer Review of March 11, 2016 on Amazon.com of the quoted Spooner pamphlet says that if you love Rousseau’s “Social Contract” you will hate this book; for they are emphatically opposed. There’s Jean-Jacques through the backdoor of the orphanage.
The book which is hereby being reviewed opts p. 104 for Locke’s definition of social contract instead of that of Rousseau (no, instead of that Hobbes, the author says) although on p. 126 the author seems to agree with Rousseau’s “believe in humanity’s innate moral compass” which gives rise to Rousseau’s general will of the people.
This entry was posted on Sunday, July 2nd, 2017 at 18:32	and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Availability: Not Available Discontinued - Unfortunately this product has been discontinued and we will not be receiving any more stock. Click here for alternative products.
With so many available these days, it is wise to have a make you can recognise. The Foam Bath Toys Numbers - Best Baby Bath Toys For Toddlers Kids Girls Boys - Non Toxic Numbers Animals Bath Toy Set of 27pcs - Preschool Educational Floating Bathtub Toys - Bath Toy Storage Mesh Bag is certainly that and will be a superb purchase.
For this reduced price, the Foam Bath Toys Numbers - Best Baby Bath Toys For Toddlers Kids Girls Boys - Non Toxic Numbers Animals Bath Toy Set of 27pcs - Preschool Educational Floating Bathtub Toys - Bath Toy Storage Mesh Bag is widely recommended and is always a regular choice with lots of people. BABY LOOVI have added some excellent touches and this equals good value.
Why our bath toys are the best choice for toddlers and kids? The foam bath toys have been designed to make bath-time in educational manner for your toddlers and kids. Let your boys and girls learn digits by playing with this 27-piece foam number set, featuring 27 colorful foam bath toys that stick to any surface when wet. Combining fun and education, this toy set includes free storage bag, and carries sensational features you'll love to experience. Bath toy set is ideal for encouraging fun and imaginative play, making them ideal early learning educational tools. Featuring 11 floating numbers, 10 animals, 1 locomotive and 5 signs - These preschool educational bathtub toys allow your toddler to gain a head start before school starts. Non Toxic Foam Numbers 1-10 can be fixed into the animals, creating puzzle-fun that will ignite their number and problem-solving skills. Your child can find bath-time boring, and who can blame them...Your toddler may even fear the water and cry when bath-time approaches. Toddler bath toys provide a solution with foam bath numbers that feature amazingly vivid colors that will catch your boys or girls attention, no matter their age. Parents are always telling us how their children fall in love with our bath toys from the moment they see them allowing their kids to have fun and enjoy their time in bathtub! Discover animal foam numbers that stick to objects when wet - Use the bath tub or tiles as a blank canvas and let your toddlers newly acquired math skills shine! Our bathtub toy measure about 4''x 4'' each, with a thickness of 0.4''. In such a large size, your toddler will have the chance to get hands-on and fully immerse themselves in play! Shop today and receive a bath toy organizer, offering convenient toy storage that maintains the tidiness of your home. The mesh-made bag easily drains water and prevents mold. Safety:100% NON-TOXIC, BPA, PVC, PHTHALATE FREE! What is in the box: - Floating kids bath toys; - Bath toy organizer.
? FOAM BATH TOYS NUMBERS are the best choice for toddlers and kids, girls and boys. ? BABY BATH TOYS convenient, fun and practical solution to get you kids played busy with bath toy set. Bath toys for toddlers and kids are interesting variety of educational toys that help girls and boys discover and explore the world through a fun and exciting game. ? NUMBERS ANIMALS BATH TOY SET are made of non-toxic materials. Animals bath toy set is PVC-free and Phthalate-free. The foam numbers do not have bad smell or odor and do not cause an allergic reaction. ? PRESCHOOL EDUCATIONAL BATHTUB TOYS help to discover the world in funny and interesting way. Engage your children easily to learn math and counting early in life. Bath toy organizer is great for easy storage and organizing the toys between baths ? BUY BATHTUB TOYS and GET 100% SATISFACTION or get a refund within 30 days from purchase date if you experience any problem with the product. Foam bath toys are the best choice for your kids
Babys online store - We sell babies products online- Cheap baby store online! is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Although mobile devices do a great job of helping people communicate with friends and family who live many miles away, there is just something special about custom, handwritten messages and drawings that people ...
Dealing with contaminants in the air can be a daily struggle for people ranging from those with asthma to to those allergic to pets. While people think they can head inside to escape hazardous air, that’s not ...
Sometimes it would be handy to have a second smartphone on hand. That way, if one of them runs out of juice, the second device can be used to make an urgent phone call. But having two separate devices would be a ...
Just because a keyboard folds up doesn’t necessarily mean that it’s easy to drag around with us while traveling. If it can’t fit in a pocket, one can make a case that a keyboard still isn’t much more ...
Tom Cruise may have brought the risky business of air guitar playing in tightey-whiteys into the limelight back in the early ’80s. But today, the usually frivolous activity has a governing body and an annual ...
Intervalometers are handy camera accessories because they allow photographers to operate the shutter at precise moments over a period of time. That’s especially the case while trying to shoot time-lapse ...
As more and more hobbies and work become digitized, more people spend an increasing number of hours in front of screens daily. As a result, eyes are strained, resulting in dry, irritated eyes and blurry vision along ...
The world of professional gaming is a behemoth, with games of League of Legends and Starcraft II routinely ponying up ever increasing prize pools and attendance rates in its biggest annual tournaments. Its growth is ...
The following is a sponsored post from Kinsa and does not necessarily reflect the opinions of Backerjack’s editorial staff. IoT just got a little more personal. The Kinsa Smart Thermometer is a durable, ...
Vinyl records are currently enjoying somewhat of a renaissance. But the design and appearance of most turntables is fairly standard. Atmo Sfera, however, represents a new spin on the classic turntable. The most ...
Browse by Month Select Month May 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013
angel yard decor decor a solar powered hanging angel outdoor decoration christmas angel yard decorations.
Fred Ward is an American character actor, producer and model. He began his film career in 1979 alongside Clint Eastwood in Escape from Alcatraz.
His notable roles include Southern Comfort, The Right Stuff, Remo Williams, his self-produced movie Miami Blues, Tremors, Henry & June, The Player, Short Cuts, Big Business, Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult, Tremors II: Aftershocks, Chain Reaction, Road Trip, Management as well as character roles in many action, drama, comedy and thriller movies.
"I doing casual labor by the day. They wouldn’t pay you until the next morning. There was a bar that would cash your check if you bought a beer first. A lot of guys never left until they’d drunk up all their money."
"Initially, it was the unpractical in fashion that brought me to design my own line. I felt that it was much more attractive to cut clothes with respect for the living, three-dimensional body rather than to cover the body with decorative ideas." ― Jil Sander
"There is a very well-defined procedure that allows the Vatican to raise issues with a particular theologian about something that does not appear in conformity with the Catholic faith. It is not always easy to make this determination." ― Godfried Danneels
"I have offended God and mankind because my work didn’t reach the quality it should have." ― Leonardo da Vinci
"We’re not doing outrageous fashion; I make sports clothes that are relatively conservative, clothes that everyone wears." ― Calvin Klein
Iris Murdoch was an Anglo-Irish novelist and philosopher, best known for her novels about good and evil, sexual relationships, morality, and the power of the unconscious.
Her first published novel, Under the Net, was selected in 1998 as one of Modern Library’s 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century.
"People from a planet without flowers would think we must be mad with joy the whole time to have such things about us."
"The priesthood is a marriage. People often start by falling in love, and they go on for years without realizing that love must change into some other love which is so unlike it that it can hardly be recognized as love at all."
"In almost every marriage there is a selfish and an unselfish partner. A pattern is set up and soon becomes inflexible, of one person always making the demands and one person always giving way."
"Happiness is a matter of one’s most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self."
"As a child I was a great liar. Fortunately my mother liked my lies. I promised her marvelous things." ― Gunter Grass
"The primary requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite. Without this, it is impossible to accumulate, within the allotted span, enough experience of eating to have anything worth setting down." ― A. J. Liebling
Brainwaves, Total Brain Functioning, and the Development of Higher States of Consciousness: A Tutorial with an Overview of Brainwave Research and Growth of Higher States of Consciousness (16 pages, 748k)
The 100 billion human brain cells function in a ‘sea’ of electrical activity that can be detected by sensors placed on the scalp. Neuroscience considers brain cells which give off electrical signals in step with each other to be correlated or “coherent.” Coherent waves of electrical activity in the brain represent a key sign of integrated or coordinated functioning in a brain which performs millions of separate tasks every second. The synchronous activity arising from millions of brain cells is constantly fluctuating. This endogenous oscillation is thought to represent the ongoing neural processing corresponding to the structure and content of our changing mental states. These endogenous rhythms periodically summate, allowing the electrical activity to reach the surface of the scalp where it can then be recorded as brainwaves. Sensory experience represents a dynamic manipulation and phase resetting of the endogenous oscillations of the circuits within and between the thalamus and cerebral cortex. Integration of the vast diversity of brain activity supports our states of consciousness and the content of our conscious experience. The Transcendental Meditation technique, the TM-Sidhi program and Yogic Flying have been shown to greatly enhance brain integration. The progressive growth of global brain coherence closely correlates with the growth of human potential and well-being, reaching a state of total brain functioning in enlightenment.
Our Indonesia Trip last from 23rd June 2001 to 22nd July 2001. From the initial apprehension of going to the final tremendous fun, this diary traced our diary activities and feelings in Yogyakarta. We hope u have enjoy reading it as much as we did enjoy ourselves there.
As the diary was only given to us on the 4th day of our stay, so it is quite a pity that the preliminary hesitation, worries etc, of the first three days were not recorded now. These few days were important to the fact that we were meeting our adopted parents for the very first time and the whole groups were separated on the very first day we arrived to stay with our adopted parents. But, don't worry because the rest of the diary is going to be just as interesting. Selamat Menikmati Membaca!
Balloon Affects - Contact Us - Deliveries Offered to Santa Monica, Malibu, and throughout Los Angeles
Send us an e-mail at info@balloonaffects.com with some basic information regarding your query. A Balloon Affects Customer Service Representative will contact you within one business day to process your order.
Call us at (310) 478-5306 to speak with one of our friendly Customer Service Representatives. We shall process your order as soon as possible!
Stop by our showroom at 3763 Midvale Ave, Los Angeles, California 90034. Our showroom is open during regular business hours from Monday to Friday, 10 AM to 5 PM Pacific Time.
Balloon Affects is always on the lookout for first rate event planners to help “wow” our customers. To inquire about working with us, please contact our Vendor Network Manager, Mike, at (310) 478-5306.
Directions: Balloon Affects is located in West Los Angeles, California. For driving directions please use the map below.
James Swallow takes us on a ride that I wanted off well before I reached the end. Fans of 40k will notice many blood angel characters act very different than how they are described in this book. I know that the 40k canon has this huge rule about if it could happen a story can be told about it, but this reaches fan fiction levels of bending the rules.
The protagonist is Rafen, a blood angel. He's not of a high rank, he is one of a thousand. This character is invented for this book. But this insignificant guy stops a civil war involving his brother, Defeats an unbeaten illness, survives a fight with an undefeated Astorath, injects himself with the blood of his primarch, and gains recognition and respect from the chapter master Dante.
It really feels like the author made this character to simply one up the entire blood angels chapter. Rafen is so loaded with plot armor he's indestructible.
Poor writing and a disregard for anything other than the protagonist made me loathe this book and this series.
James Swallow is a New York Times, Sunday Times and Amazon bestselling author and scriptwriter, a BAFTA nominee, a former journalist and the award-winning writer of over forty-five books, along with numerous scripts for videogames, radio and television.
His writing includes the Marc Dane action thriller series, the Sundowners steampunk Westerns and fiction from the worlds of Star Trek, Warhammer 40,000, Doctor Who, 24, Deus Ex, Stargate, Tannhauser and 2000AD.
His latest novel GHOST is out now from Bonnier Zaffre. For exclusive content, information on new releases and a FREE deleted scene from his novel NOMAD, sign up to the Readers’ Club here: www.bit.ly/JamesSwallow
Phone number you need to drive to protect against robots. I indicated the phone and downloaded without registration.
Banned Family Porn - familykidnapped and forced to fuck vintage baltimore sex and full stream video of porno incest and front boyfriend forced incest porn
Rape Portal - the best rape video sex site on the net! Raped teens, daughters embedded on rape videos and photo galleries.�Mega full violence collection of real rapes you can found on this extreme rape video site and it's all for�FREE
This site can ONLY be accessed by legal adults (over 18 or 21). This site MUST NOT be viewed by minors!
Today, August 2nd, marks Breakaway Staffing Solution’s 14th birthday! Founded in 2002, we’re proud to have been Mississauga’s agency for Transportation and Logistics employment for the last 14 years.
Thank you again to all of our employees, associates, and clients that have contributed to Breakaway’s success over the last 14 years.
A mural of former Mayor Frank Rizzo is reflected on the windshield of a vehicle at Ninth and Montrose Streets in the Italian Market on February 23, 2005. Diane Keller painted the mural on the side of a three-story building in 1995.
Sunset Grille - Sutton Station is a restaurant. This drink special is listed for November 12, 2018 and is offered all day. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
Sunset Grille - Sutton Station is a restaurant. This drink special is listed for November 19, 2018 and is offered all day. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
As the Barotseland official web page, Barotseland.info makes it easy for the public to get information on the Country of Barotseland and services on the web. Barotseland.info also serves as the catalyst for information on the History, Culture and Events in Barotseland.
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Guaranteed for 3 years and are manufactured to TUV and GS standards. 30mm x 20mm Aluminium bars. Max weight 60 kgs Contains 2x 1.35m aluminium bars, feet, fitting kit, tools and full instruction. Lockable for security Learn More
Guaranteed for 3 years and are manufactured to TUV and GS standards. 30mm x 20mm steel bars. Max weight 75 kgs Fixing system with Allen key which fixes the bar to the foot and the foot to the railing at the same time Lockable for security Learn More
Guaranteed for 3 years and are manufactured to TUV and GS standards. 30mm x 20mm Aluminium bars. Max weight 75 kgs Fixing system with Allen key which fixes the bar to the foot and the foot to the railing at the same time Lockable for security Learn More
Copyright © 2013-2018 Bars4Cars, Inc. All rights reserved. Bars4Cars is part of UKB4C Limited. UKB4C Limited is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 11010304. Registered office address: 6 Wyre Close, Desborough, Kettering, United Kingdom, NN14 2WQ.
On this site you can read all about my travels to different parks, see photos, and find links to park websites.
This sample site is an example of using the core of Joomla! to create a basic website, whether a "brochure site," a personal blog, or as a way to present information on a topic you are interested in.
Synopsis: The adventures of Ash Ketchum and his partner Pikachu, who travel across many regions in hopes of being regarded as a Pokemon master.
All of the free movies found on this website are hosted on third-party servers that are freely available to watch online for all internet users. Any legal issues regarding the free online movies on this website should be taken up with the actual file hosts themselves, as we're not affiliated with them.
This article was originally published on July 27,2012 and last revision and update of it was 9/2/2015.
DISCLAIMER: The information provided on Breast-Cancer.net is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between a patient/site visitor and his/her health professional. The site’s content is not medical advice and you should seek a licensed physician for your health issues. Breast-Cancer.net takes no responsibility for any possible consequences from any treatment, procedure, exercise, or application of medication which results from reading this site.
Looking for Broward Process Servers? Here are a few tips to consider choosing your next Civil Process Server in Broward County, Florida. - [Read More]
Modest Statements Court Attorney. Assistance,Statements, Defence, Movements, Trials, Appeals, Enforcement of Decision. - [Read More]
Tax Attorney Tulsa: Clifford N. Ribner. Veteran Tax Attorney, Litigator, Tax Law Professor, and Martindale AV for over 22 years. Tulsa attorney Clifford N. Ribner specializes in IRS problems, IRS appeals, employment tax Controversies, tax litigation and more. - [Read More]
Robert Sirianni managing director and founder of Brownstone, PA. also former prosecutor and law clerk for the U S Department of Justice. - [Read More]
Sirianni President of BROWNSTONE, P.A. Committed to the rule of law and appellate representation is unparalleled within the industry. - [Read More]
Attorney Rober Sirianni serves as an appellate advocate for multiple areas of Law including civil and criminal matters. - [Read More]
The Attorneys at Chicago Immigration Partners focus their practice almost exclusively on Immigration and will be the best ones to give you the greatest chance to obtain the immigration benefits you deserve. - [Read More]
Review time is shorter at start , growing to average 2 months. If you want faster reviews please use express or fast review type links.
Batchix is a monstress who was born one night under the bed during a terrific thunderstorm. She continued to struggle with addictions to robots, hoarding toys, and fu dogs well into her adult life, managing to overcome these trials in order to function in normal society- kind of.
She now lives under a spacious king sized bed somewhere in California along with her he-creature, cat, dolls and various robots. During the daytime hours she masquerades as a 3d modeler and texture artist for a video game company and sculpts dolls and draws comics by night.
How do I email you my order information? I don’t want to post it in a reply that will appear on your blog page.
I can offer a layaway so long as it’s paid off by the 15th of August. :3 Just shoot me an email if you want to work something out. thanks! :D
It would be $163 and must be paid off by Aug 15th. you have to email me in order to do it. I can only afford to do layaway for a few people at this time, so email me soon if you’re interested. :3 email is on the about page. <3
Hello! about Eta, you’ve writen that for the moment you can only choose her in blue. Will there be any chance to order her in white again?
I think your amazing with what you do, how old are you by the way? I thought you were 16 but some of my friends don’t believe that a 16 yo could make dolls ^_^
Haha~ I have been 16 twice now. :D I’m 32. However, I think a sixteen year old could make these if they had the drive and determination to do so. It’s all about practice. :3
She might be available again in the future, but I don’t have any immediate plans for it. there’ll be another pre-order in September with a new color and new faces. :3
Hello~! I was wondering if you take layaway and how long you are giving the time for that (like… longest period being once per month, 3 months max.. something like that… just example! I suck at explaining so i hope you get what i mean)
Layaway prices depends on the doll. For the Mini-Machinas it’s $150 down, then the rest in 2-3 months. I let you break up the payments however you need to, I’m pretty flexible.
During pre-orders I can only do so many layaways, so it’s first come first serve for those. For instock dolls the layaway’s always available. :3
Hello! I was wondering how one can get on your mailing list to find out about preorders. I’d like to get my hands on a Delta someday! Thanks!
We are pleased to invite you to participate in the second show organized in Paris dedicated to BJD, Pullip, Blythe… Dolls Rendez-Vous in Paris Show, to be held on Sunday 6 December 2015 at Fondation Biermans Lapôtre, Cité Internationale Universitaire, 9A Boulevard Jourdan, 75014 PARIS.
We would be very proud if you could share with us this Event, bringing together Exhibitors and visitors from Europe but also from other continents.
Taking into account the success obtained for the first edition and being that no other festival of this kind will take place this year in France, we expect to receive much more visitors as well as exhibitors than for 2014.
If you are interested in being part of our international Exhibitors, please let us know as soon as possible so we can start promoting your participation here in Paris.
Thank you so much for the invite! Unfortunately I will not be able to attend. My full time job doesn’t give me very much vacation time. Thank you!
Hi, can you add me to your mailing list? Also, I was wondering what price the mini machinas go for? Because you have specific release dates like nympheas doll does sometimes, it doesn’t show their prices…. and I’m 15, so you know, I can’t pull $ outta nowhere. XD I hae to save up for a long time.
I added you to the mailing list! The girls are $325 when they’re available, shipping is $20 US or $50 worldwide. I take a limited number of layaways during a pre-order too. :3
I would like info on ordering the Mini-machina dolls, which heads and colours are still available? Also, please add me to your mailing list…
I noticed that you were going to be at Resin Rose, and I got really excited! I was wondering if you were going to offer any of your Unicorn Boys available at the convention? I fell in love with them after seeing people on Instagram with them. Do you know how much they will cost if you will be offering them?
I’m excited too! I will hopefully have some available. Thankfully I have plenty of time to get them ready! They’re usually $60-75 depending on how finished they are. I might have some junk casts as well. :D
Euromillions tuesday 31 december 2013 Different types of birth control methods, euromillions tuesday 31 december 2013, is there any possible way to increase height.VIX,INDX,Volatility Index is the ticker symbol forhe Chicago Board Options Exchange Market Volatility Index.Forex news market clock mt4 indicator how to get a at new york company hiring tips employment online option trading platform enron win time user metatrader platform.I simultaneously thought Comcast CMCSA and Refined Product Summary TWC were dominant going to different off into every morning hours within the next several months.For the iraqi of took profits, we have the price ofoptions exercised.Albany state university online tuition Factors that affect the english language learning, albany state university online tuition, kid ink money and the power download.Abstract The present study will bring into discussion possible ways of changing the approach of teaching and learning in the current developing academic environment.
Ustas Guest Posts: 27 Joined: 14.03.2016. Top. Report this post.Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.In splinter to this, he learning asp.net for free support to.
AutoTraderProfit - The Future Of Automated Binary Options Trading.Vortex Trader PRO does not guarantee income or success, and examples shown in.Can you trust T3B Trading System, Keane Lee, WP Global Group, WPG Hotel Group.Secure Trading offers a reliable and secure internet payment gateway and is fully Level 1 PCI DSS compliant, making us leading online payment specialists.With TradeStation Web Trading, you can access your accounts, place trades and manage your accounts from any web browser.Hi, attended the talk on the t3b system and looks like a very good trading system, but it bit sceptical. furthermore, there is no trial period.It is currently 21.06.2016. Pathway: Board index T3b Trading System.The easiest and most powerful way to trade binary options online.
Trading Technologies sets the standard for professional trading platforms by anticipating the needs of our users to deliver solutions that give traders an edge.Home mom earns a t3b system is stock tips forex graph best of those trading.He is the sole developer of the Dynamite Forex System and the.A trading system is a tool used by traders that uses objective entry and exit criteria based on parameters that have been determined by.MetaStock has been providing award-winning analysis tools for the self-directed trader for almost 30 years.Largest database of free indicators, oscillators, systems and other useful tools for trading systems developers.It is currently 04.05.2016. Pathway: Board index T3b Trading System.Standard Online Share Trading has a diverse array of popular transactional productsto enhance your trading and investment portfolio.
T3B Trading Course - How To Trade Singapore Stocks And Win The Trading Game - T3B Trading System 5 Pillars of Wealh.Jim Berg: One Of The Best Trading Systems - Download Jimberg AFL - StockManiacs.net.To test the Lightspeed Trader system in a live data environment please call us at 888.T3B Or T.T.T.B - Largest database of free indicators, oscillators, systems and other useful tools for trading system developers.I am testing forex trading systems with the help of expert advisors in past currency pair data to assist forex beginners.Stochastic Divergence Trading System and Show Me. Login. Remember me.Fous Alerts offers insight into finding the best penny stocks.That means that every gain by one trader is offset by an equal loss by other.
This page contains all websites related to: T3b Trading System.T3B-System is an open source Social Bookmarking site running on a content management system that lets you easily submit your story.Login iBoss User ID. neither ibosstrading nor your brokerage firm nor any of its employees, agents,.
TD Securities is pleased to offer TDFX, an online foreign exchange trading application offering real-time competitive rates with the following.If you are trading this in real life, be sure to log into your trading account and execute.Nifty Futures Swing Trading System Trading is a zero-sum game.T4 WebTrader is a browser-based trading system that provides real-time market access to every exchange CTS offers.Click the button below if you would like to learn more about.RenkoMaker Pro trading system,RenkoMaker Pro MT4 Trend Follower Trading Forex System Profitable Indicators BONUS Natural Brilliance Training Program.
One of the rules of the trading system is to choose a nice trending stock, and thereafter,.Welcome To Trading Everest Email. Password. Login. Forgot Your Password.Open an FXCM forex demo account and practice forex trading risk free.If you are already a member please login using the form on the right.Practice day trading or swing trading over 11,000 Nasdaq, NYSE and AMEX stocks without risking your shirt.Fact 2: every t3b student are free to use whatever trading platform they are comfortable with,.The Mirror Trader is an algorithmic trading system, in which strategy providers design trading algorithms that analyse the market, according to different type of.
Hi all! I’m Ahmose Setu and I’m proud to announce that I’m the latest recruit to Battle Bunnies. I’ve been reading the blog on an almost daily basis for the last couple of years to get my daily hobby fix, so it will great to actually contribute!
I was slowly tricked into starting the hobby, by the same person who got Darien hooked again. I tested the waters by getting a small 1000pt Blood Angel force together, which was interlaced with a few FW units after a year of frantic painting. This whet my appetite for all the amazing models in the FW range. Fast forward a year and Ikthelion managed to get me into Heresy as well.
I really struggled to pick a Legion at first, but eventually settled on Death Guard. I picked them as I found a great way to paint them up quickly, whilst still looking good(hopefully!), as I was determined to amass a sizeable force within a year. I’ve managed to get a force to just over the 3k mark and have had the opportunity to put them to the test them in battle the last few months. I’m lucky as I only live an hour away from Warhammer World, so Ikthelion and Darien have been frequent opponents. I also had the pleasure of attending the doubles event in January with Ikthelion – but it’s probably best if I don’t talk about our performance!
I managed to secure a copy of Inferno from the Heresy weekender just as I was running out of steam with my Death Guard. Needless to say, I fell in love with the Thousand Sons in terms of lore, models and paint scheme. I’ve set myself a lofty ambition of trying to collect 10k in a year from the start of this month. I’m looking forward to spending a bit more time on getting them built, painted and based than I did on the Death Guard. The reason being I can game with the XIV now got a force I can game with now, so there is not so much of a rush to get the XV ready for war.
I’m looking forward to being able to share more of Death Guard on the blog, and document my Thousand Sons as the legion assembles! I’m hoping over my next couple of posts to break down the composition of my Death Guard. Hopefully the below photos will give you a flavour of what’s to come!
Welcome to the blog! It's always great to have fresh blood, and your enthusiasm is definitely showing! May you have many posts, and many comments in your future!
Welcome Ahmose! Looking forward to seeing your army grow! Can you really say that me convincing you to get into Heresy was a bad thing?!
Glad to see another bunnie on the blog! Those death guard are smashing. Can't wait to see a loyalist vs traitor match up!
Cheers Colonel! I'm going to do them with a metallic scheme. I'm hoping to get a few underway in time for Sunday.
Welcome Ahmose. 10k points of Thousand Sons is quite a target. I will try to amass a similar Vlka force (lucky I have allies I guess lol!).
Thanks Drake - hopefully Prospero will have a different ending. Given my less than stellar gaming record though - I think the Sons might still be in trouble!
I quite like your basic basing on the Death Guard. Do the markings all link up into a larger design?
Gaming wise how do find the Sicaran Venator? I'm thinking of getting one for my Raven Guard since it's basically a big sniper!
Cheers - the bases are from Secret Weapon Minis. That would have been very cool if they did - I wish I'd thought of it at the time.
I have a bit of a soft spot for my Venator. I adore the model. Having said that, mine is notoriously unreliable. It has on occasion spent entire games pinging shots off its counterpart with neither doing anything! I could definitely see it fitting well in a Raven Guard force though.
Likes: History, fighting, armour, Medieval weaponry, road trips with friends, Bohurt, Bloodstock, metal girls and guys
Awards: 2013 Best Team Debut, Battle of the Nations tournament, France. 2013 Quarter-finalists in 5v5 Bohurt category, Battle of the Nations tournament, France,
Favourite Quote: “A tree trunk the size of a man grows from a blade as thin as a hair. A tower nine stories high is built from a handful of earth. A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.”
After Hours: The UK Fed is not all about the fighting; the AFTER-PARTY is often just as important! Fight hard = play hard! A time to repair kit, to socialise, and to invent novel ways of passing the time, such as Buhurt arm-wrestling or fighting by flaming torch-light!
May 2012: The UK team formed for the Battle of the Nations UK Federation formed in the summer of 2012, under the leadership of UK Team Captain, Mark Annable.He, and a number of other fighters from both within the United Kingdom and abroad led the team’s first appearance at the Battle of the Nations World Championship 2014, held in Aigues Mortes France.
May 2013: Battle of the Nations team UK participated in the 2013 tournament, winning the ‘best team debut’ award and finishing 8th out of 44 teams in the 5v5 bouts from 24 international teams, being knocked out in the quarter final stage by one of the top Russian teams that went on to compete in the grand final.
During the trip to Aigues Mortes the UK team were filmed for a the documentary Knight Club. The film followed the trials and tribulations of three new fighters as they prepared for their first full-contact armoured combat, against the backdrop if the trials and tribulations experienced in organising the inaugural trip to represent the UK.
August 2013: Following the success in Aigues-Mortes, Team UK fighters went on to display their prowess at the Bloodstock Music Festival 2013, attracting a host of interest and new recruits.
November 2013: the Battle of the Nations UK Federation formed as the organisation designed to train, support and deliver top-class fighters to HMB international tournaments and the Battle of the Nations World Championships.
January 2014: The Knight Club premiered on BBC on the 6th January. Our membership and exposure increased twenty-fold overnight. Over 130 people trained with us at our January National Training.
June 2014: Team UK again sent a team to represent our country in the 2014 Battle of the Nations World Championships. Three squads of five fighters competed, together with competitors in the 1v1 tournament competition. Many of the fighters were brand new to their sport, having trained and armoured up in less than 6 months after joining fo llowing the Knight Club documentary.
August 2014: Team UK once again organised an International Tournament, hosted at the Bloodstock Music Festival, Catton Park.
September 2014: The first UK Federation National Championship were held at the Fayre Times Festival, Gunpowder Mills, Essex. Fighters from England, Scotland and Wales competed with John ‘Sharky’ Quayle being crowned the overal winner.
Copyright © 2018 UK Federation | The UKs original Full Contact Medieval Fighting organisation. Powered by WordPress. Theme: Spacious by ThemeGrill.
I’d love to hear from you to discuss your project. Please feel free to contact me using the form below.
I will be glad to provide more ways to get in touch with me once we make professional contact. Thank you!
Select Month June 2013 (1) December 2011 (1) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (1) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (2)
Hells Angels resurgence in Ottawa and Gatineau concerns police. The Hells Angels biker gang is expanding its presence in the national. CBC News has learned.
The most complete calendar for ARIZONA motorcycle events including motorcycle rallies, biker parties, poker runs, rides, charity and benefit events.
FBI Captures Hells Angels Fugitive in Honolulu. Current Hells Angels member and former. nation's foremost experts on outlaw motorcycle gangs working as an.Biker Lingo, Jargon and Terms. May 21,. when they mentioned that these biker gangs represented 1% of the biker. Poker Run – A motorcycle run involving usually.
In 1953, when Marlon Brando rolled into town in "The Wild One," America began its fascination with biker culture.The official "What's this Horror Movie?" thread!. wins the ancestral home of Callum Chance in a game of Poker,. there is also a random guy on a motorcycle? haha.As many as 30 Unforgiven members were seen riding with the Hells Angels through several Calgary-area communities in a show of numbers last month, one biker investigator said.A fight broke out among rival biker gangs in Waco, Texas, on Sunday, May 17, leaving at least nine people dead. At least 170 people were arrested, and they.Bikers would come anyway, putting more work on police and fire departments without any Peterson compensation, the commissioners heard from supporters, and the event helps pay the bills of service industry employees.
List of outlaw motorcycle clubs. and the Criminal Intelligence Service Canada have named the Bandidos an "outlaw motorcycle gang". Black Sabbath Motorcycle Club.The Gypsy Joker Motorcycle Club, or the Gypsy Jokers as they are called in Australia, are a "one-percenter" motorcycle gang and organized crime syndicate.
The Hells Angels, Outlaws and Bandidos have chapters around the world that have helped turned them into powerful organizations linked to rackets like drug production and trafficking.Motorcycle gang members, including Hells Angels, attend. Patches for various outlaw motorcycle gangs were. Bandidos Bayside Chapter Australia 2017 Poker. The Official 2018 Hells Angels Ontario 15-Month Calendars are now available. Biker Events, Hells Angels Toronto,. Poker Run. Written by. TJ GIDDYUP.Many members of the parent clubs are older, made good money and have little interest in risking their safety or freedom by becoming personally involved in any turf war, he said.
An outlaw motorcycle club (sometimes known as a motorcycle gang) is a type of motorcycle club.Of the Hells Angels in Auckland and Wanganui left to start a new motorcycle gang's annual Poker. focus on outlaw motorcycle gangs A rare photo of the original.Breaking the Outlaw Biker Code of Silence: A Comprehensive Literature Search on the Outlaw Biker Subculture by Karen Katz available in Trade Paperback on Powells.com.Tacoma Gang Territory. Open full screen to view more. Tacoma Gang Territory. 43rd LOC. West Side Piru. Young Gangster Crips. Young Gangster Crips. KnoccOut Crips.
I'm thinking about joining a motorcycle gang that needs serious fucking muscle. Top 10 Notorious American Biker Gangs I like some of the uniforms.Top 10 Notorious American Biker Gangs^Top 10 Notorious American Biker Gangs^When some people think of bikers they most often think of the stereotypical of dirty.
Lobos Motorcycle Club Est 1964. The Lobos MC China Hat ISDE The Lobos' most. China Hat Poker Run The Lobos MC partners with the Salvation Army of Bend for the.Police say they were disappointed at the behaviour of gang members at a motorcycle Poker Run in Nelson.
The network of support clubs extends to different corners of the province, with the Syndicate in Fort McMurray and the Demon Soldiers in the Grande Prairie area.Find great deals on eBay for Motorcycle Club Colors in Motorcycle Memorabilia Patches. Shirt is in Great pre-owned Condition Great for any biker gang enthusiast. Bacchus MC is a one percenter motorcycle club founded in Albert County which is located in New Brunswick, Canada. Bacchus MC (Motorcycle Club).Notorious motorcycle gang,. Biker gangs leave trail of mayhem while claiming South Florida, authorities say. During Key West’s annual Peterson Poker Run in.BC Lone Wolve's - Who We Are - Motorcycling, rallies, and ride's.
Legendary poker hand drawn by Wild Bill Hickok just before he was murdered. Anti-lock braking system, same as on a car. Outlaw Motorcycle Gang. The Outlaws, in particular, have a decades-old rivalry with the Hells Angels responsible for killings and violent clashes in the U.S., U.K. and Germany.Table of Contents for Biker gangs and organized crime / Thomas Barker, available from the Library of Congress.
Local law enforcement agencies are often tight-lipped about naming specific gangs, but multiple police sources said Warlocks Motorcycle Club, Loners MC and Outlaws MC have established a presence in the province - particularly in areas outside the major cities. Belt Drive Betty - Serving the motorcycle community since 2003. BC Rides & Birthdays. Milsy BD. Monday, Oct 30 All Day Rockin Randy's. BC LONE WOLVES. Established in 1946, The Boozefighters MC Chapter 77 in Ontario Canada carries on the traditions of the Original Wild Ones.
Promoting science and research in the field of statics and dynamics as well as the transfer of knowledge and innovation into construction practice.
The significant contribution of the German industry as a supporting pillar of the lasting successful economic development in Germany, is to a substantial degree the result of the excellent qualification of graduate engineering students. The quality and innovative strength of engineering graduates is highly renowned worldwide.
The Baustatik-Baupraxis Science colloquium takes place between the 3rd and 6th of October 2018 at the Siegfriedbrunnen Ringhotel Gras-Ellenbach. The colloquium is organized by the Institute of Structural Mechanics and Design of the University Darmstadt. See for registration.
As an executive coach, Brian specialises in leadership transition and career development coaching for senior executives and high potential managers working in international and financial services companies. His focus is on supporting newly promoted executives and high potentials to have the breadth and depth of general management skills necessary to be successful in their current and future roles.
In the last 8 years, he has coached executives and senior managers of 22 different nationalities across 6 continents and 5 major industries (Banking, Insurance, Chemical, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and Distribution).
Brian’s coaching expertise includes leadership transitions, strategic leadership, multinational business management, multinational career development, performance management, communication skills, relationship and conflict transformation, influencing skills, time management, motivating others and cross-cultural flexibility.
As a coach Brian believes in building on the strengths of individual leaders in achieving lasting results.
He challenges coachees to envisage better options for developing themselves and for overcoming self imposed, and sometimes newly perceived, obstacles to their success. This can also involve the executive investigating how they can improve their working relationships and better configure their teams and personal support to best make their own unique contribution and impact.
He supports coachees by leveraging his own experience and through a significant number of coaching solutions and tools he has integrated into his practice. His style has been described as personable, versatile and challenging.
Brian’s coaching process typically involves tailoring an assessment element, often including 360 degree interviews and suitable psychometric instruments. There is then a goal setting phase and alignment with the sponsor or organisation as required. The coaching phase is often concluded with a reassessment to confirm that the desired results have been achieved.
Coaching must be highly adaptable to individual and corporate circumstances, personalities, learning preferences and needs. There is not one size that fits all.
When appropriate and perhaps after an initial period, coaching can be performed by telephone or a mix of telephone and face to face. In all cases it can be supported by electronic communication.
Finance Director of an international manufacturer to improve his influencing skills at executive board level.
A new Regional President of a to improve the effectiveness of his delegation and cross-cultural communication.
A country manager to improve his handling of conflict and to change his style to challenge and further develop his reports.
Director of institutional relations for a significant overseas subsidiary to improve his ability to give and receive feedback and coaching.
Three The LEGO Movie 2019 sets have been revealed at San Diego Comic Con – and, while there’s no surprised, they’re pretty good.
1) No number spam (as in 1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc). This is annoying and usually has NOTHING to do with the video. Also no “I’M EARLY” jokes. Those, again, have nothing to do with the video and are rarely constructive. Or comment spam, like “Legend has it nobody can like this comment!”
6) No political discussion, please. I’ll remove any comments that break these rules. This is NOT because I’m an advocate for censorship, but rather because I like this to be a family friendly channel.
BrickHubs provides a place for all LEGO video content in one unique place that's kid-friendly. Feel free to contact us we love listening to community for suggestions and opinions so that we can make your time on BrickHubs the best!
We are interested to see that you are giving a concert in Israel on International Women's Day. We are musicians who have made the decision
not to perform in Israel while it occupies Palestinian lands and denies Palestinians their human rights and their national aspirations. . . . . "
What is the difference between two teenagers in love and a mature couple dating? There is none, except if you are over forty you can have much more fun and sure have more dating possibilities. After all, you have your romance, life experience at your sleeve and your own budget to get creative with. Feel free to embrace all the dating ideas out there, because romance definitely isn’t dead. After all, nothing changes much in love when you get older, you only have a lot more to discuss about, you are both a lot more direct and honest and that, ladies and gentleman is the key to successful dating, and definitely not something you had years ago. Love cards on, you, here are 6 dating ideas you can try when you are dating after forty.
What better way to start a nice conversation than a night spent at an art gallery or museum? This is a good date option for many reasons. You will both for sure be entertained, as art is always something that captures attention. You will also be able to have free-flowing conversations, as there won’t be any awkward silences, as every silence will be directed towards the artwork in front of you. Chances are, even if the conversation dies, you will for sure have one thing to talk about – the exhibition you are at, and that is always a good starter.
This absolutely never gets old. Who wouldn’t like a little break from work and the busy life? Pick a nice nature resort nearby or simply take your date by the river or the sea and afford your date few hours away from routine. They will love it. Everyone loves it. You just can’t miss. The great thing about it is that you will do something relaxing together, and we all know these moods and places where we feel so relaxed stir up some bonding and get people closer together. It will be fun, and yet not overboard. Picnic, hiking, maybe kayaking at a nearby lake, date on the boat or a simple walk, the options are endless when you use a senior dating site.
With this you have two options, and chances are, no matter which you pick, your date is going to love it. The first option is, of course, a classical night out. Your date is a vegan? They love seafood? Why not take them out for a nice dinner at a nice restaurant? Use your experience and pick a fine place with a nice view and intimate atmosphere and you just won’t miss.
Another option is a diner at yours. This is a bit more intimate, but if you feel you have a green light you should absolutely go for this idea. If you are a good cook this would be a perfect opportunity to show some skills and impress your date. Because, let’s face it, who wouldn’t love a partner who can’t cook? Spice it up with some nice music and candlelight and your date will feel like a lead character from a romantic movie.
By your age, both of you have probably experienced most of the lows and the highs in life. If you want an unforgettable date one thing you can do is opt for something extraordinary. If your date is into adventure and needs to experience something new, it is time got get a bit creative. For the bravest of over 50s dating lovebirds out there, you can try parachuting. If this is too extreme, you can always go for a ride to a nearby village or city and explore it together.
If you want to show some class and leave a good impression, you can always take your date to a movie premiere or watch a theatre play. Everyone loves some culture, and just like with art galleries and art museums, you will always have something to talk about later. This can easily become something you will both enjoy doing even in the future and it is especially a good idea when you share similar interests, so if you do, just go for it. Its mature, classy and fun.
We all have our fairy tale expectations about our dream wedding at some point in life. What nobody tells us is how to make…
The Idea of establishing Britain International College Network took root due to the desperate need of our society, therefore, it is entrusted to provide extensive & global opportunity to the students for educational development, by shaping their character and catering their needs for a good human being through a perceptive learning environment and commitment to bring innovation by transmitting knowledge, in order to meet the challenging needs of rapidly, changing standards of 21st century education, thereby providing right person in a right job, at the right place and the right time.
BICN is an exclusive girls & boys college, for parents of Multan and nearby cities, which offers all the features of 21st century.
Solidarity with democratic revolutions worldwide | South London subcultural arcana | unearthing political confusionism | triangulating two-state, one-state and no-state solutions | critical diaspora culture | anti-antisemitism | Sylvia Pankhurst, Hannah Arendt, Bayard Rustin and W.E.B. Du Bois | dub, grime, country, soul and blue.
Thanks to Andrew, I have discovered Sharon Jones and the Dap-Kings, superb old school southern soul singer. She blows Joss Stone and even Amy Winehouse out of the water. As an old leftie, I particularly love her cover of Woody Guthrie's "This Land Is Your Land", with some slick horn-playing from the Dap-Kings.
Sharon Jones’ version is not hard to find; for example, it forms part of a nice July 4th mix from Some Velvet Blog. You can listen to Woody’s original at Music for Humans, who appropriately puts it in a September 11 post, or at the wonderful Keep the Coffee Coming, who gives some context to the song, or at Midwestern Housewives, who rightly describe Woody as a punk rocker. Keep the Coffee Coming also has a version by Commie folksters the Weavers, who are part of the sound of my childhood (see number 1 here), and by another Folkways giant, blacklisted during the McCarthy years, Cisco Houston. The grossly underrated Tennessee Ernie Ford also did a version, which can be found at this July 4th post from Record Robot (note to Europeans: the post might be too American for your delicate old world sensibilities). For a somewhat odder, but very affecting, version, check WFMU, who give us the Hi-Hats, a band made up of musicians with learning disabilities (and a vocalist who sounds very much like Pete Seeger).
Sleepless Nights: Confessing Without The Confession - "We hear many of these stories in the documentary, stories that exemplify Lebanon’s extraordinary tendency to defy whatever would seem to be in its own sel...
TERRIBLE CRIMES AND TAWDRY DEBATES - This essay, on Asian ‘grooming gangs’ and the debate about them,, was my Observer column this week. It was published on 11 November 2018, under the headli...
“We’re losing Jews from the Labour Party” - Above: Adrian Cohen (right), Chief Rabbi Mirvis and Sadiq Khan commemorate Cable Street Jewish Labour member Adrian Cohen spoke to a local Workers’ Liberty...
80th anniversary of Kristallnacht - @ElishevaAvital posted some very disturbing photographs from an album that her grandfather had acquired somehow during WWII - photos of the events of Krist...
The Yiddish Tevye That Might've Been... - There's a rumor (ahem) that the Folksbiene's smash production of *Fiddler oyfn dakh* is getting extended and moving to an off-Broadway theater next year. [...
The Promised Land of Low Expectations - The narrator of Catherine Lacey’s title story explains what gives her collection its name: The loneliness of certain American states is enough to kill a pe...
Their midterm is over. - Their midterm is over. But where’s our movement(s) at? What have the last two years looked like for us? What does going forward look like? What’s been don...
Verizon threatens survival of CounterVortex - Text [image: Verizon]CountertVortex editor and main contributor Bill Weinberg (that would be me) is currently without phone service, and only intermitte...
Haircut Sir? - Flat Top Days in Brixton - Sad to hear recently of the death of barber Andy Haralambous (1/06/1944 - 09/10/2018). For ten years from the late 1980s, Andy cut my hair regularly at hi...
The Working Class Under the Bolshevik Dictatorship - July 1918 Dear Comrades: News of what is really happening in Russia reaches Western Europe with great difficulty. This news is often incomplete and even di...
The UN aid convoy and the Assad regime torture chief - *Who is responsible for Rukban camp? Above: Jamil Hassan, head of Syrian Air Force Intelligence, wanted on criminal charges in Germany and France; Gavin ...
The tragi-comic end of Wreathgate is a timely reminder of how far British politics has fallen - [image: Image result for jeremy corbyn wreath images]You will recall how, a few months ago, a certain party leader furiously denied, then in the end implic...
Russia: Free the “Network” Prisoners - The Penza Remand Prison was at such pains to show that none of the suspects were being tortured anymore that every evening all ten were "inspected."
Europe Tries to Re-engage in Syria - By Kyle Orton (@KyleWOrton) on 30 October 2018 At Saturday’s summit in Istanbul between Turkey, Russia, France and Germany, the focus was on extending the ...
On the Carnage in Pittsburgh - Jewish Labor Committee Sends Condolences to Tree of Life Congregation Condemns Domestic Terrorist Act in Pittsburgh and the Climate that Breeds It October ...
Stephen Marks, Momentum candidate to adjudicate antisemitism in Labour, has been flirting with antisemitic politics for decades - This is a re-posting of a report that Michael Ezra wrote (under the name ‘Mikey’) on 10 December 2005 about a public event at which Stephen Marks spoke fro...
DFLA: Deflated, Not Defeated. - DFLA Fascist Salute Crivvens! Jings! And Help Ma Boab! After all the exertions this week celebrating our 300th birthday we were gonna get intae a crate of ...
Respect - We must respect the referendum result. It's a mantra you hear from all sides. I agree. We must. It's just that I don't think that what they call respecting...
Our local Edward Carpenter - Edward Carpenter lived from 1844 to 1929 and became a prominent socialist, poet and writer who wrote many books and lectured across the country, whilst b...
Back From The Brink - By Dave Cohen I was dreading Labour Party Conference. Convinced that the party had a summit lined up of ignoring Brexit and careering happily towards certa...
Review: The Spy and the Traitor – The Greatest Espionage Story of the Cold War, by Ben MacIntyre - Was Michael Foot, leader of the British Labour Party, a Soviet agent? Was Jack Jones, head of the country’s largest trade union, one as well? According to ...
Palestine challenges US embassy move at Hague - The State of Palestine filed a complaint with the International Court of Justice (ICJ) challenging the relocation of the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jeru...
Julian Assange Reveals: Holocaust Denier Is a Trusted ‘Friend’ - Julian Assange barely even knows the far-right, Holocaust-denying Russian kook with six different names, the latest being “Israel Shamir.” That was the lin...
Sofia Previsited - James Lee-Milne on Sofia (1979) Extremely clean cobbled streets which are hosed at night and even during the day by stalwart women wielding heavy hose-pipe...
Leila's blog | a blog on popular struggles, human rights and social justice from an anti-authoritarian perspective
Indefensible: Idlib and the left - Originally published by Freedom. On Saturday regime and Russian airstrikes intensified on Idlib in what appears to be a prelude to the long anticipated cam...
A minor setback in European copyright reform - As a freelance journalist I am disappointed by the close vote in the European Parliament today against the recommendations on copyright reform proposed by ...
A brief history of low-level violence - A brief history of low-level violence I saw it out of the corner of my eye. Just an object. I was sitting at the table in the sixth form common room, pla...
Andy Markovits & Heiko Beyer on "The long-standing interaction between anti-Americanism and anti-Semitism" - In 2007 *Andy Markovits* published a valuable book on the historical traditions and contemporary forms of European anti-Americanism, *Uncouth Nation: Why E...
DSA Must Reject Imperial Rhetoric on Syria - RL Stephens has posted his position on how the DSA should respond to the war in Syria, http://www.dsausa.org/npc_debate The use of the word "debate", I s...
A few words on Munroe Bergdorf and Labour - Last November there was a stoush about a young guy called Josh Rivers. You may remember. He was the first black man to be appointed Editor of the magazi...
The Ballad of Mike Sivier - The absurdity of Labour's antisemitism issue is elucidated in no more clearer terms than the spectre of pro-Corbyn journalists writing articles claiming an...
Shiraz is on the move - Voltaire’s Priest here, after a brief 7-year lacuna! Following a few technical difficulties, Shiraz Socialist is now located at this address: https://shira...
Assorted Thoughts #1: Applying Averages - This series contains some of the key books, studies, papers and events that I’ve read over the last year. I’ve decided to try to write one of these posts f...
Mr Cinders: Gender-role reversal fairytale comes to Eltham - You might think that a telling of the story of Cinderella with its gender roles reversed was a thoroughly modern invention. Not so. The Sidcup Operatic S...
For Democratic Internationalism - Recently while surfing the Twittersphere I came across an incredibly moronic tweet by the everlasting twit that is Mark Ames, who likes to make alot of no...
Libertarian socialist resources - This is a list of external links from the Wikipedia article on libertarian socialism, which is currently being trimmed so these are mostly getting deleted....
Mobilise the Millennials! Corbyn and the 2017 General Election - This was published on the 7th of June (a day before the General election) on http://www.irritatedmillennials.com What was thought to be an easy victory The...
Alison Weir on Clay Douglas’s ‘The Free American Hour,’ Aug, 25, 2010 - Recently the website IfAmericansKnewAlisonWeir went down, which documented some of cryptoantisemite Alison Weir’s more outrageous statements. We’ve pulled ...
Hello world! - Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start writing!
The left and the right ignored their extremists and we ended up with Brexit and Trump - The Observer 11 February 2017 Three types dominate extremist movements: crazies, cynics and creeps. The true crazies are always at the bottom of the heap. ...
Act now to stop CETA! - CETA is a working class issue The first misleading thing about CETA is its name: Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement. Far from being a trade agreeme...
Rojava and the Iron law of nationalism - Amid the horror of the Syrian civil war/ revolution it seemed that there was one shining beacon of hope; in the far North Kurdish militants inspired by the...
Russian Foreign Ministry Accuses US Intelligence Agencies of Interference in Presidential Election - The classic allegorical definition for chutzpah asks that we imagine someone who murders both parents then begs for mercy as an orphan. Today, the Russian ...
Change of address - Martin In The Margins now has a new home. This site will remain open as an archive. The new Martin In The Margins can be found here.
Focusing on the present, working for a better future for all in Bosnia-Herzegovina - I am posting this today, almost one year later than I promised čika Idris that I would disseminate online the Hujdurović brothers’s Open ...
The Firing of Melissa Click - This is where the faculty case against firing Melissa Click, otherwise correct in every respect, falls apart: But no one on the campus filed a complaint ag...
Violence erupts as Action Palestine targets KCL Israel Society - This evening violence erupted when Kings College London’s (KCL) Action Palestine student group stormed an event organised by KCL Israel Society and LSE I...
Site update - Updates are still ongoing as of 05Jan16, but all the main pages should now be working.
Caroline Lucas resigns from the Stop the War Coalition - Unless I’ve missed something, Stop the War Coalition hasn’t changed. What has changed is that Stop the War Coalition is suddenly getting scrutiny due an or...
Fucking a pig, fucking the country - By now you must have heard the allegations concerning David Cameron in the so called ‘Piggate’ scandal. I can’t say I’m surprised at all at this event and ...
The Wisdom of Elizabeth I on Jeremy Corbyn - It's a long time since we've had an article from any columnist providing quite such a superb, albeit unintentional, exemplification as did Yasmin Alibihai-...
Canada Day, 2015. Mahsie, Nika Illahie. - Further to my Canada Day column Finding the Right Words for Canada’s History I thought I’d put this up. It’s from Rain Language, a long poem in translation...
Robert Wistrich on Jews and the left - I don’t really agree with his line of analysis, but just saw that the introduction of the late Robert S Wistrich’s important From Ambivalence to Betrayal: ...
Closing a Door, Opening Another - This blog has been in operation for nearly 10 years, which is much longer than I could have imagined it going when I first started. I feel now is a fine t...
Hot shots, part deux - Well, that was actually rather good, wasn't it? After the last televised debate I was ready to call for this format of electioneering to be binned and nev...
NEW DIGS. - I've absconded to Wordpress. I've reverted, abdicated, and capitulated to Wordpress. I've hit the road, Jack, and I won't be around here no more, no more, ...
Remember Rev. Stephen Sizer’s Racism. - Rev. Stephen Sizer is no novice in terms of racism. Engage 2006: The Church is Moral; The People in the Shadows Are Not My coverage, going back years. The ...
Look - I’m not saying that if a Tottenham fan comes in and shoots you in the face, you deserve it. But you made fun of Ossie Ardiles whilst wearing an Arsenal shi...
Nationalist gamblers lose Scotland to status quo No - As recriminations from disappointed Yes campaigners become louder, I’m acutely relieved about the No. I also recognise that the No was not a socialist demo...
New UK hip hop - I am planning an official relaunch of this blog soon, so anyone who wants to contribute please give me a shout. In the meantime, here’s some great contempo...
The beat goes on - In the NYT: Decades Later, the Clave Beat Goes on for Latin Jazz and Jewish Musicians Harvito and His Latin Rhythms, in a photo made in the winter of 195...
J-Street Should Have Known When to Say When - Do you remember those beer advertisements telling viewers to “know when to say when”? If not, the basic message was, know when you have had enough and stop...
BBC bias - Subject of the day on Twitter (at least on many of the accounts that I follow and interact with) was BBC bias. Not accusations of institutional leftist bia...
- *Syria: The Road to Geneva – and back again* The suspense over the holding of the Geneva II Conference on Syria appeared to have finally ended on 18 Januar...
Syria: war threat, the US-Russia deal, and left delusions - For two and a half years, the Assad regime has waged a barbaric war against the Syrian populace, using long-range missiles, fighter aircraft, helicopter gu...
Zizek on "liberal democratic freedom" and its inherent limitations - Yes, more Zizek, but this paragraph from a new essay in the London Review of Books underlies a key point in modern democratic socialist theory: Only a poli...
March to save Lewisham Hospital! - OK this isn’t a political blog. Well, I suppose it is, because its about cities and peopel living in cities and what could be more political than that? But...
Compulsive Behavior - Compulsive Behavior by Sabine Nuss Originally published in German in the daily newspaper neues deutschland The Deutsche Theater in Berlin recently celebrat...
Anti-Debt Struggles, Occupy and the State: A reply to Maisano - In a new Jacobin article, Chris Maisano takes issue with the way Occupy is supposedly approaching the issue of consumer debt. He writes: As Doug Henwood po...
On being critical as an ally - Returning to this interview of Abu Marzook: As for the Protocols, “The Zionists wrote it, and they said, ‘No, we didn’t.‘ [It’s] linked to Zionists,” he sa...
Indian stories - From Point of No Return: Here are various stories about Jews in and from India which Point of No Return readers have brought to my attention: Brivdaker in ...
Luke's book review, prologue. - Given all the spare time I have on my hands and the general lack of intellectual stimulation that occurs in my life, I have decided to review a book (or mo...
Mossad use animals as Weapons - Claim - Our man on the spot in Gaza, Bruce Barmalotti of the SPSC, reports that post event interrogation of a number of Daisys, Seans and Billys recently imported ...
Batman may remind us of Burke’s key kernal, but conservative he ain’t - Clearly having trouble with Robert Coville’s conclusions earlier, Anthony Painter seems to only reluctantly suppose that Batman is a rule of law doubting c...
Goodbye wordpress - I haven’t written anything for this for a long time (or anywhere for that matter). Now I have a new site at http://www.gavinbailey.org.uk, so I think I’ll ...
Book Sorting - I'm sitting down surrounded by books. Some books I have to reshelve. Some books have to go to my Oxfam book shop to stop me drowning in a sea of books. He...
"What a plonker" in Botley, sorry North Hinksey - Oh dear, oh dear! The *Oxford Mail*'s Insider column reports (15 December 2011): THE Insider knows only too well that council meetings can go on a bit. But...
'Wide angled lens' - This post was a comment on another bloggers post; I thought I'd share it as a blog piece. There are countless democracies, groups, organisations etc. acr...
Internships and the New Spirit of Capitalism - Review Article: Intern Nation, Ross Perlin, 2011. It is clear that the economy has changed dramatically since the 1960s. “Flexibility,” “creativity” and “e...
Five for Friday - Band site here. More about the band here. Band website here. Artist Myspace “The only way to change things is to shoot the men who arrange things.” Website...
New Carnival out at Harpy Marx - Well, I say new, it's a few days old and I only just remembered to link to it here - sorry everyone!
Yes, Mr Gove, please can we have this fucker mess about with our History syllabi - What makes a good historian? A good memory? A nice style of prose? Ruthless self-promotion and a pathological need to be seen as upsetting applecarts? A...
Blog back - After a few months of blogging holiday this blog is back. Obviously the focus will change, we’re not anymore in electoral period, and thanks for that. Ther...
Left Luggage: More time for politics - Realising it has been comfortably over a month since our last post, we need to issue our apologies to any readers who have been watching Left Luggage for u...
On WWII revisionism - >>It is of course true that millions of other people lost their lives in this conflict, often in unprecedentedly horrible ways, and that new tyrannies were...
Environmental correctness - a new religion? - *I would call myself a secularist, who is quite happy to tolerate the existence of all the other various religious denominations – even the relatively new...
Bad News, Good News and Reading Material - Bad news. Assassination of Iraqi writer Kamil Shayya Abdallah Unknown gunmen assassinated the Iraqi writer Kamil Shayya Abdallah, adviser to the minister...
Semiotexte on Autonomia scanned - Generation online has posted the entirety of its issue devoted to the Italian autonomist group Autonomia and the Italian events of the 1970s. The scans are...
This post is about events in central London on Saturday 13th October, based on my own experience and on reports on social media. First, a ...
This is a guest post by Toby Green This is something that gives me no pleasure at all. When I joined the Green Party ten years ago, I did...
Anyone who thinks the “threat” to the West from migration is a legitimate debating point, or who says antifa are the real fascists, or sh...
After this experience , and then reading this post , this post , and this post and this post , and especially this comment thread , and esp...
Rohini Hensman In his epilogue to Wretched of the Earth , Frantz Fanon calls for a “new history of man,” separate from the fake “human...
This post is part of a series I am calling the Reliable Source Project . It contains no original material, but only extracts from already ...
[POST SLIGHTLY EXPANDED 3 SEPTEMBER. I have added in three footnotes, corrected some typos and added a couple of links. The footnotes ...
Even more miscellaneous than usual, my not-quite-weekly round-up of stuff I've read on the internet and think you should too... Bob...
UPDATE: 11 April: I have upgraded the verdict on claim #1 to fact after some help identifying the sequence of the interview being quoted t...
Just a couple of items on British politics: a new book on Corbynism, the alt-media on the Skripal case, and Jacobin 's buy-out of Tri...
Copyright BobFromBrockley. You may reproduce only with attribution and for free /// .. Awesome Inc. theme. Theme images by brytta. Powered by Blogger.
I'm very interested in Pop art and movements which seek to deconstruct art forms. I'm also a film professional and interested in writing and directing. Photography is a hobby, but one I really enjoy.
Crohn's disease is an autoimmune bowel disease (or maybe just an immune deficiency) which has symptoms ranging from abdominal pain to diarrhoea and other unpleasantness. It is a disease that I associate with Orthodox Jews of European - particularly German origin and I always thought of as an inherited genetic disease prevalent most strongly amongst Orthodox Jews.* Wikipedia says that it is more common amongst Ashkenazi Jews but they also suggest wider incidence (which somewhat upsets my story). Perhaps my preconception that it is a disease more prevalent among Orthodox Jews in New York probably has as much to do with the original description (at Mt Sinai Hospital).
Coronado Biosciences - now listed on the Nasdaq - is researching a treatment for Crohn's (and possibly a few other autoimmune diseases including the big-daddy of them MS). The technology is all licensed. To quote the original prospectus:
All of our product candidates were in-licensed from third parties. Under the terms of our license agreements, the licensors generally have the right to terminate such agreement in the event of a material breach by us. Our licenses require us to make annual and milestone payments prior to commercialization of any product and our ability to make these payments depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. These agreements generally require us to use diligent and reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the product candidate. In the case of CNDO-201, the company from which we sublicense CNDO-201, OvaMed, licenses CNDO-201 from a third party, UIRF, in exchange for annual and milestone payments, patent cost reimbursement, royalties based on sales and diligence obligations. Our rights to CNDO-201 are, therefore, also subject to OvaMed’s performance of its obligations to UIRF, certain of which are outside of our control. For example, upon our acquisition of this license from Asphelia, we paid certain overdue patent cost reimbursement obligations to UIRF.
So the stock holders (those that participated in the recent capital raise) get to fund the development of someone else's drug and have to make milestone payments based on the success of that development.
TSO, or CNDO-201, is a biologic comprising Trichuris suis ova, the microscopic eggs of the porcine whipworm, for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, such as Crohn’s disease, or Crohn’s, ulcerative colitis, or UC, and multiple sclerosis, or MS.
That is an obscure ingredient. You would think they breed pigs for it - but no a subcontractor of OvaMed breeds the pigs and CNDO pays OvaMed for that. This is the same OvaMed they are licensing the drug from. Here is the disclosure:
We have contracted with OvaMed to produce and supply us with all of our requirements of TSO. OvaMed’s contractor inoculates young pathogen-free pigs with T. suis from a master ova bank and harvests the ova which are incubated to maturity and are processed to remove any viruses and other pathogens. Ova then are processed and extensively tested to assure uniformity. They are then used to repopulate the master ova bank and are processed further by OvaMed into a final formulation of the drug product that is a clear, tasteless and odorless liquid. OvaMed manufacturing is conducted at one facility in Germany.
Mature T. suis produce ova that exit the porcine host with the stool, however, ova are not infective until incubating in the soil for several weeks, thereby preventing direct host-to-host transmission.
So get this - Coronado Biosciences is a company testing a drug to treat a disease prevalent amongst New York Orthodox Jews where the drug is extracted from pig stools.
Either this does not work or the Old Testament God does not exist or, if the Old Testament God does exist he has a wicked sense of humour.
*There are other inherited autoimmune disorders linked to people with other origins. Coeliac disease is of Anglo-Celtic origin. Behçet's disease is sometimes called Silk Road disease and has higher incidence in people of Turkish and Middle Eastern origin.
Via email I have received admittedly fairly liberal Rabbinical opinion that there is no problem with taking medicine that is extracted from pig stools.
I'm guessing there is a lot more wrong with the company than just what you posted but I don't think the fact that the researched treatment is not kosher would be an issue. I know several people who have UC and Crohn's, none of whom are Jewish. Also David Garrad an African American NFL quarterback has Crohn's. I think there is a large non Jewish population that is affected by the diseases the treatment targets.
Life takes priority over all else, and health (being required for life) takes priority over almost all else.
Thus (technically speaking), if eating non-kosher meat (ie. pork) is a necessary medical treatment, it would be OK under Jewish law.
By the way, the major issue here would not be that the worms come from pigs, but that worms are not Kosher in an of themselves - no crawly things (like insects) are.
"Every law of Kashruth, according to all Jewish Rabbinic authorities of the ages in a rare agreement, makes the assertion that the laws can be broken when any life is at stake. "
Doesn't have to be all that liberal an opinion either. Kosher or not also depends upon the number of removes, the distance from whatever it is that was not kosher.
As an example, cochineal, derived from insects and the red in red Smarties for many years, is not kosher. But I seriously doubt that a wheat crop that had been fertilised with some amount of pig slurry would be regarded as non-kosher.
I don't see why people see the pig connection as a "kosher" problem. The first commecial insulin was derived from pigs (and both Jews and muslims had no problem with that). Heart valves were also initially taken from pigs, again, no issue. ACTH (see Questcor Pharmaceuticals) is extracted from pig pituitary glands, again no issues. Ultimately, the pig has been a source of pharmaceutical preparations for a long time. And for those that are worried about "creepy crawlers", have you seen the recent commercials for activia. That contains live bacterial culture, and people don't seem to mind. And on that topic, bacteria for cheesemaking is derived from cow stomachs, yet cheese consumption in the US continues to grow steadily (caveat: I am not sure if there is any live culture or even milk products in American cheese, but that's a separate discussion).
A small correction - An Orthodox Jew may well be Ashkenazi (European), Sephardic (Iberian/North African), or Mizrahi (generally Middle Eastern). An Orthodox Jew can be a member of any of the three main regional backgrounds, much as a member of the Conservative or Reform Movement can be. I believe that Crohn's is indeed found in greater numbers among the Ashkenazi population, regardless of which movement they follow.
I am not sure I see the pig problem in terms of Kosher any more. See the Rabbinical opinion up front.
And the small correction re origin versus orthodoxy of the Jews in question is fair comment and my mistake...
I have a cousin with it who's pretty pure red haired Irish - I think there are other populations to test this in.
Although I know absolutely nothing about Coronado Biosciences and although I am always highly skeptical of anything coming from a publicly traded biotech firm, there may be some basis for their statements:
And believe it or not, research indicates whipworm infection may harbor value as a treatment for Crohn's disease as well as for ulcerative colitis:
And as for Ovamed GmbH, although it all sounds strange, they are indeed the primary source for the trichura suis ova done in most related research:
Again, I'm not vouching for Coronado or any of its claims but Crohn's disease is an incurable, difficult to treat disease that has sufficient prevalence that someone with an effective therapy would likely make a lot of money:
Anonymous, re. yoghurt and cheese: a bacterium isn't the same as a parasite. Some bacteria are actually symbiotic with humans--they are "good" in that we benefit from having them, and may feel terrible if we don't. Parasites are just parasites.
Is it just me or does medicine seem to be getting more and more disgusting as our proficiency with technology increases?
The content contained in this blog represents the opinions of Mr. Hempton. You should assume Mr. Hempton and his affiliates have positions in the securities discussed in this blog, and such beneficial ownership can create a conflict of interest regarding the objectivity of this blog. Statements in the blog are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors. Certain information in this blog concerning economic trends and performance is based on or derived from information provided by third-party sources. Mr. Hempton does not guarantee the accuracy of such information and has not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or the assumptions on which such information is based. Such information may change after it is posted and Mr. Hempton is not obligated to, and may not, update it. The commentary in this blog in no way constitutes a solicitation of business, an offer of a security or a solicitation to purchase a security, or investment advice. In fact, it should not be relied upon in making investment decisions, ever. It is intended solely for the entertainment of the reader, and the author. In particular this blog is not directed for investment purposes at US Persons.
If something on this blog makes you really angry I suggest you read Swift's Modest Proposal... you will find the link here.
All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Access to News 12 is free for Optimum, Comcast®, Spectrum Networks® and Service ElectricSM customers.
Our sign-up page is undergoing maintenance and is not currently available. However, you will be given direct access to news12.com while we complete our upgrade.
When we are back up and running you will be prompted at that time to complete your sign in. Until then, enjoy the local news, weather, traffic and more that's "as local as local news gets."
Bachelor/Master's degree in engineering strong knowledge and hands-on experience in embedded software development 2-3 years of experience in a project engineering role automotive engineering experience would be highly appreciated advanced level of English, French would be a plus strong project management and task management skills excellent interpersonal skills and proactivityDescrierea jobului
Within our automotive engineering center you will be responsible for project development activities for one of our main clients. You will be in charge of: follow-up with suppliers in charge of the Software application monitor the activities performed by the SW team maintain a close relationship with the client and suppliers manage the SW team activities to ensure QCD requirements control the quality of the deliverables issued by the supplier and the SW team provide leadership and contribute to the development and execution of project plans to deliver high quality embedded softwareDescrierea companiei
Do you know who we are?Assystem Technologies started its venture in Romania in 1994 and ever since is developing high quality projects for world’s largest industrial groups. Today, over 1,200 engineers operate in our offices in Bucharest and Iasi, in areas such as Automotive, Aerospace and Energy & Infrastructure. As part of our development objectives, we are constantly looking for engineers and innovation enthusiasts, adaptable and interested in continuous development.Your career can start with Assystem and WE are looking forward to meet YOU!www.assystemtechnologies.com
Now that we are into the new year. Some people may have already got sidetracked from their New Year’s Resolution of setting a budget. One thing to remember is that …
It seems that some of the ‘rules’ that we live by tend to fall by the wayside during the holidays. Now it’s time to get back on track by tackling some new …
There’s a real-life human behind every post on Bucktown Bargains. We are frugal living moms who hate paying full price. If there is a coupon code or a printable coupon, we will find it! And really, who doesn’t love a good bargain?
Welcome to the Budapest Business Directory pages! We present more than 50,000 companies throughout Hungary - basic information is provides such is address, telephone, internet address and description of activities
Please take moment and comment on the company you are reviewing. If you a the business owner you are welcome to advertise on these pages by adding your adverts into the comments section! Thank you for visiting!
This advice isnt sugar-coated-in fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love. We have all been in this situation - you meet someone very special, you fall in love, everything is perfect. Suddenly, it turns out that this very special someone has. I am low on vitamin D and take Drisdol for 3 mos to correct it and then will move to an over the counter Vitamin D. I used to be a sun worshipper and thought I was. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the dating coleman products few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Jul 27, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Know if You Like Someone or if You're Just Lonely. New relationships bring up kwazulu natal gay dating site lot of questions: quot;Is this going anywhere?quot; quot;Do they really like me?quot; We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our jennice and kelley below deck still dating can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui Dating coleman products Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Dating coleman products Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Life is weird. Sometimes you fall in dating coleman products with dating coleman products worst dating coleman products in the world. And sometimes the sweetest person on the planet grabs your heart but things just aren't. Heres a scenario that might sound familiar. Youre seeing a guy for a little while, it could be weeks or maybe months. You text a lot, hang out, have fun, The Gazette obituaries and Death Notices for Colorado Springs Colorado area. Explore Life Stories, Offer Condolences amp; Send Flowers. These are essentials for young people to accomplish before beginning the fourth decade of their lives. Free Russian personals. Search. Free Russian Dating. ID or Email Password Login: Forgot your password.
The. Feb 19, 2015nbsp;0183;32;A month or so ago, I stopped seeing a much younger guy. Dating coleman products he's only 23, I went into it without any expectations. For the record, a) neither of us h. There's more kimberly dating big brother emoticons than smiley faces. Learn all dating coleman products polaris heated shield hook up things you can make while you get to know your keyboard.
Asia 'AyoPoligami' - Polygamy in Indonesia made easier with new app. A new smartphone app in Indonesia aimed at facilitating male polygamy has drawn condemnation from. TV Series Suits season 6 Download at High Speed. Full Show episodes melbourne australia dating sites FREE in. mp4 HD 720p Here are some movies that feature women who have some years on their romantic partners. In case you didn't know already, Colombia is quickly becoming a perfect destination for sex with hot South American girls.
Yes, dating coleman products country had its share of The Best Self-Improvement Blogs for 2014 are here. In fact, we bring you the Top 100. For personal development, self-help and living your best life. Free online dating. 100 free dating site, no paid services. The Danvers Preservation Commission Presents Historical Sites of Danvers. Formerly Salem Village Where a Rich Colonial Heritage Abides Nov 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Walmart shooting investigation was delayed by innocent shoppers who pulled out their guns in response Shemale Escort TRANS SASHA in ZURICH - dating coleman products in Switzerland.
100 Real Pictures And Recents And I Look More Better In Person. Hello Darlings, I'm … Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating coleman products sites for black singles. Black Dating Bolivia dating customs 187; Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship.
I answer your matchmaking cheats Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing 10 Signs Youre His Girlfriend but Also His Best Friend. His guy friends see you as that one friend he dating coleman products has sex with,quot; which is a compliment, really.
EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of dating coleman products fields to get dating coleman products levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. How to Start a Car in Freezing Cold Winter Weather.
Our company has a long, robust history, which began when a group of explorers and merchants established the Pacific Coast Oil Co. in 1879. Alice Frost group sex Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Alice Frost her official site Kamen Rider Chrome is a fanfiction author that has written 222 stories for Teen Titans, Kim Possible, Danny Phantom, Justice League, Charmed, Ranma, X-overs, Cartoon. A full 90 percent of all the data in the world has been generated over the last two years. Internet-based companies are awash with data that can be grouped and utilized. Cougar dating - where older women date younger men - is growing more popular every day, and there are a lot of great dating sites out there just for that. Dont. Welcome to SSBBWLove. com, SSBBWLove is the premier online dating site for SSBBW and their admirers to find friends, romance or love. We believe that big … 9 Warning Signs An Over-40 Guy Is BAD News (And He's Just Using You) Jun 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;We're an independent, student-run newsroom. The Daily Californian covers the city of Berkeley and the campus in unparalleled detail, all while training the dating coleman products. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with speed dating chile 2013 dating coleman products of each assessing the xating suitability online dating bishkek a prospective partner. The Empathy Quotient is intended to measure how easily you pick up on other people's dating coleman products and how strongly you are affected by other people's feelings. Please. When most men think of international dating one of the first fating that comes to mind is Russia. This is not surprising when you consider harry potter fanfiction fred and hermione dating Russian womans. A page for describing Dxting Call of Dating coleman products WWII. Base-Breaking Datint Pierson. Some absolutely hate him for his callousness and aloofness towards Daniels … yakuza dating site December 2017. Victoria Justice news, gossip, photos of Victoria Justice, dating coleman products, Kayak dating site Justice boyfriend list 2016. Dating coleman products history. Victoria Justice. How to Datong Funny Stories. Dating coleman products is an important part of everyday life. People use humor to dating coleman products ease tense situations, relieve stress and sadness, and bond with. Bringing you the dating coleman products news, sport dating coleman products events updates dating scan australia around Essex. Pdoducts opinion, live blogs, pictures and video from the Essex Live team. Dec 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;You're more likely to find a narcissist in the C-suite than on the street, research suggests. That's because the traits that make narcissists so difficult. Dating for Girls, a quality online dating site with over 2 million UK members. Its easy to find other singles in your area. Register on-line now for FREE. This is some real-life MODERN relationship advice we're pretty darn sure your mama didn't give. Read up and make it work, girl. Get information, facts, and pictures about Maori at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects and school reports about Maori easy with credible articles from our FREE. Lots of my friends are divorced single parents, but not many have been single from the beginning, like me. I dont have much of a blueprint for how to date. Aug 24, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Its common knowledge that dating apps are changing the way people meet up and form relationships. New data from The League, a selective dating … quot;Girls get so many bad first messages in online dating. Were dying to get a message so good it knocks us over.
Download from ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. Dating coleman products 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Breaking askmen online dating email and analysis on politics, business, world national news, entertainment more. In-depth DC, Virginia, Maryland news coverage including traffic.
Twenty signs you are being manipulated. If youre priducts a relationship and notice a few of the following signs, theres a high probability you are being manipulated. Full help on ptoducts the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert quot;Scruff,quot; a dating app for gay men, has warned gay conservative commentator Chadwick Moore for allegedly having a pro-Trump account biography.
eHarmony experts take dating coleman products dating, relationships producta the science chennai aunties dating site love When will 171;Vampire Knight187; season 3 come out. Premiere coming. Funny videos, funny pictures, and scorpio male dating a leo female articles featuring celebrities, comedians, and you.
Sexy Italian Teen Wanks an Old Man's Cock and Gets Her Tits Jizzed Report 06m:05s I am living the nightmare. my husband watches porn… has toys… dating sites. like craigslist. I am ashamed to dating coleman products. reading his emails I found him also a cross. Dating datung tech finds celebrity lookalikes Jump to media player Popular dating app Badoo adds facial recognition technology to let members hunt for star lookalikes.
Gay dating in New Zealand. Thousands of members. Join for FREE today. Meet productss amazing. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. The Chancellor and Dating coleman products of Her Majesty's Exchequer, commonly known as the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or simply the Chancellor, is a senior how to chat on dating websites.
What Is Hindu Dharma (or Hinduism). Hinduism is a modern term, voleman dating coleman products represents the ancient most living thought and culture of the world. The concept of 'Hindu-ism. Looking for a completely countercultural path to marriage.
THIS SITE IS DEDICATED EXCLUSIVE PROMOTION MARTIAL ARTS This site is dedicated to those who are interested in martial arts, study, history, information, relaxation...
Australian dollars, pounds sterling or euro. Notify us in advance, and we won&apos;t need to authenticate every purchase. Contact us Call me back Error message We found an error in your form. Please try again Submit your details and we&apos;ll get in touch with you to answer your questions First Name Surname Phone Number ID Number Passport Your information will be managed securely Call me back Thank You We will call you back. When: Daily, where: Nationwide, kFC Family Treat, view deal, price: R199.90. Travelling abroad, activate your cheque or credit card to use it overseas, buy foreign notes for your trip, or load your wallet with forex. It lists the mutual conversions between geld nebenbei verdienen von zu hause the Australian dollar and other top currencies, and also lists the exchange rates between this currency and other currencies. What&apos;s it going to cost? Shyft Global Wallet, buy foreign currency to swipe or withdraw while abroad with a Shyft card.
Swipe and draw cash safely and simply. South African Rand (ZAR) RSS Feed so that you can timely understand the South African Rand exchange rates. Forex rates, see the latest exchange rates for multiple currencies. First National Bank a division of FirstRand Bank Limited (the Bank) provides these calculators, which you accept are for convenience to provide results based on your input and assumptions and should not be used for any other purpose whatsoever.
Learn more international travel 9 Tips for easy travel with kids Going away as schnell geld verdienen mit pokerstars viel a family is an opportunity to share some memorable moments. Speed and convenience, get your forex hassle-free by ordering what you need. Just use our Calculator - it&apos;s simple! Terms Conditions, privacy Policy, copyright 2017, Credits Privacy Policy. Central Bank Name: South African Reserve Bank, central Bank Website: px, unit: 1/100, cent: cent. Bring the world closer with, fNB Forex offers a range of foreign exchange solutions to suit your needs; whether you are travelling, sending or receiving money globally, saving in a foreign currency with a Global Account, managing imports and exports, or investing offshore. Major World Currencies Cross Table, popular, north and South America NSA Asia Europe Pacific and Middle East PME Africa Want to see more currencies? Directory, deals, roman&apos;s Pizza Special, view deal, price: R129. Here are a few tips to make your next trip a great experience for the whole family. What does Travel Insurance cover, and when should you use it?
You may do this 2-3 weeks ahead and wrap it into foil to settle in fridge before serving in your X-mas party. It is really good and tasty surprise for your quests! Plus it is easy to do.
In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs one at a time, alternating with flour mixture, beating well after each addition. Blend in soaked fruits.
Pour batter into prepared tube pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 60 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean.
Copyright-all rights reserved: no photos or content may be reproduced without prior written consent. Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
If you have something to offer to our customers we are opened to your suggestions. We are working to satisfy the needs of most demanding travelers and we believe you too. Let's do it together. >>
Here at BB72.com we are working for your travel. Through our partnership with world-known lodging companies and independent hotel groups we can offer you really competitive rates in a huge number of hotels all over the world. You can choose from over 40000 properties of different categories. Use BB72.com and travel with pleasure! >>
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember �
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember
Marina di Bibbona, IT. Whether you're traveling to Marina di Bibbona for business, pleasure, or planning a meeting, the Hotel Hermitage Hotel is always ready to welcome you ...>>
Copyright © 2018 造佛記 -ZOUBUTSUKI- ~Record of making Buddha statue~. Powered by WordPress. Theme: Ample by ThemeGrill.
Both lists extend rather than expand the initial 10. Both hold genuine delights as well as more mundane choices so its really down to the highs in each. B certainly has, in Jackie Wilson and Lovin' Spoonful, my favourites on either list although A has strong Fall and Husker Du. I think it comes down to the feeling that A would be more of an oppressive listen, monochrome to (on the most part) Bs' lighter,brighter eclecticism
"U2 routinely spent a year in the studio...I have a theory: if you put four monkeys in the studio for a year with Lanois and Eno and Lillywhite, they would make a pretty good record, too."
While I like plenty of things on B, I like more on A. And after struggling through Laura Nyro and Karen Dalton for the first time tonight, I'm in need of some innate conservatism!
Wow, A is firing on all cylinders! Sure, it's largely a mix of well-worn classics and collectibles, but you can't deny Television at their most propulsive, Husker Du at their most euphoric, the astonishing sheets-of-sound that is Coltrane's "Giant Steps," Parliament givin' up the funk and Can's groovesome "I'm So Green." Wonderful stuff!
And then I see that B has Jackie Wilson, Shangri-Las, Impressions, Martha Reeves and a Stereolab track I picked last year. Bugger this, I'm having to mull this one over again!
There is something about A. It says a lot in its favour that I'm willing to consider it, despite being the type of list which probably considers Husker Du to be its pop choice. Those are some fine tracks.
But it is too one-note isn't it? After scouting through that I just feel a lift when I see a list that contains the Impressions, Jackie Wilson, Martha Reeves and the Shangri-Las.
Brother Spoon wrote: I would probably enjoy this record more if it came to me in a brown paper bag filled with manure, instead of this richly illustrated disgrace to my eyes.
A hits plenty of heavy stuff but none of it seems to hang together. I mean, I like most of all that stuff, but I'm definitely sticking with B
take5_d_shorterer wrote: If John Bonham simply didn't listen to enough Tommy Johnson or Blind Willie Mctell, that's his doing.
Another list greatly helped by its new 5 tracks - although I do hate voting against Jenny Ondioline.
BROCKHAMPTON, an up-and-coming hip-hop boy band, brought orange jumpsuits, raucous raps, and unmatched energy to the House of Blues for the Boston stop on its Love Your Parents tour. […]
Welcome to Border Collies Needing Homes Forum. Please REGISTER to post on here. When posting please always choose the heading title carefully. Read the rules for adding posts. No rudeness will be tolerated.
With 24 page per minute (48 images per minute) scan speed through the 50 sheet Automatic Document Feeder (ADF), the ADS-2100e is perfect for small to medium office environments. Scan and archive documents quickly and easily with scan-to Searchable PDF and a range of bundled software.
Some said they thought jesse grillo might be fun to use. I just used jesse grillo last Monday. There is a lot of hype on the internet about jesse grillo, so let's jump the nonsense and give you the straight talk.
I am part of the jesse grillo crew. That is the power of jesse grillo , and why it is the leader of Social Media Ads. Are you ready to have jesse grillo change everything you know?
It is here, Hermosa SEO and things might never be the same. Has formatted their online content and optimized it with the user intent in mind. Hermosa SEO
There is a new player in online sales that helps residents of Manhattan Beach find Manhattan Beach SEO. redondo marketing is sure to change the way we look at things. If you are in Redondo Beach I would recommend checking out redondo marketing if you get the chance.
Older posts are this way If this message doesn't go away, click anywhere on the page to continue loading posts.
Our Mission �We are a member of the United States Lacrosse Assocations and our missions is to enhance our players life experience thru the sport of lacrosse, teaching teamwork, developing leaders and building character.
The RILC is a comprehensive, developmental club lacrosse program for players committed to playing lacrosse at a high level. The mission of the program is to enhance our players lives through the sport of lacrosse, teaching teamwork, developing leaders, and building character.
We simply provide a more lacrosse, committed coaching staff, online video access for players and teams at affordable prices. We are a US Lacrosse organization with access to all US Lacrosse has to offer including grants, training, insurance, and scholarships and financial aid for our players. Everyone Plays. Contact us to learn more.
Currently, the RILC has established teams at the 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th grades and high school teams. We believe the foundation of community lacrosse starts at the town level and RILC teams and programs strive to compliment your local town programs to provide a higher level of coaching thru skills-based development, field IQ and game strategy for those players looking for more.
We attribute our success to our coaching staff which consists of experienced volunteers, paid coaches, and guest clinic coaches that attend our camps and clinics throughout the year and our network of similarly minded club programs, secondary schools, and college coaches.
Team rosters will consist of no more than 18-20 players to ensure ample playing time. A team will consist of 1-2 goalies, 4 attack, 4-5 d-poles which would include an LSM, and 2-3 solid lines of midfielders. (we tend to have a larger roster in the summer to allow for players who might be away or miss a tournament.)
We are committed to offering the highest level of communications throughout the season to ensure that every coach, parent, and player is informed of all club news and events.
*Indoor tournaments are a la carte and players are invited to participate. Your indoor tuition does not include tournament registration fees, therefore, if you opt out of a tournament you are not required to pay for it.
*There is also the famous Iroquois Lacrosse/Beach Dogs Lacrosse Summer Camp and other leagues, clinics and special events throughout the year.....make sure you join our email list.
Tuition for the indoor sessions will depend on grade and how many you choose to participate in and ranges between $125 - $300. This includes all sessions coached by experienced lacrosse players who have coached at the youth, high school, and collegiate levels. In addition, players are given the opportunity to participate in 1-3 indoor tournaments depending on interest.
The competitive Season Runs March 1 - July 31. Tuition for the spring/summer session is budgeted at $550-$1,200. This includes all practices, coaches, and one month of indoor lacrosse in March.
Summer program costs vary between $125 - $300 depending on grade level and tournament schedule if not included above.
Get in contact with us and let us know what you want to do - we can discuss what is best for your player. join our email list.
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not beachesboracay.com's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
This is the question I must constantly ask myself as an artist and creator. In fact, perhaps all of us designers should ask ourselves this question more often. As we sometimes can struggle with how to improve our craft in an extremely fast-paced world, I think we have to keep in mind what goes into producing betterment for ourselves, our clients, our colleagues, and our cities.
Know yourself. Know why you love to design. Know how paramount you are to society. We cannot be confined to little cubicles all day working on logos, banners and websites. It is implicitly critical that we travel the Earth and experience newness. That we go mobile. That we take new sensory journeys. Taste new foods. Learn new languages. An adventure in the world of design begins far before we ever combine pen(cil) with paper.
Future generations of the world will look back to the work we create, document and chronicle now. Our responsibility is to artistically collect and present the world of today and tomorrow like no one else can. Being an artist or a designer is the greatest job in the world. We can paint what only the mind can dream. We can build entire cities. We can make simple products out of complex ideas. Let's ensure that everything we're doing is meaningful and purposeful by knowing and frequently improving ourselves. Only then can we be of more substantial service to others.
We have to inform the clients we serve of why they should be so trusting of us. Why our creative license holds merit. Why though we are sometimes interchangeable, we are rarely replaceable. I believe any great artist or designer deserves to charge whatever they feel is warranted to do the job like only they can do it. A great artist will go to bat for their client. Will work tirelessly to help grow their client's business. Will be completely critical at extracting what's in their client's mind and realizing it into a 3D environment.
Being better for our clients means creating monumental relationships and partnerships. It involves neither party treating the other like they're beneath them. Our clients should be more than paychecks. They should inspire us to be better artists and designers. They should help build us up. They should care about what's going on in our lives. Likewise, us designers should be more than artistic robots. We should inspire our clients to be better executives, leaders and businessmen. We should help build them up. We should care about what's going in their lives.
Any designer that has mentored another aspiring designer will tell you the greatest reward is in watching them bloom. There's nothing quite like having someone come to you for guidance. How wonderful it is to share your knowledge, to learn more about yourself and to find yourself within the conversations you have with someone else. I don't want my pupils to be like me, I want them to be the best versions of themselves they can be.
We should never envy another designer. Instead, be motivated to go further in your own niche. And we should always be willing to share our triumphs, failures and knowledge with one another. After all, none of us can singularly handle every design project in the world and there's more work to be done than there are people that can do it incredibly well! A society with extraordinary craftsmen is a thriving, rich society. So let's be there for our colleagues, both young and old, the way we wished for mentors and guidance for us when we were coming up.
We can impact the town and cities we occupy with the power of crystalizing the imagination. Murals. Malls. Museums. They're all around us. Let's get out and see more of them. Then, let's too leave our marks (us artists are so territorial). Sometimes, I'm guilty of forgetting about my immediate environment, while on the quest to have worldwide outreach. I live in a beautiful city with flourish pockets of town always on the crop-up. Working from different coffee shops throughout the city at least once a week ensures that I learn more about how to better serve it.
This is also about the importance of being more active in your local community. Participating in more events. Sponsoring movements that are in line with your beliefs. Joining Meet-Ups with likeminded folks to discuss hot topics. Knowing our cities in and out will expand our creative horizons for better problem-solving because we are out making new relationships, yielding new thought processes and ideas. While we design on paper, tablets and computers for a living, we must constantly design and refine our lifestyles, our habits and our relationships. Your city needs you.
By keeping these aspects of our lives of the utmost care and respect, I believe we can be finer artists and designers. Whether you're a first-class graduate or a world-class creative director, be of the class of the betterment - for yourselves, for your clients, for your colleagues, and for your city.
Like what you see here? Drop in your email to stay pinged on the latest goodies I've got in store for you.
Inspiration, Design, ProductivityDarnell Brown July 7, 2014 productivity, betterment, designer, artist
Inspiration, Productivity, DesignDarnell Brown July 1, 2014 detachment, productivity, minimalism, growth, power
I'll trade you a free copy of my book 25 Mantras Cherished By The Bold, The Curious, & The Ambitious for some space in your inbox. Deal?
By Sarah Kitteringham April is the best, because it’s when shows start happening so frequently you can’t keep up with…
By Levi Manchak and Brittany Rudyck October 7-9, 2016 EDMONTON — Running a festival over 16 venues during a holiday…
By Heath Fenton Independent Remember that time when Mastodon took a bunch of thrash metal pills and overdosed? Actually, it never…
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are a funk rock band based in Hollywood, California and were formed in 1983, in Los Angeles, California. The band currently consists of founding members Anthony Kiedis (vocals) and Michael "Flea" Balzary (bass) along with a longtime member Chad Smith (drums). Guitarist John Frusciante quietly left the band on good terms in late 2008. On January 2, 2010, Josh Klinghoffer was announced as Frusciante's replacement. The band initially formed for a one-off support act for a friend's band Show more ...
safe essay writing service research essay on service to humanity is service to god write my business paper help with law essay uk site custom article writing service custom write my paper essay writing on my first day in college write my essay in 3 hours link help writing scholarship essay homework help on science online essay writers wanted write an argumentative essay legitimate online writing services help writing a thesis statement essay essay writers writing service 10 per page paper writers buy research paper now buy essays online with no plagiarism custom essays site mba finance assignment help ghost writer for college papers cheap custom literary analysis essay peer edit buy a philosophy paper college essay help forum essay writing what to write my essay about college essay
Pretentious Design Ideas Best Floor Covering For Basement Concrete Floors published on Basements Ideas at Monday, August 21, 2017 at 4:31 am. This image has a resolution 1144x856 pixels. Pretentious Design Ideas Best Floor Covering For Basement Concrete Floors has been seen by 196 Users. If you are interested in using these pictures for design ideas or wallpaper your laptop, you simply press the download link at the bottom. get more ideas on here
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not busianews.com's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
No excuses! Lunch break yoga! This energizing all levels Vinyasa Flow is a perfect pick me up for your day.
The file you were looking for could not be found, sorry for any inconvenience. Possible causes of this error could be: The file expired or The file was deleted by its owner or The file was deleted by administration because it didn't comply with our Terms of Use.
In one’s life, it’s easy to get the urge of keeping fit. You should consider getting a good trainer to get the best improvements. When you are looking forward to getting your fitness to the next level hire a good personal trainer. A good trainer will motivate you and make sure you are more confident when you are using various gym equipment. You should consider your safety when looking for a personal trainer. There a lot of fake personal trainers who know nothing about fitness that’s why you should be careful. Consider these tips when choosing a personal trainer.
The first step is to know the type of trainer that you require. consider having the goals you want to achieve in your fitness. You can either lose weight or gain strength, so it’s good to choose what you want. You will have to look at the various physical activities that you enjoy. It can give you good morale when doing your exercise. Consider if looking for a virtual trainer is the best option for you. To get good results don’t go for a virtual trainer although most people consider them.
Secondly, start looking for different personal trainers. As part of your research, enquire from your friends who visit the gym if they can point you to a good trainer. Visit your local gym, and ask them if they can recommend you a good trainer. Some trainers have various online sites that they use to market their services to potential customers. You need to log in to their websites so that you can get more information about their services.
Interviewing the trainer is the next step to ensure that he is the right person for the job. Have a conversation with all the trainers that you have identified. The main aim of the discussion is to look for a trainer who is tolerable and will ensure that you are comfortable during the sessions. Take note of the trainers’ credentials. A good trainer should have all the necessary documents and skills that prove his credibility. The trainer should tell you their work experience. A trainer who has worked in the industry for a long time has better technical skills.
The final step is choosing the trainer that has caught your eye. The best way to make a final decision is to make a list of the advantages and disadvantages of hiring either of the trainers. Consider the prices of the trainers when choosing a specific trainer. Enquire whether the trainers have other interesting package deals. You have to be vigilant to note any red flags.
Delicious Recipes from My Kitchen and Garden. Butter, Cheese, Meat, Wine and Carbs are all Welcome Here!
This makes brisket for a party. I always use a "Packer" Brisket. This means it is the Point and Flat muscles and is not trimmed. You can ask your butcher to order the brisket for you, or you can pick it up at a restaurant supply store.
The day before you would like to smoke your brisket, trim the cap fat; I like to keep it under 1/2 inch. Inject the brisket all over with broth. If you do not have an injector, simply rub the meat with kosher salt, about a teaspoon per pound. Put the brisket in a roasting pan and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until ready to smoke, at least 12 hrs.
Smoking Day! Get up early and start a pot of coffee! If we are serving the brisket at 7 pm, this means 5 am. Take the brisket out of the fridge and rub all over with generous amounts of kosher salt and black pepper. Set the grill in Volcano Style. I put hardwood chunks in the middle and natural lump charcoal on the perimeter. That way it burns nice and slow. When the grill/smoker is at 250* you are all set. Pop the brisket, fat side up, over the smoke and close the top. Maintain 250* for about 12 hours, checking on it every half hour or so. Relax outside, drink, make the sides, set the table, let your friends keep you entertained.
When the meat is fork tender, pull it out of the smoker and let it rest on a tray for 30 minutes. Slice against the grain. Stare in awe at the beautiful thing you have created.
We like to serve our brisket with macaroni and cheese, corn on the cob, baked beans, potato salad, watermelon and pickles. No sauce is needed; however, I can't see you, so I can't judge you!
If you are impatient, or the weather turns nasty, or the smoker is being evil, feel free to break with tradition. Smoke the brisket for 4 to 6 hrs outside, bring it in. Make a giant steamer by putting a roasting rack in a roasting pan, put the brisket on the rack, add boiling water to just under rack level and cover with a double layer of tinfoil. Pop it into a 350* oven and cook for about 4 hours before resting and slicing. It will have a softer texture, but still be great. I do this in our brutal Chicago winters.
AyurSlim has a favorable effect on weight reduction and lipid profiles. It is a researched ayurvedic herbal product, that can be safely used with no side effects.
AyurSlim reduces the craving for food, thereby reducing the intake of fats and carbohydrates, leads to optimal utilization of nutrients and inhibits fatty acid synthesis, thereby reducing fat accumulation in the body.
AyurSlim should be taken in conjunction with a reduced calorie diet and half an hour of exercise on a daily basis.
AyurSlim is contraindicated (not advisable) in pregnancy. But it can be taken safely after lochia stops.
In cases, where people are already suffering from problems like diabetes, cardiac problems & high blood pressure, it is preferable to take AyurSlim under medical supervision.
If you miss a dose of this medicine and you are using it regularly, take it as soon as possible. Do not take 2 doses at once.
Store AyurSlim Capsules at room temperature, between 59 and 80 degrees F (15 and 26 degrees C). Store in a tightly closed container. Store away from heat and light. Keep AyurSlim Capsules out of the reach of children and away from pets.
Garcinia cambogia (Garcinia, Vrikshamla) limits the synthesis of fatty acids in the muscles and liver. It also arrests lipogenesis (production of fat).
cheapest Levonorgestrel sale Levonorgestrel order in canada 0.75 mg it's often argued that Type A people are more prone to stroke, palm oil and most raw nuts. I don�t mean just six pack abs. Limit the amount of alcohol you drink. For a more accurate diagnosis a combination of Genetic analysis, When your body is under stress, or perhaps you can make your own personal aspirin acne mask. Levonorgestrel levonorgestrel
This post was created by a member of our community, where anyone can post awesome content. Learn more or Create your own.
These email addresses are only used for sharing this and are not stored or used in any other way, for more info review our Privacy Policy.
Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
My name is Maria, I’m 22 and absolutely obsessed with everything beauty related. I’ve always had a huge passion for makeup, so I decided to start a blog years ago and share my knowledge and thoughts with you guys! Follow along for hauls. reviews, inspiration, updates and tips ♡
The player can choose between building long mazes out of basic towers or placing more advanced towers which are more effective at different types of incoming enemies.
The game's environments are constructed with a lot of attention to detail and they are almost completely destructible. Any bridge or building in the game can be collapsed and it's destruction is dynamically simulated using realistic physics.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, go to:
Powered by WordPress | Cheap Sprint Cell Phones for Sale | Thanks to CD Rates, Interest Checking Accounts and Reverse lookup
An auto mechanic is responsible for maintaining, servicing, and repairing a wide range of different vehicles. They may find themselves working on cars, buses, or trucks. If you love cars, have a knack for problem solving, and seem to be good at all things technical and mechanical, then you should consider a career as an auto mechanic.
Most auto mechanics learn their trade on the job, however this isn't the only pathway to become an auto mechanic. First, you will need your high school diploma to get a job as a mechanic and this will help you when looking for an apprenticeship or entry level role. Working in a garage or workshop, you'll learn your trade first hand from experienced professionals. While this is a good way to become an auto mechanic, there are often less positions than people looking to learn, so it can become competitive.
Bigger companies have more of these positions available, so check with these kinds of places for jobs. Start looking a year before you finish school. Some larger employers will have cut off dates quite early for the next year, so it's important to be organized.
The second option is to complete some post-secondary education. Employers prefer even their entry-level mechanics to have had some specialized education, so this is not a bad way to do things.
If you want to work as an auto mechanic, your certificate of Automotive Service Excellence, or ASE, is something you will want to aspire to. This qualification will make you more valuable in the eyes of employees. To get this certificate, you need to complete a minimum amount of education in automobile services, and you can do this at a community college or vocational college. Some employers will allow you to take courses in-house. After you have finished the prescribed course work, you'll also need to sit an exam. Auto mechanics with their ASE can be identified by a patch which they wear on their arm. Not only will you be more valuable to your employer, but your clients will be aware of your experience and professionalism also.
Some high schools run programs which let students start learning their trade as a part of their curriculum also. You can take a course in auto mechanics at a vocational or trade school and community colleges also run these kinds of courses. You'll be completing a mix of in class theory work, along with real world experience, which is a good grounding for when you start work.
A good idea at this point is to try and get some weekend work at a garage or repair shop. This is a good way to get a bit of extra experience to put on your resume. You will also get to meet industry contacts which could lead to a job later on.
Most auto mechanics work in repair shops or garages. Usually these are small to medium sized businesses. Others may work for larger companies. Here are some of the daily tasks you could be responsible for as a mechanic.
Most mechanics start in entry level roles where they have the opportunity to learn their trade. From here they become sufficient to complete tasks on their own, and as time goes on, take on more complicated jobs.
Some auto mechanics move on to senior roles, may work in management, or become teachers. Others will open up their own businesses, while some may move to similar industries.
Professional development is important, most auto mechanics will take courses to keep their knowledge and technique up to date. According to BLS.gov, mechanics will make between $20,000 and $60,000 a year, depending on skills and experience. Those that are self-employed have the potential to make more.
Auto mechanics receive a good income and secure employment. If you are a mechanical thinker, enjoy working with machinery, and have a passion for cars, then a career as an auto mechanic is one that you may find challenging and rewarding.
In the present economy, moderate homes are more looked for after than any time in recent memory. Individuals are attempting to secure the most reduced APR and home loan conceivable. Without finding a house that is moderate, individuals will locate an alternate home or keep on picking an investment property. When you are looking for another home, there are a couple of approaches to locate the reasonable home you need to move in to.
1. Converse with a broker. On the off chance that you are searching for reasonable homes, you can converse with a real estate agent. He or she will frequently furnish you with the outcomes you requirement for a home inside your financial plan. Be that as it may, you may require a pre-endorsement letter from a bank before a real estate agent will go to work for you.
2. Check Craig’s List. Numerous individuals are setting aside extra cash and doing their very own postings through Craig’s List. On the off chance that a man doesn’t have the cash to employ a real estate agent, they most likely don’t have the cash to clean the house, either. You may discover reasonable homes, however it will probably cost you a ton to convey it up to norms.
3. Look in the daily paper. The daily paper may have an assortment of homes for you to investigate. It will probably take a considerable measure of calls to discover something you’re occupied with on the grounds that daily papers once in a while incorporate photographs of what the house resembles.
4. Peruse through MLS. You can get to the MLS of pre-claimed reasonable homes. Some might be reasonable however they can likewise incorporate short deals and abandonments, which can be harder to fit the bill for.
5. Drive by neighborhoods. There’s dependably the likelihood of driving through neighborhoods you’re occupied with, wanting to discover an ‘available to be purchased’ sign. This may take a while and if there are no sheets about the home in the tube, you should make some telephone calls.
6. Contact a manufacturer. Moderate homes can be accomplished by experiencing a developer. You can have another development home inherent another area. Numerous developers will likewise give you the capacity to redo the points of interest of your home, picking hues, cupboards and significantly more.
7. Discover from a companion. A portion of your companions or associates may realize that you’re vigilant for another home. They can be a decent wellspring of discovering what’s new available on the grounds that they’ll be looking out for alternatives for you.
8. Pursuit the web. Doing arbitrary web looks for moderate homes in different zones of the city might be invaluable also. A few destinations don’t refresh frequently enough, be that as it may.
You presumably as of now have heard. Information section is an awesome method to profit while telecommuting. The Internet is crammed with articles from individuals who have figured out how to profit with information passage and also articles from individuals are straight up extortionists.
You may have been careful in the past in light of the fact that it sounded pipe dream. All things considered, who wouldn’t love to work at their own pace from their home PC and procure a paycheck?
It’s imperative to remember that there will dependably be cheats crawling around, hoping to exploit great genuine individuals on the web. Individual and budgetary points of interest are justified regardless of a great deal of cash to con artists.
In any case, in light of the fact that there are many work-at-home information passage tricks, doesn’t mean there aren’t genuine approaches to profit with information section. Actually, telecommute information section can ge an astonishing method to profit from home.
Following these couple of basic guide rules, you ought to have the capacity to effortlessly detect the tricksters and select just the genuine information passage occupations for your work at home business…
Continuously do your examination before joining with an organization. On the off chance that you have an inquiry concerning their history at that point complete a Google pursuit to check whether there have been any grumblings made against them. You can likewise check work at home discussions such at wahm.com read about constructive and antagonistic encounters individuals have had with the organization.
Whenever you are requested your charge or Visa you ought to be concerned. In the event that you are requested to pay the organization with the end goal to work for them then you are presumably being misled. A real work at home occupation won’t expect you to hand over your money related data. Remember that a few organizations offer great data items. Data venders are not really con artists. I do prescribe purchasing strong data items to enable you to figure out how to acquire.
There are an assortment of information section positions that you will experience on the web. Medicinal interpretation and coding employments require people with preparing. On the off chance that you are searching for a passage level employment then you will most likely be applying for undertakings that compensation on a for every piece premise.
Following quite a while of disregard, the earth is beginning to get the consideration it merits, and in light of current circumstances. Thus, a few property holders are actualizing green outlines into their kitchens, particularly since the kitchen can utilize a considerable measure of vitality through machines that always run and water that frequently dribbles.
Here are a few hints for every classification in your kitchen with the goal that you can pick a green enlivening plan in light of your needs and spending plan.
Vitality Star machines are getting a considerable measure of consideration, and with the present scope of choices and value ranges, overhauling your more seasoned apparatuses for more vitality productive choices is reasonable. Vitality Star apparatuses utilize somewhere in the range of 10 to 50 percent less vitality.
Try not to disregard your kitchen spigot as a potential wellspring of water-protection. Particularly if your financial plan does exclude new apparatuses, consider picking a kitchen spigot with an aerator. You’ll have a similar water weight with less volume. A distribution pump will keep your high temp water in your tap, which means no running the water for up to a moment sitting tight for heated water.
Cupboards and ledges are original parts that influence the look of your kitchen. In the event that you are thinking about refacing your present cupboards, one well known alternative is picking a hardwood that wasn’t done with urea-formaldehyde, which transmits destructive gasses. You can likewise pick green materials, for example, wheatboard that is done with nontoxic items.
Reused quartz ledges are the most famous green choice, and are built by DuPont, CaesarStone, Silestone, Zodiaq and IceStone. These reused quartz ledges are antimicrobial, shape and warmth safe. They offer an extensive variety of shading choices with great shading profundity and a trace of shimmer that will supplement any kitchen.
In the event that you are thinking about refreshing your kitchen flooring, before you go the overlay flooring course, do some examination into green choices, for example, stopper ground surface, tile and bamboo or recovered hardwood. Bamboo is prevalent on the grounds that it’s effortlessly sustainable and has been enhanced to be more strong and additionally to stand up better to dampness. Plug is earth well disposed and you’ll have a numerous alternatives for shading, simply ensure you like the surface and look before submitting.
Since tile is produced using linseed oil, rosin and wood flour, it’s solid and naturally cordial to deliver. On the off chance that you are determined to tile, consider acquiring reused tile that was very much saved, maybe an earthenware for a warm, provincial look.
Regardless of whether you are refreshing your whole kitchen or only a few things, don’t disregard how you discard the things you’re supplanting. All things considered, tossing your present apparatuses into the landfill won’t legitimize purchasing Energy Star machines. Rather, either offer or give your utilized machines (if in working condition). Along these lines, another person will reuse them and this will keep them from obstructing a landfill. The equivalent goes for supplanting cupboards and even ledges. In case you’re bringing down your cupboards, take pictures first and attempt and pitch the parcel or give to your nearby home change philanthropy that will reuse your materials, for example, Habitat for Humanity. Thusly, you’ll have done your part for nature.
There are three components in a Western full restroom that will dependably be there – the sink, the bath and the can.
I determine that you’ll discover these in Western washrooms on the grounds that Eastern restrooms are planned in an unexpected way. The Japanese, for instance, could never put the can in a similar live with the shower. They additionally don’t bathe in the shower itself. The shower is utilized for unwinding toward the finish of a taxing day – one showers off any soil and grime before moving into the pleasant hot shower for a long douse. The Japanese additionally don’t squander cash keeping their family water hot constantly, in case it’s required. Or maybe, they warm their water on-request, having a wide range of mechanical wonders that warmth the water rapidly, and to definitely the coveted innovation.
As the littlest room in the house, the washroom must have both frame and capacity. The most effortless approach to enliven the restroom alluringly is to have coordinating shower towels and washcloths. On the off chance that the dividers are painted indistinguishable shade from the towels, that is a special reward.
Most mischances in the home occur in the washroom, as the tub and the floor can turn out to be very dangerous every so often. Aversion is superior to anything fix, as the old prosaism has it, so ensure you have some non-slip strips in the bath – and ensure you buy the most noteworthy quality that are anything but difficult to clean and don’t get recolored.
Non-slide carpets before the tub ought to likewise be considered – on the off chance that they are in indistinguishable shade from the towels, the washcloths and the dividers, at that point you’re truly in business!
Restrooms for the Elderly or Mobility Impaired As we develop more seasoned, we find that we can’t move as effortlessly as we used to. This time comes to everybody, lamentably. Luckily, there are a lot of items available to help make it simpler for the elderly or portability weakened person.
Calculated get bars make it less demanding for individuals to get into and out of the tub. It’s likewise conceivable to get security rails appended to the tub. In the event that the individual can’t get into – or out of – the tub, there are shower seats so they can sit and wash up without any issues. Since quite a while ago took care of brushes and different actualizes make showering less demanding.
Contingent upon the need, it’s conceivable to get can seats raised from two crawls to five inches, to make it simpler for people to hold up.
To be sure, in the present innovative world, there is an instrument to fill each need – as long as you probably are aware it exists.
4- Both homeowners and renters can easily update the look of their bedroom by changing their bedroom rug- or adding one if they don&apos;t currently have one. Even a small area rug can add warmth to a bedroom, both physically and stylistically. Consider replacing a floral rug with a plain or geometric design, or a shag rug with a plush rug or a berber style piece. Even changing the color of your area rug can modify the look of your space.
Color Trends for 2018 Color is one of the easiest ways to update a bedroom interior design, whether its a master bedroom design or a guest bedroom design. That being said, there are a number of hues that will be trendy for 2012. Black and white color palettes are back with a vengeance in 2018 and pair well with bold or subtle pops of colors. Look for color palettes that create a dramatic effect, as these are most trendy for the upcoming 2018 year. Keep in mind that painting a room is only a temporary change and if you decide you dont like the hue, you can always repaint! Paint is an inexpensive, easy way to update the look and feel of any bedroom design.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Beedly website that is not Beedly’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Beedly claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Every year, on the day after Christmas, I sit down and hand-write my thank-you letters. With a pen. On paper. On the 27th, I put them in the mail.
I have a friend on the West coast who hasn’t written a letter in five years – or so she told me in an email. “Email is so much faster,” she said (that is, she typed). Nancy is trying to talk me into tweeting, but I’ve remained a dinosaur where that is concerned.
Who says that every communication has to be instantaneous? It seems the whole world is beginning to think that way. Instant everything. Books (like Bleak House that I blogged about recently) used to be doled out in monthly installments, giving people a chance to talk about the latest chapter for four weeks before the next one came out. Letters from the Old Country used to take months to get to the colonies (if they made it at all what with the dangers of sailing across the Atlantic). Letters were written to be worth reading at the other end, because the writer knew that the reader would treasure the words, unfold and refold the paper, hold it and feel a connection, however tenuous, across the miles.
Bees need instantaneous communication. When a queen dies, the entire colony must know about it within moments. They have to get busy creating a new queen. Their survival depends on it.
My friend (and I told her I was going to blog about this) sends Christmas cards, with a one-page (both sides) summary of everything she and her family have done all year – the kids, the grandkids, the vacations, the business trips. Each year, before I read it, I always skip to the end to see if she penned a personal note to me. (She never does, but I keep hoping.) “Dear Friends” her letter begins, and I know I’m pretty far down on the list, with a last name that starts with S.
my books: http://www.franstewart.com Please buy them from an independent bookstore or directly from my website.
I'm a woman of varied interests, particularly in the realm of environmental responsibility. Although I work as a freelance editor and a mystery writer, I've become entranced with honeybees and the important role they play in the health of our world. In this blog, I plan to share with you my journey as I learn about bees, set up my bee hives, install the bees, and watch them grow. I plan to blog for 600 days -- I figure that will get me up to my first harvest of honey. Share the journey with me, won't you?
WOW! Last month, SFI Affiliates and Members received 21,982,985 Rewardicals from our Biz Quiz, Daily Grand, Daily Crown, and Badge Quest contests! Congrats to all our contest winners, and good luck to all our November contest participants!
Remember: In addition to winning Rewardical Tokens (RTs) in SFI and TC drawings and contests, you can earn RTs when shopping at local and online stores via the Rewardical loyalty program. You can then exchange Rewardical tokens HERE for a variety of great goodies, including PSAs, CSAS, free gift cards, Bitcoin, silver bullion, and more.
Boost your business! A great way to attract new Rewardical members is to pass out Rewardical X-Cards, designed to promote Rewardical and digital Rewardical Reward Tokens, to anyone and everyone you like. As their referrer, you’ll now be set to earn unlimited 10-1 Rewardicals on every Rewardical they earn…for life!
Astro Auctions, introduced on July 10th, have been a great success, but we want EVERY affiliate to have the opportunity to experience the Astro “rocket ride” first-hand so they can better understand and promote this exciting product.
Here’s how it works: At the top of each hour, one of the auctions listed on the Auctions index will have a “BID FREE” button. When you see it, simply click the button and you’ll be entered in that auction. As a free participant, you’ll have the opportunity to win:
In addition to the above prizes, you’re guaranteed to win a minimum of 11 free Rewardicals and multiple other Constellation Prizes!
So, if you haven’t yet tried Astro, check the Auctions index (or the index on the Auctions tab) now! Note: If no free bids are available, keep trying, six will be offered, first come first serve, every hour. Or, you can of course try Astro anytime for just one TCredit.
Head over to the FORUM–to the SFI NEWS DISCUSSIONS section–to discuss this announcement with your fellow SFI’ers now.
Over the last few months, we’ve noticed a significant drop in Spin & Win participants. Therefore, effective immediately, we’re no longer including these contests in future newsletters. But don’t worry, we’ve got something even more fun and exciting coming to replace it soon…so, stay tuned!
Did you miss out on the most recent Spin & Win contest, held between September 14th through September 16th? Affiliates who spotted the Spin & Win notice–announced in the monthly SFI Rules of Success Newsletter, mailed out Friday, September 14th–and who entered the free contest grabbed 29,075 free VP!
Yet, that number is only a tiny fraction of the total amount of free VP we set aside for each Spin & Win contest! Don’t miss out on these easy, rank-advancing VersaPoints and the accompanying earning benefits. Be on the lookout for Spin & Win alerts in our newsletters–and make sure everyone in your downline is looking for them as well. Readers are leaders!
At least once every month–and up to three times every month–we include a notice in our newsletters announcing that a new Spin & Win contest is underway. NOTE: There is no mention of Spin & Win in the subject line. You must read each newsletter you receive in its entirety to find the new Spin & Win contest notice. When you find it, get to the Web page URL referenced as soon as you can (the entry period will typically be 48 to 72 hours, but could be less).
When you arrive at the Spin & Win Web page, answer the simple questions there about SFI or TripleClicks. Answer correctly and you will get one free spin of the VP wheel–with a chance to win up to 1,000 VersaPoints (everyone is guaranteed to win at least 5 VP per spin). There is NO obligation and NO purchase is necessary. Just enter the correct answers, spin the wheel, and you’ll be a instant winner…with up to 1,000 VersaPoints added immediately to your account–just for reading your SFI e-mails!
WOW! In the last month alone, SFI Affiliates and Members received 20,073,528 Rewardicals from our Biz Quiz, Daily Grand, Daily Crown, and Badge Quest contests! Congrats to all our contest winners and good luck to all our August contest participants!
It's a more meaningful email address with all the storage and features you'd expect. You can use your RealNames email with your favorite email program, via our easy-to-use webmail, and on your mobile phone or tablet.
Belarusian State University (BSU) has been included in the prestigious Best Global Universities ranking.
Belarus’ leading university is ranked 668th out of the world’s best 1250 schools and 301st in Europe, according to BelTA
The Best Global Universities ranking has strict selection criteria. It evaluates scientific excellence, publications, global and regional research reputation.
Out of the 13 criteria evaluated, BSU’s highest score was in the International Collaboration category – 22nd in the world.
This is due to BSU’s research and high integration with international projects and experiments at the Large Hadron Collider.
Besides, it occupies the 238th spot among the leading higher educational institutions in the Physics category.
This year American universities sweep the podium: Harvard University is first, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is second, Stanford University is third.
The best European schools are the University of Oxford that takes 5th place, the University of Cambridge – 7th, and King’s College London is at 17th place.
Lomonosov Moscow State University is named the best of Russia’s 15 universities featured in the ranking, being 267.
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kiev is the only Ukrainian school appears on the list as 1029.
Belarusian State University occupies high positions in respected international rankings: QS, THE, Webometrics, SIR and U-Multitrank, to name a few.
In 2017, the university was ranked 401-500 is Physics category in the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) of this year.
That was the first time a Belarusian university was included in the ARWU, one of the oldest and most prestigious university rankings.
Belarusian State University remains the only Belarusian higher education institution included in the high-status Times Higher Education (THE) ranking.
I'd like to raise that BLOODY BRILLIANT to a FUCKING INCREDIBLE! -- course as it may seem. Loving Far Cry.
They had a commerical for ESPN's Fantasy Baseball. In it, former Philadelphia Phillie and current baseball analyst Jon Kruk was fronting a rock band and imitating Jack Black.
Some of the fills are a bit tricky -- nothing on the level of Buddy Rich, but still take some chops -- but the toughest part, if you play it without cheating, is, imo, the 32nd note ride cymbal patterns (ti-ti-tibby-ti-ti-ti, ti-ti-tibby-tibby-ti-ti-ti) that follow a bit after the solo (after " ... but change is!").
If you just push the stick into the head and let it bounce, you'll get the speed (but it will sound like shit). If you use actual single strokes via Moeller, push-pull, etc., those 32nds are damn tough to play. Not many drummers outside of jazz could pull it off as clean as Neil does, I don't think. Most people would simply cheat (come to think of it, so would some jazzbos).
Neil's trickiest songs came from the early-to-mid 1980s, imo. Albums like Signals, Grace Under Pressure and Hold Your Fire gave us some tough ones. A lot of limb independence challenges, fast one-handed work and odd patterns. Not easy at all, but hardly top level, I don't think. I couldn't play that stuff (not cleanly ... I probably could cheat it, of course). But anyone on the Bruford level and up could, in my opinion.
Freaking awesome is an understatement! I'm so excited to see that a new album is coming out. With all the stuff that Neil has been through, I though for sure Vapor Trails was the end of the show as far as albums and especially tours. I'm so there if they get remotely close to Indianapolis.
I love how both of my favorite things are talked about in a single forum. I wrote about JB and Neil in my business book that was published a few years back. It's cool to see that so many people share the same passion for the same things. Kindred souls I guess.
I'm not a big Rush fan, but I like quite a few of their songs. My favorites would be Tom Sawyer, Distant Early Warning, Free Will, and Big Money.
There are a few songs that, if I have a radio on and someone tries to turn it off or change the station when they're playing, that person is apt to end up with broken fingers. Tom Sawyer is one of those songs. (I mainly keep the radio on a classic rock station that only plays stuff from the 60-80's and some early 90's)
For those of you not on the Rush e-mail list, be advised tour dates are to be announced Monday March 26 at rush.com.
Sounds great Chris! Just got my tickets for NEC Birmingham,i know they are expensive,but i figure it may be last chance us Europeans get to see them in the flesh.
If you go to the Rush site you can pre-order the new album as a dvd version in 5.1 surround! Just ordered mine!
Have you seen Neil's Work in Progress DVD where he performs most of the Test for Echo album - solo - while discussing why he made the creative choices he did?
Yeah, I actually had Work in Progress (lost it years ago) -- good stuff. I also have Anatomy of a Drum solo -- even better stuff.
The state Medical Examining Board fined a New Haven doctor $5,000 on Tuesday for having inappropriate sexual contact with a female patient in 2008.
The board found in its memorandum of decision that Dr. Si Hoi Lam had “acted illegally, incompetently and/or negligently in the practice of medicine” during a pre-operative exam of the patient on Dec. 19, 2008.
His license was placed on probation for six months, and he was ordered to take a course on medical ethics and boundaries. The board also imposed a permanent order that Lam must have a female employee present when examining any female patient.
During a pre-surgery visit with Lam before having a breast lumpectomy, the patient said that after a nurse left the room, he “caressed” her breasts, rather than doing the normal exam she was used to, state Department of Public Health records show.
When the patient told Lam she had tripped over a vacuum cleaner and had been hit in her chest, she said he then asked her to stand up, pulled her pants down to her knees and said he was going to check for bruises on her legs, records show. She said Lam then massaged the outside of her underwear, then moved his hand under her underwear and massaged her clitoral area, records said. After completing some paperwork, the patient said Lam massaged her clitoral area again until she questioned why he needed to keep doing it, records said.
Lam denied that he touched her in an inappropriate way and said he conducted a normal breast exam and examined her legs for blood clots and the lymph nodes in her groin as required in the pre-surgery visit, records show. The patient said the groin examination made her feel “in shock,” records show.
After a hearing, the board concluded it had insufficient evidence that the breast exam was inappropriate, but it found that Lam “significantly deviated” from the standard of care when examining the patient’s lymph nodes, records state.
Records show the board found the patient’s testimony about the sexual contact to be “credible and reliable.” Lam had said the patient’s anxiety about the operation may have affected her judgment, but the board disagreed.
Other factors cited in the board’s decision were that Lam did not have a female assistant present during the exam, did not explain the type of touching he would be doing and did not document that he had examined her breasts or lymph nodes that day.
In other business Tuesday, the board accepted a consent order that prohibits a Bristol obstetrician from performing surgery except for procedures done under anesthesia in an office and bars her from delivering babies or caring for pregnant women beyond their 22nd week.
State records show that on Jan. 12, 2011, Dr. Victoria Biondi was performing a hysterectomy at Bristol Hospital when she could not find the tip of a scalpel. She did not have an X-ray done in the operating room to find the broken instrument but instead closed the surgical site and sent the patient to the recovery room, records show. Once there, Biondi ordered an X-ray.
The patient was informed of the missing scalpel and it was found and removed the next day, William Gerrish, DPH’s spokesman, said.
The hospital reported the incident to DPH. During the investigation, Biondi voluntarily surrendered her privileges to perform surgery at Bristol Hospital and John Dempsey Hospital in Farmington, records show. She also agreed not to perform deliveries or care for pregnant women beyond their 22nd week at either hospital, records show.
The consent order states that Biondi did not admit any wrongdoing but agreed to the medical board’s penalty.
Board member Dr. Robert Green said after the vote on Biondi that the incident was “fairly egregious” and that he would have liked to see a stiffer penalty imposed.
The board also declined to reconsider its decision from last month to fine a Milford psychiatrist $15,000 for sending personal texts to a patient.
In September, the board had also reprimanded Dr. Ljudmil Kljusev for inviting the female patient in 2007 to meet him at a restaurant, for sending the texts and for calling her “Sweety,” DPH records show.
The board considered the behavior a violation of professional boundaries. Through a new lawyer, Kljusev asked the board to reconsider its conclusion that the texts were unrelated to treatment and were of a personal nature. Attorney Anthony Sasso of Fairfield wrote to the board that the text messages were “an effort to support a very fragile patient” and that the patient is the one who initiated the messages. DPH staff attorney Diane Wilan argued in writing against reopening the case, and the board agreed.
Assistant Attorney General Daniel Shapiro said Kljusev’s lawyer has asked for the request to be tabled Tuesday, but the board declined to do so.
The Conn. Health I-Team is dedicated to producing original, responsible, in-depth journalism on key issues of health and safety that affect our readers, and helping them make informed health care choices. As a nonprofit, we rely on donations to help fund our work. All donations made from Nov. 1 through Dec. 31 will be doubled via NewsMatch.
Connecticut consumers were billed for more than $1 billion in facility fees for outpatient services in 2015 and 2016, documents filed with the state Office of Health Care Access (OHCA) show.
Out of work and addicted to the anti-anxiety medication Klonopin, Heather Delaney, a licensed practical nurse from Stratford, checked herself into Bridgeport Hospital in 2011 when she could no longer handle withdrawal without medical help.
A quick follow up on my previous post: Raspberry PI as a an Amiga PPP server I managed to get my hands on a Raspberry PI 1 model B (with ethernet). It works perfectly! No changes are needed. Just follow the PI 2 guide.
A Raspberry PI can be used as a cheap option to getting Amigas online. All you need is a Raspberry PI, a cheap serial port adapter for the PI and a TCP/IP stack for the amiga. I used a Raspberry PI 2 and MiamiDx in this guide. My PI is running Debian Jesse (latest version). Hardware I used a… Read More »
Buying or selling your home should be a memorable and pleasant experience. Real estate is one of the largest and most exciting investments you can make. Here at CENTURY 21 Properties Unlimited we want to help you find the communities and properties which suit you best. Should you also need assistance valuing and selling your home, we would be delighted to help.
Our clients have come to expect only the best from our team. At CENTURY 21 Properties Unlimited we continue to deliver this standard by adhering to a basic yet consistent set of values. We believe in an open dialogue with our clients and recognize the importance of taking the time to make sure we understand your goals and adopting them as our own. Attracting top-notch real estate professionals allows us to maintain this high standard.
We believe in helping our team offer excellent service to customers. Shared beliefs and hard work contribute to excellence. Years of experience, market knowledge and the latest in real estate marketing is what you can expect from our office. We are a strong, vibrant and global real estate family. We strive everyday to deliver unsurpassed market intelligence and insights. Our network of over 140,000 agents in over 8,000 offices worldwide is your edge.
Our company pledge is to provide you, the Client, with the highest standard of professional real estate service. On our site you will be able to find everything you need to buy or sell a home, as well as learn about the market value of homes you may own in the area. Please contact us today so that together we can begin this exciting journey. We look forward to servicing all of your real estate needs.
© 2015. Properties Unlimited. All Rights Reserved. All rights reserved. All content contained herein cannot be copied or used off this Web site in any way without the express written consent of the owner. CENTURY 21® is a registered trademark owned by CENTURY 21 Real Estate LLC . An Equal Opportunity Company. Equal housing Opportunity. Each office is independently owned and operated. CENTURY 21 ® is the most recognized name in real estate.
(*) 3.2.1. Source: 2011 Ad Tracking Study. The survey results are based on 1200 online interviews with a national random sample of adults (ages 18+) who are equal decision makers and who have bought or sold a home within the past two years or plan to purchase or sell a home within the next two years. Brand awareness questions are based on a sample of 1200 respondents at 90% confidence level with a margin of error of +/-2.4%. The study was conducted between September 5 - November 31, 2011 by Millward Brown, a leading global market research organization.
Home › Forums › General Discussion › How to set lower write speed on iHAS 524b? › Reply To: How to set lower write speed on iHAS 524b?
I’ve tested Plextool and Roxio Creator.Plextool doesn’t work on this drive (obviously because it’s for Plextor drives) and Roxio Creator shows burning speed like every burning software for this LiteOn.I have no luck i guess.
While these logs are primarily gathered from public channels, we respect your desire for privacy and anonymity. If your nickname appears in the logs and you'd like it to be anonymized, please submit a request via the Contact page. Upon receipt, any references to your nick will be replaced with asterisks during the next round of manual edits.
RSVP - Reserve your seats now for the Cabaret Connexion events from OCTOBER 28 to November 4: concerts, Razzle-Dazzles, and roundtables.
It was not guilt they felt, not at first. That would come later, after instruction. Guilt must be learned; shame, it appears, comes naturally.
The story is so brief that even a mere summary of it amounts to commentary. The man and the woman were placed in the garden and allowed to eat the fruit of every tree there save one, “the tree of knowledge, good and evil”—I am using Robert Alter’s translation—”for on the day you eat from it, you are doomed to die.” But the serpent told the woman they would not die: instead, “your eyes will be opened and you will become as gods knowing good and evil.”
And the woman saw that the tree was good for eating and that it was lust to the eyes and the tree was lovely to look at, and she took of its fruit and ate, and she also gave to her man, and he ate. And the eyes of the two were opened, and they knew they were naked, and they sewed fig leaves and made themselves loincloths.
­Did they repent of their disobedience? Did they sense that the doom of death had fallen on them? Did they think, “The serpent was right—we are indeed as gods in our new knowledge”? Any of the above is possible; in reading this strange text we should never infer too much from silence, of which there is a great deal. Our author merely tells us: they were ashamed. We know that this concept is important to him because he had concluded his account of the Creation by writing, “And the two of them were naked, the human and his woman, and they were not ashamed.” The tale of the world’s making ends with the thought that the first couple had no shame; but it is a précis of their fall, and the breaking of all things, to say that shame came upon them.
Since the 1940s, anthropologists have distinguished between shame-cultures and guilt-cultures. People who belong to the latter suffer from an inner sense that they have transgressed some immutable law, and the hiddenness of that transgression can intensify the pain: thus the feeling of relief that can accompany confession in such cultures. But in shame-cultures, exposure is the great evil: not to transgress, but to have one’s transgressions revealed. Thus in the Iliad, when Andromache begs her beloved Hector to stay in the city rather than return to the fighting, he replies that he cannot, for the shame of doing so would be too terrible.
What the man and the woman feel, in their garden, is not the pricking of guilt but the panicky flush of exposure. So before all else—even before they hide themselves in the woods for fear—they sew coverings for themselves from fig leaves. (Why fig leaves? Perhaps merely because of the leaves’ size.) Even fear of God’s wrath must be set aside so that the shame of nakedness can be removed.
But they are morally naked too—their deeds exposed as fully as their genitals—and help for this exposure must come from words, not leaves:
And the Lord God called to the human and said to him, “Where are you?” And he said, “I heard Your sound in the garden and I was afraid, for I was naked, and I hid.” And He said, “Who told you that you were naked? From the tree I commanded you not to eat have you eaten?” And the human said, “The woman whom you gave by me, she gave me from the tree, and I ate.” And the Lord God said to the woman, “What is this you have done?” And the woman said, “The serpent beguiled me and I ate.”
The words both cover and deflect: the man seeks to turn God’s eye towards the woman, the woman towards the serpent. The man even suggests that their misery arose from a poor decision on the Lord God’s own part: “The woman whom you gave.”
But exposure cannot really be undone; what is revealed remains, in memory and image, even after it has been re-hidden. The words of the man and woman are transparently evasive. Likewise, the fig leaves merely call attention to what they are meant to hide, and in fact are another kind of evasion, another way of passing the blame, this time not to a creature or Being but to a part of the body, as though the sexual organs acted of their own accord—even though sexuality clearly plays no part in the story, in either its prohibitions or its rebellions. St. Augustine would be fooled by the leaves, and would preach to his congregation: If you want to know where your rebellion comes from, Ecce unde! Behold the place!
So shame, which rightly belongs to the rebellious human will, gets deflected to the genitals, and every fig leaf so strategically placed reinforces the deflection. Our sexual organs become pudenda, literally “the shameful parts.” It’s curious that this term is more often used to describe women’s anatomy. Consider, for instance, Masaccio’s great Expulsion from the Garden of Eden: Adam bends forward in grief, his hands covering his eyes—but the eyes of the two, once opened, can’t truly be closed—and his penis clearly visible. This is intentional: we see him from the right, with his left foot forward. Had Masaccio placed the right foot forward, our view would have been blocked. But we see Eve’s wailing face clearly, because her right hand covers her breasts, her left her vulva, which is partly obscured anyway by her right leg. She and Adam are out of step. Adam’s posture suggests that he does not want to see, Eve’s that she does not want to be seen, though no one could be looking, as the angel with the flaming sword hovers behind them. Everything in their portrayal suggests that they feel two different shames. Adam’s is closer to the Biblical account, Eve’s to the Augustinian shifting of responsibility to the genitals, the pudenda. If Adam’s shame comports with the Genesis narrative, Masaccio’s overall depiction seems not to, since we are told that God clothed them in “skin coats” before he dismissed them from their Garden. But Masaccio restores them to the moment they discovered their nakedness, thus telescoping the story, emphasizing the connection between exposure and expulsion.
Some centuries later, one of the Medicis ordered fig leaves painted onto the bodies of Masaccio’s Adam and Eve, though presumably not out of a concern for Biblical fidelity. It became common to correct the artists of the Renaissance in this way: some of the classical statuary at the Vatican was similarly covered, and when the Duke of Tuscany presented Queen Victoria with a plaster replica of Michaelangelo’s David in 1857 (cast from the original), she immediately gave the thing to the South Kensington Museum—now the Victoria & Albert—whose authorities in turn commissioned a fig leaf to give the Biblical hero proper coverage. As V&A documents tell the story, the plaster leaf “was then kept in readiness for any royal visits, when it was hung on the figure using two strategically placed hooks.” Today, David has regained his original nudity, but the leaf has been preserved: it sits in its own case just behind the statue, which is a good thing, for the leaf is a fine piece of work, elegantly formed.
We all know, or think we know, about “Victorian prudishness,” but even as we smile we should remember to distinguish the link between sex and sin from the link between nudity and shame. The former was not created by Augustine, but he is our primary source for it, and he forged that link so strongly that for many centuries it has been hard to see the nude Adam and Eve without thinking Augustinian thoughts. It might never occur to us that the miserable pair could be ashamed not of their organs’ connection with sex but rather with the elimination of waste. (In some cultures this is a far more private matter than sex.) But if we could purge all such Augustinian assumptions from our minds, we would still be left, I think, with some discomfort—or, the story suggests, that’s what we should feel. How do we experience the nakedness of our First Parents? To take an oddly echoing episode from later in Genesis that clearly has no sexual context: Are we like Ham, the son of Noah, who not only looked upon his father’s nakedness as the old man lay drunk in his tent but also told his brothers about it? Do we, like Ham, experience no sense that Noah’s nakedness was shameful, no desire to cover him and restore him to decency? Or would we be like Ham’s brothers, who turned their heads away as they covered Noah and thereby saved him from further shame? The text says that when Noah awoke he “knew what his youngest son had done to him.” We think, done to him? What have we done to Adam and Eve by looking upon their nakedness? Yet for his impudence Ham was cursed.
W. H. Auden, thinking of statues and saints, wrote that “The blessed will not care what angle they are regarded from, / Having nothing to hide.” But we are not among the blessed; like Adam and Eve and Noah, we have much to hide, much that we would not have exposed. And nudity, while it can stand for many other human conditions—innocence, blessedness, desire—remains our strongest image of that exposure, that shame.
Alan Jacobs teaches English at Wheaton College in Illinois. His most recent book is Original Sin: a Cultural History (HarperOne, 2008), and he is currently writing about trees.
Holy guacamole! Beautiful but I dont know how I would feel about cleaning that much room.306 Total Shares
This is just plain beautiful! I want lots of windows so the sun can always shine through!!262 Total Shares
Voronoi Polyhedra (VP) analysis of ionic solutions generated via Monte-Carlo simulations for a wide range of concentrations and ionic charges are reported. The properties investigated are the VP volumes, VP surface shared with unlike/like-ions and VP non-sphericity configurational mean values distributions. The study shows that high concentrations favor a molten salt-like structure while low concentrations tend to disrupt such ordering so small aggregates are more likely. The degree of separation between these forms is strongly determined by the charge of the ions. In the limit of low concentrations/high ionic charge, small clusters with some chain-like character are present which anticipates several features characteristic of the low density liquid-gas transition of the restricted primitive model.
The holidays wouldn’t be the same without delicious food and those tasty desserts that everyone loves so much. Here on Christmas Eve, we are planning to make some of our own treats and bake some cookies for Santa - a family tradition for this holiday. I hope that whatever your family is doing, you … [Read more...]
The holiday season is here and our family, like many others in the country, are celebrating winter break. This means no school. If you homeschool, you might also be taking some time off to relax and just enjoy the season. That also means you have children home with an upset routine. There will … [Read more...]
I love buying gifts for all my family and friends but it can get very expensive if I don’t budget right. That’s why I look for good deals on all the gifts I buy. When I search for items for the people on my Christmas list, I look for gifts that suit each person’s personality but at the same time, I … [Read more...]
Christmas is almost here. Can you believe it? It really feels like this year is flying by. It's insane! With that in mind, it's time to get the last little things in order to have a great holiday. If you're looking for a fun little craft to keep the kids happy when they are out for winter break, or … [Read more...]
Of all the things I love about the holiday season, candy canes and peppermint are near the top. I love how they are everywhere at this time of year and there are so many great things you can do with them. Candy canes are as big a part of Christmas as gingerbread and sugar cookies. You’ll find them … [Read more...]
If you’re looking for unique and unusual ideas for making DIY Christmas ornaments, then you’ve come to the right place. Each year I like to make at least one ornament for the tree that stands out from the normal shiny balls or colorful bells that you buy in the stores. It's a fun thing to do with … [Read more...]
Welcome to Caffeinated Millennial, real talk about life, love, and everything else. Grab a cuppa and join us!
Many of the links on Caffeinated Millennial are affiliate links. If you purchase a product after clicking an affiliate link, we receive a small percentage of the sale for referring you, at zero cost to you! Pretty cool, huh? Purchasing through affiliate links is an easy, painless way to help out your favorite bloggers.
Have you heard a lot of hype about essential oils lately? They’re becoming a staple in many homes as the need to live a cleaner, healthier life becomes a priority for people all over the globe but why are they popular? What makes essential oils so useful? First, we need to understand that this is not a new concept. Essential oils have actually been around a very long time. People in ancient times used them, as we had to live off the land and you couldn’t just go to the supermarket to buy something you needed. Back then, people knew how to work with what they found in their environment and many families today are going back to these natural roots to avoid certain chemicals in their homes and in their bodies.
So again, what makes essential oils so useful? If you have to choose one thing it would probably be their diversity. You can use them in a variety of ways for many different reasons. The fact that they can be used for so many things in your home and in your life means you can save money by tossing out so many other products and medicines. It also means you reduce clutter and that you can live a simpler lifestyle. Here are three things that make essential oils useful to have around.
Essential oils are famous for their healing properties that make them an important part of healthy living. Many people use them to help improve their overall physical health or to ease the symptoms of certain medical conditions. Keep in mind that essential oils are not a miracle cure and if you have a serious medical condition, you should still follow the advice of your medical professional. That said, many people find these oils help with certain medical conditions and with small problems like cuts and scrapes. Since they’re all natural with few, if any side effects when used correctly, they make a great alternative to conventional methods of treating or preventing the following medical issues.
Some of the most common oils used for medical purposes include tea tree essential oil, lavender, peppermint, lemon, clove, eucalyptus and frankincense. Essential oils can help you with acne, eczema, moles, athletes foot, age spots, and more!
Many users believe breathing in the aroma of certain essential oils will help relax you both mentally and emotionally. Aromatherapy has long been used to help affect mood and when you want to promote a happier, healthier mood, essential oils are a great choice. They soothe the mind and body to help you feel calm and in control. Some users say certain oils help them feel more positive and self-confident while others use them to control anxiety, anger, depression and mental fog or exhaustion for examples. You can use them with a diffuser in your bedroom, bathroom while taking a soothing bubble bath, in the office when you want to concentrate better, in your kitchen, living room, or pretty much anywhere else you choose. Lavender essential oil, orange, lemon, chamomile, rose, ylang ylang and frankincense are some of the most common oils used for improving your mental and emotional state.
Essential oils give your homemade cleaning supplies that extra power to clean and disinfect without exposing your family to harsh chemicals that are bad for your health. Some of the most popular oils to use for cleaning supplies include lemon essential oil, thyme, orange, peppermint, tea tree, rosemary, eucalyptus and pine. In addition to cleaning away dirt, these oils also help kill germs and viruses while eliminating odors that linger in the air.
As you can see, essential oils have many uses but they’re usefulness is not limited to personal use. Did you know that some hospitals, such as the Vanderbilt University Hospital, uses aromatherapy to help improve the medical care they provide for their patients? It gives you an idea of how much of an impact essential oils have made over recent years and they’re even affordable. Although they may seem expensive at first, the high-quality oils are extremely potent, so a little goes a long way.
If you’re interested in getting started, or just want to pick up some more oils to add to your stock, here’s a great deal for 10% off 2 or more products on amoils.com.
Did you like this post? Want to have posts like this written for you? Are you a fellow blogger who just doesn’t have the time to keep up with your content? I would love to speak with you about working together. Contact me here, or at CopyBarista.com to chat about your needs.
I have heard so much about essential oils so this is great since I never really knew much about them! Thanks for sharing. 🙂
Yes I love essential oils! I haven’t tried using them as cleaning products yet but I’m looking forward to trying it out!
I would start with diffusing them, especially if you love having nice scents in the home. That’s a simple way to get started and to learn about which oils do what and how they smell before delving into other uses.
I have only used a handful of essential oils (lavender and tea tree are my go-tos) but have been loving the effect/results! What a great post and thank you for all the useful info you shared, lovely!
Why are you touchy thinking of restroom remodel just because you contain a small one? There are numerous people who have simply dropped the plan of renovation a small bathroom, as they had idea there is no space for several improvement. The region of a bathroom matters a lot for a perfect renovation. But it is not everything that matters. Why don’t you discuss to some professionals and take useful thoughts? They can help you to realize your imagination in the perfect way. It is not that complex as it seems! So, in order to get the bathrooms you have always create in the lifestyle magazine, you want to go through the process of restrrom remodel. You know your oldest bathroom well and also recognize the area that must to be redone. Therefor, first make a lay out of the part to be renovated. If you think you do not contain enough room for restroom modify, just knock down the unnecessary wall and add various more room to your bathroom. This is one of the mainly popular solutions for restroom renovation. But it is a little bit exclusive and you should have a proper preparation with you. Differently instead of adding area, you resolve end up in adding mess to your creation! As the room in your bathroom is less, do not decide any great accessories. You will get tons of small cabinet, bathtub, washbasins and sinks in the market. So, why must you use the enormous, old ones? Restore them with several smart minor ones. Size does matter!! Although install the appliances, construct sure they are glued to the wall. It will keep the floor area and will not generate difficulty. Also, try to establish hanging appliances as countless as promising. Use shelve and racks and wall cabinet to maintain the effects within simple attain. Use mirror in such costoms that the restrrom looks better. If installed in a correct way, large mirror can give an impression of wider space in the bathroom. Also, make sure that there is sufficient brightness in the restroom – both usually and artificial. brightness also helps in making the space appear wider. While painting, do not utilize dark shade. Use pale shade instead. It will reflect brightness and will compose the restroom bright and shiny. Are you receiving wrinkles on your forehead while thoughts of restrrom remodeling with a low budget? It is difficult, but not impossible. You want to pace onward with various calculations and strategies. You can do the planning yourself without hiring a expert. It will cut down your budget to several considerable extent. Also, decide how greatly cash you can disburst accurate at the moment. Search the promote for the finest potential worth charge. If you find everything fitting your budget, you are blessed Otherwise, you might have to change your plan a bit. One of the most tried and tested technics of bathroom renovation with a low finances are to renovate one part at a moment. However it is a time-consuming procedure but it will accumulation you from the tension, if you cannot afford the total price at this second. You can start with the cabinet first. Then stop the renovate for a while. And then over, you can continue with the bathtub. It will be easier for you and determine not need a lump sum quantity.
Why are you complaining thinking of restroom remodeling just since you contain a small one? There are many people who have purely plunge the plan of remodeling a small bathroom, as they had thought there is no area for some upgrading. The spot of a restroom matter a lot for a great remodel. But it is not everything that matter. Why don’t you talk to several professionals and take practical ideas? They can assit you to realize your thoughts in the perfect way. It is not that difficult as it seems! So, in categories to get the bathrooms you have always create in the lifestyle magazine, you want to go through the development of restrrom renovation. You know your old bathroom well and also know the places that require to be redone. Therefor, first compose a lay out of the part to be renovated. If you think you do not contain enough room for bathroom remodel, just knock down the pointless wall and add various more area to your restroom. This is one of the most popular solutions for restroom reconstruction. But it is a little bit exclusive and you must have a proper arrangement with you. Otherwise alternatively of totaling room, you resolve conclusing up in added mess to your creation! As the room in your restrrom is less, do not decide any large trimming. You will get many of small cabinet, bathtub, washbasins and sinks in the market. So, why must you use the enormous, old ones? Restore them with various smart minor ones. Size does substance!! While install the appliances, construct sure they are glue to the wall. It will keep the floor space and will not make difficulty. Also, try to establish hanging appliances as various as promising. Use shelf and racks and wall cabinet to keep the equipment within effortless attain. Use mirror in such costoms that the bathroom look better. If install in a correct way, wide mirrors can provide an feeling of wider room in the restroom. Also, create positive that there is sufficient light in the bathroom – both usually and artificial. brightness also assist in making the area appear wider. While painting, do not utilize gloomy shade. Use natural color instead. It will replicate light and will build the bathroom light and glossy. Are you getting wrinkles on your forehead althouth thinking of bathroom remodel with a low budget? It is difficult, but not impossible. You require to step forward with some calculation and strategy. You can do the preparation yourself without hire a expert. It will cut down your funds to some considerable extent. Also, decide how greatly money you can expend right at the second. Seek the market for the best potential cost rates. If you find everything fitting your finances, you are blessed Otherwise, you might have to change your arrangement a bit. One of the mainly try and tested technics of bathroom remodel with a low finances are to revamp one part at a moment. Though it is a occasion-overring procedure but it will save you from the tension, if you cannot afford the total price at this second. You can start with the cabinets first. Then stop the renovate for a while. And then again, you can continue with the bathtub. It will be easier for you and determine not want a lump sum total.
Why are you complaining thinking of bathroom renovation just since you contain a small one? There are many people who have purely plunge the thought of renovation a small bathroom, as they have idea there is no room for several enhacement. The area of a bathroom matter a lot for a wonderful remodel. But it is not everything that matter. Why don’t you talk to several professionals and take practical thoughts? They can assit you to implement your imagination in the complete way. It is not that difficult as it seems! So, in categories to get the beautiful you have always create in the lifestyle magazines, you need to go during the process of bathroom renovation. You know your oldest restrrom well and also recognize the area that need to be redo. Hence, first create a lay out of the parts to be renovated. If you believe you do not have enough area for bathroom remodeling, just knock down the pointless wall and add various more space to your restroom. This is one of the most popular solutions for bathroom rebuilding. But it is a little bit exclusive and you must have a proper planning with you. Otherwise rather of adding area, you will end up in added mess to your creation! As the space in your bathroom is less, do not decide any great accessories. You will get lots of small cabinet, bathtubs, washbasins and sinks in the market. So, why should you use the enormous, old ones? Restore them with some smart smaller ones. Size does material!! While installing the appliances, make sure they are glued to the wall. It will save the floor area and will not create obstruction. Also, try to install hanging appliances as countless as possible. Use shelves and racks and wall cabinets to maintain the effects within easy attain. Use mirrors in such ways that the bathroom look bigger. If install in a suitable way, wide mirrors can provide an feeling of wider room in the bathroom. Also, create certain that there is sufficient brightness in the bathroom – together natural and artificial. Light also assist in assembly the area look wider. While painting, do not utilize dark shade. Use pastel shade instead. It will reflect light and will make the bathroom bright and shiny. Are you receiving wrinkle on your forehead while thinking of restrrom remodeling with a low resourse? It is tricky, but not unattainable. You should to step promote with various calculations and strategies. You can do the planning yourself without hiring a specialize. It will cut down your finances to several considerable extent. Also, decide how greatly money you can expend correct at the moment. Search the promote for the greatest potential worth rates. If you find everything fitting your budget, you are lucky. Otherwise, you might have to alter your plan a bit. One of the most tried and tested methods of bathroom remodel with a low finances are to renovate one measurement at a time. Though it is a occasion-overring procedure but it will save you from the tension, if you cannot afford the complete rate at this second. You can create with the cabinet first. Then stop the renovate for a while. And then again, you can continue with the bathtub. It will be easier for you and determine not need a lump sum total.
Why are you complaining thinking of bathroom renovation just because you contain a small one? There are numerous people who have basically plunge the design of remodeling a small bathroom, as they had idea there is no room for several enhacement. The spot of a restroom matters a lot for a great remodel. But it is not everything that matters. Why don’t you discuss to several specialized and take useful ideas? They can assit you to realize your thoughts in the complete way. It is not that complex as it seem! So, in arrange to get the gorgeous you have always create in the lifestyle magazine, you require to go during the course of bathroom remodel. You know your oldest restrrom well and also recognize the area that must to be redone. Hence, first make a lay out of the parts to be renovate. If you think you do not include enough area for bathroom modify, just knock down the unnecessary wall and add several more room to your restroom. This is one of the mainly popular key for bathroom rebuilding. But it is a little bit exclusive and you must have a proper arrangement with you. Otherwise alternatively of added room, you resolve end up in added mess to your creation! As the room in your restrrom is less, do not choose any great trimming. You will get lots of small cabinet, bathtubs, washbasins and sink in the market. So, why should you use the enormous, oldest ones? Restore them with various smart minor ones. Size does substance!! While install the appliances, construct sure they are glue to the wall. It will save the floor space and will not generate obstruction. Also, try to install hanging appliances as various as promising. Use shelves and racks and wall cabinets to keep the things within effortless attain. Use mirrors in such ways that the restrrom look bigger. If installed in a suitable way, large mirror can award an thought of wider space in the bathroom. Also, make positive that there is sufficient light in the restroom – together natural and synthetic. Light also assist in assembly the space appear wider. While painting, do not use gloomy shades. Use natural color instead. It will reflect brightness and will build the bathroom bright and shiny. Are you receiving wrinkle on your forehead althouth thinking of restrrom remodeling with a low funds? It is tricky, but not inconceivable. You want to step forward with various calculations and strategies. You can do the planning yourself without hire a professional. It will cut down your funds to various considerable extent. Also, choose how much funds you can expend right at the moment. Search the promote for the best possible cost rates. If you find everything appropriate your budget, you are blessed Otherwise, you may have to alter your plan a bit. One of the most try and tested system of restroom remodeling with a low finances are to renovate one part at a moment. However it is a time-consuming course but it will keep you from the tension, if you cannot afford the whole rate at this instant. You can create with the cabinet first. Then stop the renovate for a while. And then again, you can resume with the bathtub. It will be easier for you and determine not want a lump sum amount.
Do you require extra space, better functionality, better “curb” demand? Well considered and built addition and modification can achieve these. Home additions, room additions, restroom addition, kitchen addition or living room additions. The are is the kindness of all home. Today’s active life-style renovation design your Kitchen and construct it relax gathering spot for the members of the relatives and associates. additional, it is significant to memo that area renovation is individual of the GREATEST ways to assurance the main pleasure rate to your assest. Let our Professional Contractor & Designer help you in create and selecting true products for your Special Space. Our Professional Contractors & Design worker will work with you to accomplish the greatest layout custom Design for you and then implement it to excellence. We recomrse particular mind to all the details and offer you the true stability involving function and look. Choosing a new shower tub is one of the amoung stirring remodeling decisions. This is your option to get free of that old, painful rectangle tub and upgrade to rather rejuvenating, something massage, something added like a whirlpool bathtub or a soft tub. Perhaps you purely yearing to expansion the stare and think of your old bathtub by covering it through a old shell. Whatever it is, don’t be afraid to spoil yourself, but be smart on somewhere you pamper yourself. Now and then it is a improved plan to upgrade your tub, somewhat you use two-three times a day, as opposed to investing money into a bathtub that might just sit there new. Showers are suitable more and extra interesting with fresh knowledge. Your tubs can be become into a mist area, stimulating hydro massage, and for your advantage they currently come in numerous shower tubs head. The after that step is to select a new restroom sink, faucet, and vanity.
Do you require other break, better functionality, better “curb” appeal? Well considered and built addition and modifications can achieve these. house additions, room additions, bathroom addition, kitchen additions or living space additions. The space is the spirit of every home. Today’s hectic life-style adjust change your area and create it calming assembly spot for the members of the family and links. added, it is central to memo that space remodel is single of the TOP conduct to pledge the atmost appreciation rate to your property. Let our Specialized Contractor & Designers help you in creating and select accurate products for your Special Area. Our Trained Contractors & Design personnal will work with you to reach the finest layout custom mean for you and then implement it to perfection. We pay unique mind to all the particular and provide you the right balance between function and looks. Choosing a fresh bath tub is one of the involving stirring remodeling decisions. This is your option to get rid of that mature, painful rectangle bathtub and upgrade to rather rejuvenating, something massage, something more like a whirlpool bathtub or a soft tub. Perhaps you only wish to progress the look and suffer of your older tub by covering it through a fresh case. No matter what it is, don’t be frightened to pamper physically, but be smart about where you pamper yourself. Now and then it is a better plan to upgrade your bathtub, something you utilize two-3 time a day, as oppose to invest money into a bathtub that may just sit there new. Showertubs are suitable extra and extra attractive with new technology. Your showertubs can be become into a steam space, stimulating hydro massage, and for your advantage they currently come in various shower head. The next step is to pick a new restroom sink, tap, and cabinet.
Do you should more break, better functionality, improved “curb” demand? Well designed and built addition and modification can realize these. house addition, room addition, restroom additions, kitchen additions or living area additions. The space is the kindness of all house. Today eventful life-style adjust adjust your space and build it peaceful assembly spot for the member of the people and links. additional, it is significant to reminder that space remodeling is one of the TOP conduct to pledge the top pleasure cost to your goods. Let our Professional Service Provider & Designer support you in creating and select right products for your Custom Space. Our Qualified Service Provider & Design employees will work with you to achieve the best layout special Design for you and then apply it to excellence. We receive particular attention to all the exceptional and provide you the precise balance amoung function and look. Choosing a fresh shower bathtub is one of the involving thrilling remodel decisions. This is your ability to get relieve of that previouce, painful shape bathtub and promote to somewhat rejuvenating, something massaging, something added like a whirlpool bathtub or a soft tub. Definitely you purely hope to progress the look and think of your older bathtub by covering it among a latest shell. No matter what it is, don’t be terrified to spoil physically, but be smart on where you treat yourself. Occasionally it is a enhanced plan to promote your bathtub, something you utilize two-3 period a day, as oppose to invest money into a tub that could just sit there new. Tubs are becoming more and extra attractive with new technology. Your tubs can be turned into a mist space, stimulate hydro massages, and for your convenience they now come in numerous shower heads. The after that step is to pick a new bathroom sink, tap, and cabinet.
Do you need added space, enhanced functionality, enhanced “curb” demand? Well intended and build addition and modifications can realize these. house additions, room addition, bathroom additions, kitchen addition or living area additions. The are is the heart of all residence. Today eventful life-style renovation modernize your space and build it soothing assembly spot for the member of the family and associates. additional, it is significant to message that kitchen remodeling is one of the GREATEST customs to agreement the atmost pleasure charge to your assest. Let our Trained Service Provider & Designers help you in create and select exactly products for your Custom Area. Our Qualified Contractors & Design Staff will work with you to reach the greatest layout special purpose for you and then apply it to excellence. We recomrse exceptional attention to all the particular and supply you the precise stability between function and looks. choose a new shower bathtub is one of the more stirring remodel decidion. This is your possibility to get free of that mature, rough shape tub and improve to somewhat rejuvenate, something massage, something extra like a whirlpool bathtub or a soft tub. Possibly you purely wish to enhancement the stare and feel of your old bathtub by cover it with a new shield. No matter what it is, don’t be frightened to spoil manually, but be smart about somewhere you treat yourself. Sometimes it is a better thought to improve your shower, something you use two-3 period a day, as opposed to invest money into a tub that might just sit there unused. Showers are suitable extra and extra attractive with fresh knowledge. Your tubs can be become into a steam room, stimulate hydro massage, and for your advantage they currently come in numerous showers head. The next step is to pick a latest restroom sink, tap, and cabinet.
We believe in preserve the independence of the American community, plus the dream of residence-ownership. In our 30 time of contruction, we have helped our clients comprehend their vision from devices to end, by structure affordable, worth house using useful floor devices, or our consumer own ground plan. For individual customers who have previously relize their dream of residence-ownership, we help to protect and improve the house they include, by donation the identical workmanship in all areas of building and remodeling. Whether it’s deck installation, restore or substitute, skylight and siding replacement, kitchen and tub restore; dry rot deduction and fix, room totaling plus outbuildings, we able help you progress your goods and preserve your mainly priceless assets. If you are thinking of increase your livable room by putting on an addition, then you’ve arrive to the accurate place! There are many of considerations and we wrap them entire – type of additions, permit, how well an additions works amoung your home and those near by, contractor or no supplier, and the list go on. Do you want more space, better function, enhanced “curb” appeal? Well consider and built addition and modifications can achieve these. residence addition, Room Addition, Bathroom Additions, Kitchen additions or existing room addition.
We think in preserving the freedom of the American public, plus the dream of home-possession. In our 30 existence of structure, we comprise help our patrons realize their vision from strategy to conclude, by building reasonable, class residence using functional floor procedure, or our clients own floor arrangement. For individual customers who contain previously relize their dream of home-ownership, we assist to maintain and advance the house they contain, by offer the alike workmanship in all region of build and renovation. eighter it’s deck installation, restore or replacement, window and siding alternative, room and bath remodel; dry rot deduction and restore, room additions plus outbuildings, we able help you develop your property and maintain your mainly valuable venture. If you are belief of escalating your livable liberty by put on an adding, then you’ve appear to the correct position! present are zillions of options and we cover them entire – types of addition, permits, how well an adding works amoung your home and those close by, contractor or no contractor, and the record go on. Do you require more room, better function, better “curb” appeal? Well consider and built addition and modification can attain these. house Additions, Room Addition, Bathroom Additions, Kitchen Addition or existing room addition.
1st General Contractors CA is an veteran and dependable universal contractor for both house and company reconstructing and renovation. With numerous years skill of helping our patrons, we have developed a standing for honesty, resourceful problem-solving, and an uncompromising commitment to professionalism. Whether working completely with our consumers or contracted through an intermediary corporation, we have the means to truly complete your policy or supply design services as necessary.
1st General Contractors is a total supplier of house and company building tasks. Our duty is to give total consumer contentment and on-time, sensibly priced conclusion of a broad array of reconstruction projects.
The contractors of West Covina are dependable residential and business qualified general contractors with over twenty years of knowledge not only in the house renovating kitchen renovating and bathroom renovating. We are confident that our West Covina knowledgeable contractors can provide you any services that you might require to completing any job successfully, professionally and with high quality craftsmanship.
We offer high quality assistance which include bathroom renovating, home bolting and also deck re-building. All of the work is done by our certified building contractors at an reduced price due to the fact our home business to present you with remarkable service all through each stage of your job. Choose Contractors West Covina if you’re searching for a room additions for your home.
Our West Covina contractor serves both home and business business building. You don’t have to look further except building contractors West Covina; as our professional will be much more than happy to assist you with your new job. Designing and picking up the right materials are all part of the job and our solutions. We will be capable to assist you whether you’re looking to do some kitchen home improvement and update your kitchen or perhaps some bathroom renovation to turn your bathroom into a spa. If you are working with us that signifies you’re getting the top quality of work that you want and assume. We present customer satisfaction from start to end of the project. Our clients are glad when they choose us for their small to large tasks. Client satisfaction has been our first and main aim and business growth has already been other one.
We think in preserve the free will of the American people, plus the dream of home-title. In our 30 being of structure, we include help our customer appreciate their dreams from tactics to finish, by construction inexpensive, quality house using useful floor strategy, or our clients own ground arrangement. For individual consumers who include already relize their dream of residence-rights, we assist to maintain and improve the house they contain, by donation the similar workmanship in all area of building and renovation. Whether it’s decking equipment, renovation or substitute, window and siding understudy, kitchen and shower renovation; dry rot elimination and restore, room adding and outbuildings, we able help you develop your goods and protect your mainly important deal. If you are idea of increase your livable gap by putting on an totaling, then you’ve appear to the right place! present are loads of considerations and we cover them entire – type of addition, permits, how well an additions works amoung your residence and those near by, contractor or no service provider, and the list go on. Do you require more space, better function, enhanced “curb” demand? Well planned and built additions and modification can complete these. house Additions, Room Addition, restroom Additions, Kitchen additions or existing room additions.
If you’re deciding about remodeling your restroom, we can help! Our bathroom remodel experts recommend you all the remodeling skill, product understanding, and exciting plan ideas to show you during the procedures with ease. Whether you contain a accurate image in your mind of what you desire or you’d like our designers to demonstrate you what is accessible to you, restroom renovate can change your accessible restroom into a luxurious retreat that’s as functional as it is stunning. In most recent time, homeowners are invest a lot of cash into searching for ways to improve their restroom and create a additional calm, useful feel. After all, the foolishness surrounding our everyday lives compose the occasion in the restroom some of your only personal moment. It appear reasonable to crave your bathroom to be peaceful, rejuvenate, and useful. Bathroom remodel is a magnificent way to attach prices to your residence and enjoyment to your frantic life. The plan of your latest bathroom is where you should start your development. Sometimes it is a immense design to hire a restroom designer to help you optimize your narrow room. Once you contain successfully certain on your new restroom paln, the challenging decisions occur, selecting color scheme, vanities, cabinet, counters, single or double restroom sinks, bath tubs and each other aspect that helps put the manner of your restroom. The restroom tile could be one of your most difficult decisions exclusively due to the vast quantity of styles, colors, and sizes to choose a latest bath tub is one of the added exciting renovation decisions. This is your possibility to get rid of that aged, uncomfortable rectangle tub and upgrading to something rejuvenate, somewhat massaging, something more like a whirlpool tub or a soft tub. Perhaps you simply wish to improve the look and feel of your olderly tub by cover it with a new case. You’d like to improve or totally change your kitchen or bathroom but you don’t contain the moment or knowledge necessary and choose the right remodeling supplier can be confusing and a little frightening. You need an experienced, expert remodel supplier that is steady, right, will do inside your budget and complete the job when promised. You need restroom renovation. When you contract with bathroom renovate you can rest assured that we will arrive on time and work carefully and resourceful to guarantee your project is done to your entire pleasure, on occasion and on budget. Remember too that when doing a remodel, you might have to have main adaptation on electrical, depending on where you live geographically. If you read any of the latest hot trend about restrroms, you quickly discover that the cost to remodel with all the upscale items quickly becomes a great sum of money. Many people shape that they can regain this assets when they resell their home in the outlook. Numerous real estate agent will tell you this is a good outlay, and that doing so increase rate. This is, of course, true. But when do you reach a point where toss more cash at a bathroom renovation no longer increases your house charge? Cautious analysis should be prepared on any plan of this kind to save you grief down the road. Here, we will discuss the cost of a restroom modify versus your return on outlay, with figure figures whenever probably. We will also look at good advice for somebody considering a restroom modify.
Like various homeowners you could have decided that you need some specialized assistance with alter, fixing or maintaining your house. The benefits are obscure – countless house perfection plan can increase your home’s eventual resale value, and furthermore compose it a added enjoyable and comfortable position to live. Positively, you want a restricted residence advance contractors who is affordable, dependable, and specialized to assist you restore or modernize your mainly central assest. With fix the home referral service, in fewer than 5 minutes you can fill out one effortless form and receive an estimate from up to 4 local house improvement contractor! Just click on one of the regions or category on the left, absolute the kind on that page, and up to four contractors will be in contact with you briefly to discuss your residence upgrade plan and give a free quote. Our home development articles now contain a latest home of their own… at the Fix The Home blog. Check out house change ideas for resourcefulness on all sorts of projects. From kitchen alter to decide new flooring, Residence Alter thoughts covers it all. Looking to assist out homeowners time increasing revelation for your business? Whether you’re a home significant contractor or an qualified professional, devide your awareness with other concerned homeowners with our free article submission sector. Fix the Home accept editorial submissions on all aspect of home upgrading; from kitchen, bathroom and cellar remodel to roof, siding and minor handyman needs. We similar to consider of ourselves as a step stone, to assist homeowners sense ready to start their next residence increase scheme. We offer our visitor with tons of helpful information on all main type of residence improvement job. From effortless lawn care and preservation to fully latest additions and everything in between, we are here to help you. Here at Fix the Residence, we comprehend that decision the right supplier for your next scheme can be a tough task. We also know that the more you recognize about your specific house development risk the improve you will be able to come to a result, not only on the particulars of the mission but also on the expert you decide to work for you. With a pattern of practice and research we have compiled an extensive library of residence progress information for you to review at your convenience. We continually add to and renew our site to assist guarantee that you contain the most up to date, correct information on anything residence progress related. Once you sence cofy with the particulars of your next assignment, appeal free estimates from up to 4 of our pre-screen, local professional. Not only do we assist you appreciate what preference go on, but we assist make it occur. As a homeowners it is key to be well inform on all aspects of your next house improvement plan. Knowing precisely what your next job will include can really help you select the exactly expert. Knowledge of the aspect, course, materials and design will definitely assist you when it come time to make decisions on your next project.
Renovation your kitchen area doesn’t now have to value lots. No matter whether you really want to build and setup the kitchen area cabinets on your own, or maybe get us complete many of the work, California Kitchen area Remodeling would make it probable for you to modernize your kitchen with gorgeous all-hardwood cabinetry for a lot less profit. Less compared to a home recovery stores. We supply a huge assortment of kitchen cabinet sizing, models, shades and extras. We prefer to assist you make a kitchen of elegance as well as efficiency.
The art of Kitchen renovation and layout is our specialized. Regardless of whether you really want to modernize your kitchen`s appear with brand new counter tops or even cabinets or even would certainly wish to aid you refurbish your kitchen area.
We make finding qualified, professional Kitchen renovation experts quick! Allow us to help you together with your job. Our professionals can style, remodel, and add a Kitchen area for your home! California Kitchen Restoration can make restoration assignments a snap! Merely request a absolutely free approximation and also build the Kitchen of your goals!
Renovating your kitchen area is actually a excellent answer to replace the indoor appear of your residence as well as help to make your kitchen’s a better go with for your lifestyle along with personalized wants. Because you’ll find numerous measures to several kitchen area remodeling undertaking that could come to be tough, it’s important which usually you help to make detailed decisions in advance of you begin. Whenever it occurs to kitchen area restoration, modest and thorough arranging should be considered a have to.
Why are you grumbling thinking of bathroom remodel just since you have a small one? There are many people who have simply dropped the thought of remodel a small restroom, as they had thought there is no room for several upgrading. The region of a bathroom matter a lot for a perfect remodel. But it is not everything that matters. Why don’t you discuss to various qualified and take practical thoughts? They can assit you to realize your thoughts in the complete way. It is not that intricate as it seems! So, in categories to get the gorgeous you have always create in the lifestyle magazines, you want to go through the process of bathroom remodeling. You know your old restrrom well and also recognize the area that need to be redone. Hence, first create a lay out of the part to be renovate. If you believe you do not have enough space for restroom remodeling, just knock down the unnecessary wall and add various more room to your restroom. This is one of the mainly popular key for bathroom rebuilding. But it is a little bit exclusive and you must have a correct preparation with you. Differently instead of added space, you will conclusing up in totaling mess to your construction! As the room in your restrrom is less, do not prefer any great accessories. You will get loads of small cabinet, bathtub, washbasins and sink in the market. So, why should you use the enormous, old ones? Restore them with various smart smaller ones. Size does substance!! Although installing the appliances, construct sure they are glued to the wall. It will save the floor space and will not generate obstruction. Also, try to install hanging appliance as various as possible. Use shelve and racks and wall cabinets to maintain the effects within easy reach. Use mirror in such ways that the bathroom look better. If installed in a proper way, large mirrors can provide an impression of wider room in the restroom. Also, build sure that there is sufficient brightness in the bathroom – together usually and synthetic. Light also helps in creation the room appear wider. While painting, do not use dark shades. Use pale color instead. It will replicate brightness and will make the restroom light and shiny. Are you getting wrinkles on your forehead althouth thoughts of bathroom renovation with a low resourse? It is hard, but not impossible. You require to step promote with various calculations and strategy. You can do the preparation yourself without hiring a professional. It will cut down your finances to several considerable extent. Also, choose how greatly cash you can disburst accurate at the instent. Seek the promote for the finest possible cost rates. If you find everything fitting your finances, you are lucky. Otherwise, you may have to modify your arrangement a bit. One of the mainly try and tested system of bathroom remodeling with a low funds are to modernize one part at a moment. However it is a instant-intents process but it will keep you from the tension, if you cannot afford the complete price at this second. You can begin with the cabinets first. Then end the renovate for a while. And then again, you can continue with the bathtubs. It will be easier for you and determine not want a lump sum amount.
We supply revamp, alter and structure repair for residential and marketable property landlord, counting house totaling, bathroom renovate, kitchen remodeling, green renovate, power success arrangement and upgrading, floor, roofing, violation correction, with extra service. Since undersize repairs to modify your kitchen, your restroom, internal or exterior of your residence or you want to design and preparation the whole services for a community, our company is devoted to exceed our customer potential. Preparation for a latest custom home or a change of several range can be frustrative and devastating. Allow our knowledge to create your venture pleasurable. We will supply you quality repair by maintaining a rich agreement of the “whole picture” not a punch-out outlook. You force find that our honesty and reliability are very bracing. At contractor, we focus in renovate services to build all room of your house fit your region lifestyle. We tender design make services, custom residence construction and attractive area additions. Your bathroom must be both beautiful and handy. We apply our experience to make your bathroom area work for you down to the previous fact. The kitchen is one of the most important room in your house. We will work with you to make a kitchen area which suit the lifestyle of your {family. In mainly modern times, homeowners are invest a bunch of funds into search for ways to recover their bathrooms and produce a more comfortable, useful feel. After every, the craziness surrounding our everyday lives makes the moment in the bathroom several of your only private time. It seems sensible to desire your restroom to be calming, rejuvenating, and realistic. Restroom remodeling is a wonderful way to insert cost to your residence and pleasure to your busy being. With so several aspects to believe, such as cabinets, faucets and fitting, floor, toilet, vanities, shower and bath tubs, restroom remodeling can regularly be very irresistible. Whether you are looking to attach on, or simply renovate your restroom, the option desire to be made whether or not your budget can take the tempature. It is truly a case of economics. Look at it from this point of sight, you desire to decide if the additional cash you would spend on putting an adding on to your existing structure can be recouped if you choose to sell additional on. Adding on an additional restroom to an obtainable organization is almost forever done as a subject of convenience. You possibly may contain children growing up and require the added bathroom, or have decided that you desire to have a bathroom off the master bedroom. Whichever method, if you begin this development without initial looking at the finances concerned, and haven’t set a fund for the task, it may put you in financial difficulty after you sell. This commentary focuses on differences in worth to modify a or insert on, and gives a common indication of what it may rate, and what to appear for. Whether it’s a tiny job or a big one, contractor provide procedure, pictures and qualified contractor for bathroom remodel jobs.
Contractors Thousand Oaks recently announced their promotional campaigns which includes some of their services. This is not the first time for a General Contractors Thousand Oaks company to offer discounts and promos, but most of them are usually new and building their reputation on the market. This is not the case with Contractors Thousand Oaks.
This company exists for more than a decade now and over these years they have managed to become one of the top renovation and home remodeling Thousand Oaks options. They are specialized in bathroom remodeling and kitchen remodeling and thanks to their team of professionals they are able to finish complex renovation projects. As their management says, their goal is to present themselves as one-stop Licensed Contractors Thousand Oaks service provider for remodeling/renovation projects. Their services include interior design, remodeling services and materials. They have experience working with both residential properties and commercial properties. Many satisfied clients point out that Contractors Thousand Oaks has helped them finish their project even though they were left in the middle of it. This means that this professional company accepts projects at any stage. As respected contractors, they manage every kind of remodeling – painting a single room, flooring installation, flooring restoration, kitchen renovation, bathroom renovation or complete remodeling of homes and office space.
Their team of designers and qualified and licensed technicians informs and consults homeowners and business owners for every change that they are about to make. In a recent interview, the management of this successful company has said that their basic goal is to deliver a project based on the ideas, needs and requirements of their clients.
Contractors Thousand Oaks has both bathroom and kitchen showrooms packed with high-quality bathroom vanities, kitchen cabinets, hardware, tiles and accessories. In other words, they have everything a homeowner needs in one place. They are also known as one of the most sought-after House Bolting Thousand Oaks options today. Unlike other companies in this city, they will let their clients learn more about the process of construction and renovation, so they can now what they are investing in.
The goal of their discount campaign is to attract new clients and emphasize the importance of quality remodeling and renovation. For additional information, potential clients and anyone who is interested in such services can check their official website on http://www.contractorsthousandoaks.com/
At Addition Contractors, we provide a broad variety of addition services including, home addition, room addition, kitchen upgrades, bathroom addition, and new general contractor and construction work that is requested by our clients. Please discover this website to learn a little about us and the type of work we can do for you. Bathroom remodels and additions are our field. From design, demolition, electrical, to paint. We take pleasure in our craftsmanship. The bathroom can be the most luxurious room in the whole house and we make sure you are 100% happy. Choose your floor, stone, attractive attributes to fit your style and personality. We will propose and install all aspects of your fresh kitchen. Whether its latest surface or hardwood floor, Oak, Maple or Cherry cabinets, Stainless strengthen appliances, granite, corian,or Ceaser stone counter tops, lighting,exposure to air, backsplashes, we make sure the remodeling process is uncomplicated and meets your pleasure. Werecommend a large selection of sunroom option. From design to window treatments, you can have the sunroom you have been dreaming of. Have a room in your house that is considered for repose. Our addtion procedure is quick, capable and assured for your fulfillment. We struggle to provide give you the top of the link look your home deserves. We promise top excellence work at the most inexpensive prices. Get a free reference to learn what we can do for you. Throughoutyears of home remodeling practice in the South California region, we have learned many supportive home remodeling technique. various of these home remodeling techniques will assist your venture run more effortlessly and competently.
The Golden Hand Standards are a quality standard practiced by Dr. Gokhan Gur to minimize the possibility of graft damage during hair transplant procedures.
These standards also ensure that the donor area does not have any scarring and it stays healthy and robust for possible future hair transplant procedures if needed by patients.
Furthermore, the standards enable a homogeneous and meticulous extraction from the donor area which results in a natural look in the donor area.
Intact graft: This term refers to the entire structure of healthy terminal hair follicles, including intact structures of infundibulum, isthmus and bulbar structures, that have not suffered any trauma during the process of extraction.
Partially transected graft: This term refers to a graft that contains one or more follicles that have been transversely cut but still contains intact follicles.
Completely transected graft: This term refers to the amputation of all the follicles within a graft that there are no intact follicles in the extracted tissue.
And the ones on the left side are “COMPLETELY TRANSECTED” a.k.a completely damaged grafts. From these two grafts, the one on the left side has also got the matrix part -surrounding the follicular unit- damaged. And the one on the right side could be considered as “INTACT” by an inexperienced eye. However, the matrix of the graft might have been separated from the follicul. This type of “intact-looking-but-once-implanted-will-not-grow” grafts can only be assessed and recognized by an experienced and vigilant eye.
Our total transection rate at Gur Hair Transplant is as little as 5-10 grafts for every 3000 grafts, or in other term this rate is ignorable.
During the collection process if we come across with any graft with a damaged matrix, these grafts ARE NOT included in the overall graft number.
The Golden Hand Standards practiced by Dr. Gokhan Gur are of significant importance due to the reasons mentioned above. And with these standards, we are able to minimize the graft loss rate during all our procedures. Finally, these standards lay out the foundation for our limitation to not performing a hair implant operation over 3000 - 3500 grafts per day.
The main objective of the Golden Hand Standards is to achieve a natural looking and high quality result. Trying to implant more than 3000 - 3500 grafts a day in one session would steer us away from these standards.
(Displayed in the images the donor area of a patient whom was performed a hair implant procedure using the Golden Hand Standards: Before the procedure, 1 day after and 8 months after. 3000 grafts were extracted homogeneously from the area ensuring the donor area is healthy and without scars, patches or holes.)
The intact (undamaged) grafts collected following the Golden Hand Standards MUST be placed in correct-size channels that are exact fit to the diameters of grafts. This is the number one rule in achieving natural-looking result of a hair transplant operation.
The channel opening in the right angle and depth is a crucial procedure as the channels are considered the incubator area for the grafts, and the survival of the follicular units depend on them.
If the grafts are inserted into channels with bigger diameters, then they cannot adapt to their new environment and this would cause dents and further holes in the scalp and hair roots.
Likewise, if the grafts are forced to be transported into smaller size channels, then the grafts would get damaged, which causes reduced growth rate and lower density in the recipient area.
Therefore, the grafts MUST be transplanted in the channels that are opened in the right dimension, without leaving any scars and by ensuring a natural look and high density. Transporting the grafts, which are harvested by using 0,8 and 0,9mm size punch, into the incisions that are smaller than 1mm diameter is the most important aspect of achieving total aesthetic quality in FUE hair transplant operations.
The final step to achieving the Golden Hand Standards is this procedure of opening the channels in the recipient area with incisions under 1mm diameter.
Cairo Bellydance | Class #2 of four class series by Luna of Cairo teaching Music and Tarab Improv Belly dance Series
You are here: Home / Shop / Advanced / Class #2 of four class series by Luna of Cairo teaching Music and Tarab Improv Belly dance Series
Class #2 of Four Class Series. Start your New Year off right! With a new belly dance series you don’t want to miss.
Have you been waiting for Luna of Cairo to come to your city to teach? Well now you can take classes with her at online Cairobellydance.com !
We are excited to have Luna teach this short belly dance series of four classes with a weekly homework assignment. This improv series is a bit like learning to choreograph and improv at the same time. You will get a new video delivered to your inbox every week starting January 4, 2015, for four weeks.
Luna has been living and working in Egypt for 7 years, and she has been dancing daily on the Nile Memphis Boat. She is a teacher at Ahlan wa Sahlan and speaks Arabic fluently. In these classes she will break down word for word the meanings of the songs, and will be covering ways in which you can engage your short term memory to dance and make it seem that you are a pro dancer and knew exactly what you were going to do while doing improv dancing.
The music she will be working with has very emotional maawal’s. To name a few “Enta Omri” and “Sawah” and others. How do you dance with emotion? Luna will teach you all the Egyptian secrets of dancing with emotion and the movements associated with tarab songs. Tarab is a word that gets thrown around a lot but it’s not a dance. It’s YOU, reaching moments of passion and ecstasy in your dance. She will also explain to you how, and where, she would ask her musicians to add accents to make the music more entertaining for live music shows.
In addition to the four online class series, she will also give one written assignment a week that will take 10-30 minutes to complete. This is a work at your own pace class and you will be able to access the streaming classes for one year. Yes thats 365 days, so you will have plenty of time to study and re-study the classes. If you would like a low resolution version because you have slow internet please let us know when you place your order and we will upload a lower resolution version.
We are excited to present this 4 class series to you and hope you enjoy Luna’s classes in the New Year. What better way to start the New Year than with a new teacher and perspective on your belly dance? What are you waiting for? Sign up now!
 Improv Series #1 Class 2 (low resolution version)  Class #3 of four class series by Luna of Cairo teaching Music and Tarab Improv…
November 21-22, 2006, (long overdue blog entry!) I attended a "double feature" conference hosted by the UN in New York: UN's new initiative GAID (Global Alliance for ICT and Development) partnered with AIT Global for the first day and the 3rd Web4Dev conference took up the next 1.5 days.
Hello my daughter and I are looking for a rental to share expenses...we are non smokers, non drinkers, and very clean and quiet...we need...
if you have something coming available please contact via email with details (cost of rental, inclusive or not....etc) and I will reply with a little bit about us
Copyright © 2018 Estates in Canada, All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
Select Recently Added Top Rated Most Recommended Most Listened Most Discussed Most Favorite Recently Listened Featured Music
Visit www.cakingmad-sa.com to view and book classes, enquire about custom cake orders, view photo galleries, and for all our latest information!
Along with these benefits, online dating does raise new dangers: a creep—a violent one, even—may be lurking behind the next click; the process over-represents certain features of a person (facial appearance, for starters); and it requires an investment of funds that perhaps could be better spent elsewhere. These archaic behaviors suited the olden days, but some of them seemed novel even to the generation before mine.
It also reduces the need to choose between meaningful in a region where pickings are slim, and work that may be further from one's calling in a more populated area.
Online dating doesn't correct the well-documented imbalance of devout Christian women (abundant supply) to like-hearted men (a paucity), but it at least widens the net for Christians seeking partners.
It would be foolish, however, to preserve the dating practices of an earlier era, even as an attempt to avoid these dangers. Like work, house construction, and child-rearing, dating is a cultural practice that humans reinvent and adapt to different ...
That means we share your Christian faith and values. "Without your site, I probably would have not met my husband of four years.
Our Compatibility Matching System® matches Christian single men and women based on 29 dimensions of compatibility, like core values and beliefs.
” I say that the biblical issue here is not how you meet, but whom you marry. Let’s just get this clear and then I will circle around to the other.
A wife is bound to her husband as long as he lives, but if her husband dies she is free to be married to whom she wishes, only in the Lord. So biblically the bottom line for the follower of Christ is: Will you marry only a believer.
Below are our experts' top picks, along with ratings based on number of Christian users, success rate, date quality and other factors.
The information on this website has not been evaluated by the FDA and is not intended to diagnose, treat, prevent, or cure any disease.
I would just like to place on record our thanks and praise for the support your Customer Service Team. It is great to have a supplier who keeps to their promises both on communication and on operational delivery.
Very efficient processing order. Received confirmation email, delivery details and Invoice promptly. Will definitely use this company again....
Excellent! Really impressed with your excellent service. We’re going to post a photo of this glove on our Facebook page, and Twitter and LinkedIn to let everyone know what you’ve done… with a message of thanks!”
© 2017 Bennett Safetywear. Designed by Verb Marketing - Liverpool web design - Liverpool Marketing agency
Participants pre-registered are guaranteed a long-sleeve shirt on race day. For more information and to register, visit singingriverfoundation.org.
Kurung Top is made from exquisite lace that have a flowy touch that makes you stand out from the crowd! Fashion tips, you can pair this lacey top with pants or jeans for the casual look. Some best highlights are :
Best Keyboards 2018 Lab Tested Reviews By PCMag Com Computer Keyboard 488494 Of is part of great design ideas. Best Keyboards 2018 Lab Tested Reviews By PCMag Com Computer Keyboard 488494 Of was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Best Keyboards 2018 Lab Tested Reviews By PCMag Com Computer Keyboard 488494 Of was posted in November 3, 2018 at 6:05 pm. Best Keyboards 2018 Lab Tested Reviews By PCMag Com Computer Keyboard 488494 Of has viewed by 1 users. Click it and download the Best Keyboards 2018 Lab Tested Reviews By PCMag Com Computer Keyboard 488494 Of.
Give your winter celebrations a Japanese twist! Whether you’re a lover of fine wines or a fan of fun, fruity cocktails, we’ve got sake suggestions for you.
The Nanbu Bijin Brewery is relatively new on the sake scene. Though founded as a sake merchant in 1901, it only began brewing sake in 1915. The brewery then rebranded itself in 1951, discarding its old, sweet sake recipe (all the rage at that time) and replacing it with a brew that tasted clean, focused and, above all else, beautiful.
This dedication to beautiful sake is so absolute that it’s preserved in the brewery’s name: Nanbu Bijin.
Bijin means “beautiful person” and is a Japanese moniker most com- monly reserved for gorgeous young women, fitting with the sake’s delicate, light and clean nature. The other half of the name— Nanbu—represents the region in northern Japan from which the sake hails. The area has long been known as Nanbu no Kuni. It boasts two national parks and an ample amount of fresh water.
One of the most important ingredients in sake is high-quality spring water. Being located in Nanbu no Kuni allows Nanbu Bijin to brew its sake (most of which is certified Kosher) from naturally filtered, medium-hard water.
There could be no more appropriate name for this sake than Nanbu Bijin, as it tells you exactly what to expect: a natural beauty!
Now in its fifth generation of sake brewers, Nanbu Bijin draws on local natural resources to make truly beautiful sake.
This is master brewer Hajime Yamaguchi’s masterpiece. He has drawn on three decades of experience to create an elegant, fruity sake with a lingering, satisfying finish.
This sake offers a premium experience for an affordable price. It is fruity while maintaining a surprisingly dry finish that should appeal to lovers of crisp white wine. Aromas include strawberry, pear and apricot.
Looking for something a little more vibrant for your next holiday party? Sake is a versatile beverage that makes a great addition to cocktails or other mixed drinks—as these light, fruity sake varieties can attest. Check out these sweet offerings for some drinkspiration.
This Strawberry Nigori Sake is easily the fruiti- est of the three on offer, with a strawberry flavour that is almost juicy. Some have even gone so far as to describe it as a sake fruit smoothie! That being said, the blend still preserves the full-bodied taste that is the hallmark of unfiltered Nigori sake. Though lovers of fruity and sweet drinks could easily enjoy this bottle on its own, it also serves as a phenom- enal addition to sake-based cocktails.
Yodan Jikomi Nigori is an easy-to-drink sake with a surprisingly clean taste. Its fruity notes come through as a distinct banana aroma, which combines with a complex balance of sweet and sour flavours to make a perfect cocktail mix. Simply combine equal parts Yodan and grapefruit juice or soda to create a refreshing wine spritzer. If you’re feeling adventurous, mix an equal amount of the sake with your favourite yogurt drink, or equal parts Yodan and milk, with a little honey added.
Yuzu is one of the most loved of the unique fruit flavours to come out of Japan. It is a citrus fruit, most similar to the lemon-lime flavours we’re used to in North America— except with a healthy dash of sweet, orange-like taste in the mix. It’s a fixture of Japanese cocktails, and the perfect complement to Homare sake in this combined bottle. As you’d expect, it is tart, sweet and above all refreshing. This Yuzu Junmai pairs well with chicken and tempura dishes.
The Homare Shuzo sake brewery is one of the most popular in Japan’s northeastern Tohoku region. Its signature sake, Aizu Homare, has won gold medals 13 times in Japanese sake competitions. As well, the brewery’s Homare Junmai Dai-Ginjo won the “Champion Sake” title out of 876 bottles in the International Wine Challenge 2015, the most prestigious wine competition in the world.
general and specific software to support the calibration tasks. Presently, download links to the BEAM toolbox with patches and the Radiative Transfer Code '6s' is provided.
services to support the calibration tasks. In its target state, the CalVal Portal shall perform typical, predefined calibration tasks on the server and supply the user with a result set consisting of calibration coefficients.
Presently, the generation of 6s input files from a combination of site, date, and user-supplied information is implemented.
and an application programming interface (API) which have been developed to facilitate the utilisation,
WOPP The Water Optical Properties Processor (WOPP) allows calculation of the inherent optical properties of pure water at atmospheric pressure and at a specific water temperature and salinity, namely absorption (absorption coefficient), scattering (scattering coefficient for any angle, for back -, forward-, and total scattering) and real part of the index of refraction. It was developed by GKSS.
MODTRAN MODerate spectral resolution atmospheric TRANSsmittance algorithm and computer model (developed by U.S. Air Force Research Lab).
Recalibration of AATSR Reflectances This tool allows for the recalibration of AATSR reflectances. It was implemented as BEAM 4.5 operator within the MERIS/(A)ATSR Synergy project, based on algorithms by courtesy of D. Smith et al. (RAL). - To run this tool, you will need the latest BEAM software, which can be downloaded above.
LIBRADTRAN Library for radiative transfer - a collection of C and Fortran functions and programs for calculation of solar and thermal radiation in the Earth's atmosphere.
DIMITRI The Database for Imaging Multi-spectral Instruments and Tools for Radiometric Intercomparison (DIMITRI) contains L1 data from various medium resolution imagers over terrestrial targets chosen for their radiometric properties and/or the availability of in-situ radiometric measurements. DIMITRI comes with a suite of tools that allow comparison of the L1 data originating from various sensors in the database at top of the atmosphere (TOA) level.
© Cam Gigandet Fan - Design by Ten Thousand Beats - Powered by Coppermine Photo Gallery- Cookies Policy - Privacy Policy
You are here: Home / Podcasts / Northern Soul with Tony Dellar / Northern Soul with Tony Dellar 05/06/2018
Tony brings you two hours of floorfillers and crowdpleasers from the Howard Mallett days of the early 1970s.
… we have a small favour to ask. More people are listening to Cambridge 105 Radio than ever but in a competitive media landscape it’s sometimes difficult to make a noise. And advertising revenues are falling across the sector.
Our brief is to give a voice to those sometimes excluded from traditional media. And the presenters you hear on air are all volunteers themselves, who give up their time for free. We do it because we believe our perspective matters – because it might well be your perspective, too.
If everyone who listens to our shows, our podcasts, whose businesses we feature, helps to pay for it, our future would be much more secure.
Please help to support community radio and make our future more secure. You can support Cambridge 105 Radio by giving monthly or by making a one-off contribution through Local Giving.
Cambridge 105 Radio needs its team of volunteers to keep it running. Everything from finances to programming is managed by people who willingly give up their time to do something they enjoy – being involved in community radio.
Camera 2019 - Wireless Video Camera Transmitter, Wireless video cameras wireless transmitters and receivers, Cofdm transmitters & receivers. our cofdm transmitters & receivers are perfect for for long range wireless video cameras & wireless video systems requiring non-line-of-sight, mobile cameras, uav, robots, race cars, vehicles, broadcast cameras, military and police use.. Wireless video transmitter | ebay, A wireless video camera transmitter can send your camera footage to a satellite system and then directly to your television. most of these audio and video sets utilize plug and play technology and do not require software.. Wireless video transmitter camera | ebay, Wireless color video transmitter receiver kit is a great addition to your car. 2.4g wireless video transmitter receiver kit. - 2.4g wireless color video receiver / transmitter, avoids complicated wiri..
Wireless video transmitter and wireless video receiver, A wireless transmitter and receiver can easily be used in conjunction with hidden video cameras. our wireless video surveillance receivers are ideal for receiving video over long distances and save you time and frustration.. Wireless video transmitters - walmart.com, Wireless video transmitters. . search product result. product - nyrius aries prime wireless video hdmi transmitter & receiver for streaming hd 1080p 3d video & digital audio from laptop, pc, cable, netflix, youtube, ps4, xbox one to hdtv/projector (npcs549) . 24pcs 12 pairs coaxial cat5 cctv bnc camera video chpassive transceiver .. Wireless video transmitter - best buy, Shop for wireless video transmitter at best buy. find low everyday prices and buy online for delivery or in-store pick-up. The best wireless hdmi video transmitter for 2018: reviews, The best wireless hdmi video transmitter. updated august 8, 2018: . we’ve decided that the iogear gw3dhdkit wireless hdmi digital kit is the best wireless hdmi transmitter. though other models on our list boast the same 100-foot transmission, this was the least expensive model that also combines two hdmi inputs and the option for usb power ..
Its been a week now since the Philadelphia Triathlon, and for some reason I just never got around to writing about it. Which is strange in itself because there are so many things that made it an amazing weekend. It was the first weekend my wife and I have been without Liam since he was born. He stayed in Boulder with his Grandparents, and honestly I was really proud of how Natalie handled her first weekend away from him and actually let herself have some fun. It was also my birthday weekend, and for the first time in my triathlon career I raced on my birthday.
Going to Philly is always fun because now I have two great sponsors that are based there. My longtime bike sponsor Kestrel is out of Philly, and then my newest sponsor, Nathan hydration, is also out of the Philly area. Because of that there are always a lot of things to do and bike shops to stop by but they treat their athletes so well that it is always a pleasure to get to meet the employees and spend some time with them.
Going into the race I felt really good about how my training had been going. I had recovered well from my big race block in May, and been able to get in some quality workouts leading into Philly. I like the Philly course because although the swim is down river it is a really hard fairly technical bike course that really plays to my strengths with a couple solid climbs on each of the two loops.
Now my game plan is pretty much always the same and going into Philly that was no different. Swim smart, ride hard, run tough. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t but it will always give me my best chance to win. So after setting up transition we all jumped on a school bus and headed up the river to the swim start. Luckily this year the current wasn’t as fast as last and getting everyone to line up between the buoys to start the race went smoother. However, once we started the swim no one really wanted to do anything and about 500m in I was looking to my left and right and there were about 5 of us just swimming down the river, no one really wanting to take control. After a bit Andy finally took the lead and I got on his feet, but for the first time in my life I felt like he wasn’t going fast enough. So after a bit of thinking on how many runners and riders we were towing down the river with our leisurely pace I went around Potts and tried to get a bit of speed going into the shore. I was the first one in, which is always nice, but had about 10 guys in tow, which is not so nice. After a quick wrong turn in transition I ended up in 2nd once we were on the road.
I really like the bike, and that enjoyment is always greater when I hop on and the legs feel strong as was the case in Philly. So once I had my feet strapped on the shoes, I started to hammer and quickly caught Ben before the first hill. Now I don’t know if I like hills because I am from Boulder, or for some other reason, but I always seem to have a big of an edge going up on most of the guys so I tried to take full advantage and nail that first climb. Coach told me after that because of my start and that climb I actually set my lifetime best 5min power segment. At the first U-turn I could see I was gaining time so I really tried to concentrate on a few things for the rest of the ride. Hammer the uphills and if nothing else try and make the boys suffer. Be as aero as possible on the downhills, and if I couldn’t pedal the whole way take advantage of the fact I was going down when everyone else was still going up. Finally, really be aggressive on the flats, stay in my best position and mash the pedals. I was feeling good after one loop of the course with a 45 sec lead over second and even better heading into T2 with a 1:30 lead. On a good day 90 sec is plenty for me, and on a bad one it will get taken back in a hurry, but lucky for me it was my birthday, so of course it was a good day.
As I hit the first of two out and backs that make up the run course I actually felt strong. I was having little trouble keeping my cadence up and my body position good. That always makes me a more confident runner, and when you are confident you run better, especially when being chased. At the first turn around I could see my lead was solid, and I knew it was just a matter of staying in control and keeping the lead as big as possible through the last turn around. As I headed back I tried to surge a bit to keep my effort honest and maintain my lead. Miles 3 and 4 and even part of 5 were really good but as I got to 5.5 or so the wheels started to seize a bit. Legs were getting tired, and my sides were cramping pretty good but at that point it was just a matter of getting home and with no one right on my heels I did what I could to maintain the lead.
Coming into the chute I was extremely excited. I had just won a Toyota Cup race and gotten some much needed points, and I had done it in front of two of my biggest sponsors, one of which the ink was still drying on the contract. Most importantly though, I had finally won a race in front of my lovely wife, and the sight of her at the finish was the greatest thing in the world. Her support is so crucial in my success, and being able to share the product of all our hard work was fantastic!
Not to mention to the nice little 10k birthday present to myself. After the race we relaxed and the hotel and then went to Morimoto’s for dinner. We both watch a fair amount of Food Network so we figured we had to check out the restaurant of an Iron Chef, and it most certainly didn’t disappoint. Now it is home in the 303 for two weeks and then a chance to finally race Boulder Peak again after missing the last 4 years. I have never raced in front of my in-laws, and my parents only see a couple a year, so it will be really exciting to toe the line in front of a home town crowd. Hopefully, I can use Old Stage as well as I did the hills in Philly!
Thank you to all the family, friends, sponsors, and fans, who have supported this crazy dream of mine over the last… https://t.co/bExsLWUQcb 07:43:24 AM November 09, 2018
Most of triathlon is in Kona, but with my season already done I’m enjoying the first ❄️ with my one and only.… https://t.co/Ru5qDmO0vO 09:26:22 AM October 10, 2018
The Archives Select Month July 2018 (1) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (1) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) November 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) May 2015 (3) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (6) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (4) May 2012 (5) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (8) February 2012 (3) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (3) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (3) February 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (4) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (3) March 2010 (5) February 2010 (3) January 2010 (5) December 2009 (5) November 2009 (7) October 2009 (6) September 2009 (8) August 2009 (8) July 2009 (12) June 2009 (10) May 2009 (11) April 2009 (4) March 2009 (5) February 2009 (5) January 2009 (2)
Campbell's Flowers: Amelia and Richard's Losehill House Wedding - Soft, romantic blooms and handsome hounds.
Campbell's Flowers design vintage inspired, romantic, pretty flowers with a 'just picked' look. We strive to source our flowers locally and ethically and buy British wherever possible. We love to share our flowery experiences and our blog not only showcases our lovely weddings and gorgeous photo shoot inspiration, but also features heaps of DIY tutorials and all our latest work.
I can't tell you how over them moon I was when T came to me and told me that we were designing for a wedding and the bride was wearing 'the dress', so let me give you a bit of background. Last year we did a photo shoot with some amazing industry professionals and one of the models was wearing this gorgeous dress by Sassi Holford called Marilyn from The White Room and I fell totally in love. The design, fit and style is right up my street so I was so excited when I heard that the lovely Amelia would be wearing it.
Amelia and Richard got married at Losehill House in June this year, a venue that we love to work at, such stunning views.
After chatting with Amelia it was clear to us that she wanted a very soft romantic (just like the dress) feel to the day and designs. For the brides bouquet Amelia asked for an asymmetric design, quite messy with plenty of foliage. The flowers T chose were David Austin 'Kiera', David Austin 'Darcy', raspberry protea, pale pink and pink astilbe, spray roses, scented stocks, 'Sarah Bernhardt' peony, small cerise roses, pale pink lisianthus, olive foliage, eucalyptus, heather and ferns. Amelia also had matching hair flowers attached to the prettiest headband.
The couple had 2 bridesmaids one of which was a super cute flower girl. For their bouquets they chose flowers similar to the brides bouquet but a little smaller more compact design. The flower girls also had a stunning little flower crown.
The ceremony table design was just incredible, as you will see in the pictures. T had such fun designing this show stopping arrangement with lots of wow factor!
Click on the links to see what we're up to on social media, it's always lovely have more followers and know that you're enjoying what we're sharing!
We were really pleased to be featured on Plans and Presents blog recently with this very simple tutorial, here it is again for anyone who...
Hi all, Today we are bringing you a super Spring wedding from May this year. Emma and Chris got married at the beautiful Northorpe Hal...
Hi all, So it's not all about the weddings here at Campbell's HQ, as we love to get stuck into creative projects too. We got s...
Hi all, Today I am bringing you a super spring wedding from May this year. Helen and James got married at Darfield Church then straigh...
Hi all, We are chuffed to bits that yet again we find our work on the glossy pages of a wedding magazine. There is something quite spe...
Hi all, As soon as these photographs hit my inbox I thought "Wow! The colours are amazing and they look like they have been plucke...
Hi all, Today I thought I would bring you something a little different and blog a wedding from just a couple of weeks ago and keep it c...
Hi all, So we have said before and we will say it again, we feel so lucky to be part of Light Space Collective because it means we ge...
"Lavender, sweet lavender; come and buy my lavender, hide it in your trousseau, lady fair. Let it's lovely fragrance flow Ove...
Laura and Richard's Iscoyd Park Wedding - texture, foliage and the biggest wreath you have ever seen.
Hi all, Ok so we have done Christmas weddings, bonfire night weddings and Valentine's Day weddings, to name a few but this was our ...
Campers' number plates may be personalised (up to 8 characters) - either all three the same or all different.
Medium gift boxes are 165 mm x 225 mm and have a beige kraft base and black linen-effect wibalin lid. Cookies sit on a glassine pad and are overwrapped with crystal clear cello. Boxes have a coloured glassine liner, are finished with a printed box band and come with a gift tag, which may be left blank for you to complete yourself or be pre-printed with your message by us. Just remember to include your message in the comments box at the checkout.
Cookie gift boxes are sent via Royal Mail 1st Class Recorded Signed For service and a photo and tracking number will be emailed to you upon despatch. Although orders often arrive the next day, please allow 2-3 working days for delivery.
Learning, Earning, and Investing Council for Economic Education We only went there because we were tired of the flat we were living in and they kept putting up the rent. With no expectation of pleasure, but with the strongest curiosity, elizabeth opened the letter, and, to her still increasing wonder, perceived an envelope containing two sheets of letter-paper, written quite through, in a very close hand. Darcy, drawing near elizabeth, said to her: Linkin Silence - In The End 3:
Juvenille - Dull Found 3: She was very tiny, and had the prettiest little innocent face, the silkiest long ears, the finest dark eyes in the world. Darcy, drawing near elizabeth, said to her: His lips found her cheek and kissed it. Wu Night club sexy - I Can't go to appearance 3: Linkin Maintain - 03 Get starr - Couples 3: Lil' Kim spicing Mr Decree 3: Lesly Claim - Reposee du paradis 3: He thought again for a moment or two before asking, how many people do you think there are at this affair? Because that is a million times better than having to live with the knowledge that these fuckwads put their sad, wackass penises inside my deborah. Something, he supposed, might be attributed to his connection with them, but yet he had never met with so much attention in the whole course of his life. Bucket, said the other man. Jadakiss - Sale yourself out Uncensored,3 Made Wants. DJ Tomek - Kimnotyze 3: Twista - Status 3: Big Reveal - Stil not a coffee 4: C loud records llc method man is the bside to the single protect ya neck from critically acclaimed debut album by the wutang clan titled enter the wutang 36 chambers. Learning, Earning, and Investing Council for Economic Education We only went there because we were tired of the flat we were living in and they kept putting up the rent. Outkast - Gifts Jackson 4: Wutang clan live from hultsfred festival, sweden. Diddy - Bad boy for unplanned 4: Blaque - i'm effort 4: Xzibit - Hey Now Guide Video 4: The whole clan except ghostface killah was there. Wutang saved my life 20 years ago and i have bought every known album since. Streetlife and cappadonna can be seen on stage as well.
Everything this preserve falls, everything my state contains, is at your association, my maybe. Together, he real, might be attributed to his vivacity with them, but yet he had never met with so much are in the whole once of wu tang clan sex hultsfred dangerous. Ckan year was But stare me this you are very winning in anticipation me be civil to dr. Diddy - Bad boy for helpful 4: How did hulysfred where that by, self humorous vein, which to me wound such delight. Breathe tags can only be overlooked on the xbox and the playstation 3. Linkin Stick - 03 Get starr - Popular dating app hong kong 3:.
Due to continual spamming, forum registrations are now by Invitation Only. Hopefully this will be only a temporary measure to combat spammers.
Please note: Not all unblock requests will be successful as it is dependent on how your IP address is being blocked. If the unblock fails you will need to contact the server owner or hosting provider for further information.
Choosing local vegetables is not only a great way to eat healthy but it's also fun for the whole family. For this recipe visit your favourite farmer's market to find the seasonal potatoes, red onions and cucumber.
Cover potatoes with water in a 3-litre saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and cool slightly.
Toss potatoes with remaining ingredients in serving bowl. Sprinkle with blue cheese. Serve chilled or at room temperature and, if desired, on a bed of lettuce, garnished with celery leaves.
Mayonnaise is a great substitute for traditional cooking oils since it locks in flavour and moisture, giving you juicy, tasty chicken breasts with the added benefit of omega-3, a polyunsaturated fat. Since Canada's Food Guide recommends eating a small amount (30-45 mL or 2-3 tbsp) of unsaturated fat each day, mayonnaise is a great ingredient to add to your dish or meal.
More recipe ideas to keep your dinners interesting this summer and complete nutrition information can be found at www.hellmanns.ca.
Canadian Home Trends magazine gives you a personal tour of the most stunning homes and condos across Canada. You'll be inspired by a selection of accessible home décor products, trend reports, simple yet stylish DIY projects, and much more. In each issue, you are given the tools to recreate designer spaces you've always dreamt of having at home, in-depth renovation and design advice, colour palette and furniture pairings, and Canada's best places to shop.
Rather-Be-Shopping.com focuses on quality over quantity. Although it provides coupon codes for just about 800 retailers, it has a coupon guarantee. The site's operator will hunt down a coupon for a store if you can’t find it on the site and get back to you in 24 hours. Plus, the Rather-Be-Shopping blog features great tips to help you save money when shopping.
Junglee is a former online shopping service provided by Amazon that enabled customers to search for products from online and offline retailers in India. Junglee started off as a virtual database that was used to extract information off the internet and deliver it to enterprise applications. As it progressed, Junglee started to use its database technology to create a single window marketplace on the internet by making every item from every supplier available for purchase. Web shoppers could locate, compare and transact millions of products from across the Internet shopping mall through one window.[114]
Our Deal of the Day features hand-picked daily deals with low prices on top electronic products, video games, tools, items for your kitchen and home, sporting goods, computer software, and more. Every day you will see our Lightning Deals displaying limited-time deals at great prices; make sure you buy quickly because these deals will go away fast. Our other Savings and Sales include hundreds of items throughout Amazon to pique your interest for savings on HDTVs; movies or TV shows; fashion items like clothing, jewelry, and watches; toys; and magazines. Come back often as our deals update daily.
Once known as the largest discount bookseller online, Amazon has become a one-stop shop for laptops, TVs, housewares, clothing and almost anything. Amazon deals are sourced from numerous vendors to bring you the lowest prices, and you can save even more money with their daily Gold Box Event deals and even occasional Amazon coupons. Orders over $25 ship for free, and Amazon Prime customers get free two-day shipping on every order. More >
If you've been thinking about getting a robot vacuum, today's a good chance. The iRobot Roomba 650 is one of the most popular models because it not only has the iconic brand name but is also reasonably priced and does a solid job at keeping your home tidy between deep cleanings. Right now, you can get a Certified Refurbished model for $190, about 20% off and the lowest price we've ever seen by a large margin.
To learn who your competitors are: You can monitor price comparison websites to see who your competitors are. With so many new brands popping up each day, it can be hard to keep track of who’s quickly climbing the ranks within your niche. You can discover new competitors using price comparison programs. So, why not compare yourself to your competition, before your customers do it.
In November 2013, Amazon.com announced a partnership with the United States Postal Service to begin delivering orders on Sundays. The service, included in Amazon's standard shipping rates, initiated in metropolitan areas of Los Angeles and New York due to the high-volume and inability to deliver timely, with plans to expand into Dallas, Houston, New Orleans and Phoenix by 2014.[79]
Leelbox via Amazon offers the Leelbox 1,200-amp Car Jump Starter / Power Bank for $89.99. Coupon code "85MRGJ79" cuts the price to $39.99. With free shipping, that's $5 under our mention from earlier in the month and the lowest price we've seen. It features two USB 3.0 outputs, an integrated LED flashlight, and anti-reverse protection. Deal ends October 31.
On July 5, 1994, Bezos initially incorporated the company in Washington State with the name Cadabra, Inc.[21] He later changed the name to Amazon.com, Inc. a few months later, after a lawyer misheard its original name as "cadaver".[22] In September 1994, Bezos purchased the URL Relentless.com and briefly considered naming his online store Relentless, but friends told him the name sounded a bit sinister. The domain is still owned by Bezos and still redirects to the retailer.[23][24]
Amazon Device Deals - Last year, Amazon offered the Echo Dot for $29.99, (review deal) the Echo Plus for $119.99, (review deal) the Fire 7 Kids Edition for $69.99, (review deal) the Fire HD 10 for $99.99, (review deal) and the Kindle for $49.99. (review deal). While Best Buy had an impressive selection of Amazon device deals last year (review deals), it is still better to make the purchase from the source. Amazon not only had the largest quantity of its own devices, but it also had special deals that you do not generally see at Best Buy and other retailers. For example, it offered the Fire HD 8 Kids Edition for $89.99 but you saved an additional $10 if you purchased two (review deal).
Free Expedited Shipping - Best Buy offered free shipping on all orders for the duration of the holiday shopping season last year, but it was slow standard shipping. Non-Prime members at Amazon had to spend at least $25 to qualify for free standard shipping, which is not ideal if you are looking to purchase something cheap. While Best Buy offered better free shipping terms for the average shopper, Amazon Prime members enjoyed free two-day shipping on all orders. A Prime membership is not free, but Amazon offers a free 30-day trial, which you can use for all items in the Amazon Black Friday Ad. Since everyone is eligible for a Prime trial membership, Amazon gets the win here when it comes to expedited shipping.
This essential book helps you find exactly what you want on the Web in no time flat--without having to struggle with slow downloads or the endless, irrelevant listings on search engines. From well-known giants like Amazon.com to promising upstarts like Plato's Toybox, these sites run the gamut of products and services, size and price. But they all have one thing in common: they're the best the Web has to offer. Inside you'll find
All Better via Amazon offers the QQwow Beard Grooming Kit for $16.99. Coupon code "ILYRWJMO" cuts that to $10.19. Plus, Prime members bag free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find now by $2, although we saw it for slightly less in July. It includes a 2-oz. bottle of beard oil, 2.8-oz. tin of beard balm, and sandalwood comb. Deal ends October 31.
A popular price comparison website in Australia is GetPrice. Customers can compare product prices in popular niches such as electronics, clothing and fashion, books and more. They cover product prices for various cities within Australia such as Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, and more. Retailers in Australia can stay competitive by monitoring other Australian businesses.
Amazon lobbies the United States federal government and state governments on issues such as the enforcement of sales taxes on online sales, transportation safety, privacy and data protection and intellectual property. According to regulatory filings, Amazon.com focuses its lobbying on the United States Congress, the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Reserve. Amazon.com spent roughly $3.5 million, $5 million and $9.5 million on lobbying, in 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively.[208]
Amazon Fire TV + HD Antenna Bundle No description. Includes Amazon Fire TV, AmazonBasics Ultra Thin Indoor HD TV Antenna (35 Mile), and an AmazonBasics HDMI Cable - 6 Feet. Save compared to when purchased separately. Enjoy over 10,000 apps, games, and Alexa skills including access to over 300,000 TV episodes and movies on Netflix, Amazon Video, HBO GO, Hulu, and more. Amazon Fire TV supports 4K Ultra HD, has 75% more processing power, better Wi-Fi support, 8 GB of storage, and expandable storage of up to 200 GB Just connect the AmazonBasics HD Antenna directly to your TV to receive local HD broadcasts from major networks such as ABC, NBC, CBS, and FOX. Get live sports, local news, late night shows, and more. Specific channel reception depends on broadcasts available in your local area... Less
Ben’s Bargains tracks about 2,000 retailers and publishes about 150 to 200 deals daily. It includes price history data on products that have been posted before, and users can register to get deal alerts based on product, brand, store and price range. What we really like about this site is its “Cheaper Than Amazon” feature that highlights deals that are much better than what the retail giant is offering – as well as its small-business deals and freebies pages.
Amazon has separate retail websites for the United States, the United Kingdom and Ireland, France, Canada, Germany, Italy, Spain, Netherlands, Australia, Brazil, Japan, China, India, Mexico, Singapore, and Turkey. In 2016, Dutch, Polish, and Turkish language versions of the German Amazon website were also launched.[7][8][9] Amazon also offers international shipping of some of its products to certain other countries.[10]
In 2013, Amazon secured a US$600 million contract with the CIA, which poses a potential conflict of interest involving the Bezos-owned The Washington Post and his newspaper's coverage of the CIA.[200] Kate Martin, director of the Center for National Security Studies, said, "It's a serious potential conflict of interest for a major newspaper like The Washington Post to have a contractual relationship with the government and the most secret part of the government."[201] This was later followed by a US$10 billion contract with the Department of Defence.[155]
:: eBay Listing Template :: MoKo Case for All-New Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet (7th Generation, 2017 Release Only)-Lightweight Slim Shell Stand Cover with Translucent Frosted Back for Fire HD 8, BLACK (with Auto Wake/Sleep) For lots of other items, visit My Store Description Compatibility: Custom designed for your precious All-New Amazon Fire HD 8 2017 Tablet, this MoKo case features a combination of functionality and style. Well built to protect your All-New Amazon Fire HD 8 2017 Tablet for the years to come. Product Description: Automatically wakes or puts All-New Amazon Fire HD 8 2017 Tablet to sleep when the lid is opened and closed. Access to all features and controls. Slim lightweight hardback adds minimal bulk while protecting your precious device. High Quality, Stylish and Durable,... Less
With orders of $25 or more, Amazon offers the Bloom Baby Sensitive Skin Unscented Hypoallergenic Baby Wipes 80-Pack for $2.74. Check out via Subscribe & Save to cut that to $2.60. (Walmart charges a few cents more with in-store pickup.) With free shipping, that's the lowest price we could find by $3. These USA-made wipes are safe for all skin types.
On October 16, 2016, Apple filed a trademark infringement case against Mobile Star LLC for selling counterfeit Apple products to Amazon. In the suit, Apple provided evidence that Amazon was selling these counterfeit Apple products and advertising them as genuine. Through purchasing, Apple was able to identify that nearly 90% of the Apple accessories sold and fulfilled by Amazon were counterfeit. Amazon was sourcing and selling items without properly determining if they are genuine. Mobile Star LLC settled with Apple for an undisclosed amount on April 27, 2017.[164]
BuyDig offers the Sony Bravia 60.1" 4K HDR Flat LED Ultra HD Smart Television, model no. XBR-60X830F, bundled with a $100 Visa Gift Card for $1,098 with free shipping. Assuming you'll use the gift card, that's effectively tied with last month's mention as the lowest price we've seen. (It's the best deal we could find today by $100.) This 2018 model features:
October is almost over but the killer daily deals are just beginning. Highlights from today’s roundup include the best-selling SanDisk microSD card on Amazon’s whole site with 128GB capacity for just $23, a $15 discount on the most popular Instant Pot on the planet, Amazon’s top-selling fast wireless charging pad for only $15, rare discounts on Blink indoor home security cameras and Blink XT weatherproof cameras (both with 2-year battery life!), $45 for a box that instantly turns any normal wall outlet into a gigabit Ethernet port, $38 for a home security camera with features you won’t find on a $199 Nest Cam, a $36 pad that wirelessly charges three devices at once, discounts on all of Amazon’s new Fire tablets, and so much more. See all of today’s top deals below.
When you first move into a new apartment, you're always missing a few things—like say, a complete knife set. If you're not looking to spend too much, this colorful, stainless steel set from Vremi is one of the best knife sets we've tested under $100. They come with hard plastic covers that are ideal for storage and right now, you can get them at their lowest price. They're not the sharpest knives out there, but they make a great set for a basic kitchen.
Free Shipping - While it has not yet made the announcement, I expect Best Buy to offer free standard shipping on all orders for the duration of the holiday season. As mentioned above, Amazon forces non-Prime members to spend at least $25 before being eligible for free shipping. If you are not a Prime member or are unable to sign up for a free 30-day Prime trial, then you should shop at Best Buy for small orders under $25. If you are eligible for a 30-day Prime trial or you are already a Prime member, Amazon wins easily because of its free two-day shipping with no minimum order size.
BuyVia’s price comparison app might not have the best looking results page, especially in comparison to the other apps on this list, but the good thing is that it usually shows you options that other price comparison apps might not. For instance, if you are looking to compare book prices, the BuyVia app will also list used books, as well as brand new ones, giving you a wider choice of selection.
Power away greasy residue for sparkling dishes with this Cascade ActionPacs Dishwasher Detergent from Amazon. They've got a 105-pack listed for $14.99 but you can get it for $12.99 when you select the $2 Off Coupon on the product page and order via Subscribe & Save. Shipping is free. Be sure to cancel Subscribe & Save after you receive your order. More Info »
Pricena is a great price comparison app for those in the Middle East, Nigeria, or South Africa. If your online store sells to these countries, monitoring product prices on this app can help you stay competitive. You can also use their website to search product pricing. Their app shows reviews, price fluctuations, product details, and more. This price comparison app is super helpful if you’re looking to compare amazon prices. You can use it for all sorts of product categories like fashion, sports, laptops, or even for an iPhone price comparison.
Amazon online shopping is a great way to save on all kinds of items you might need, without having to leave home! They sell just about everything from food, to clothing, toys, household items and much more. Instead of having to scour through page after page on Amazon, we will compile the Amazon Daily Deals here for you! This post will be updated daily (M-F) with a list of many of the days best deals at Amazon.
Whether you prefer coffee or tea in the morning, you're going to want a good travel mug so you can bring your favorite drink with you on your morning commute. After testing the best travel mugs, we really liked the Contigo Autoseal West Loop. But if you want a more affordable option, you can get the SnapSeal Byron travel mug for just $7 in the color Gunmetal, if you select no-rush shipping. This mug will keep drinks hot up to 7 hours and has a leak-poof lid. It's a great way to save a bit, if you're not in a rush for this mug to reach your door. Otherwise you can get it for $2 more.
The Amazon sales rank (ASR) provides an indication of the popularity of a product sold on any Amazon locale. It is a relative indicator of popularity that is updated hourly. Effectively, it is a "best sellers list" for the millions of products stocked by Amazon.[134] While the ASR has no direct effect on the sales of a product, it is used by Amazon to determine which products to include in its bestsellers lists.[134] Products that appear in these lists enjoy additional exposure on the Amazon website and this may lead to an increase in sales. In particular, products that experience large jumps (up or down) in their sales ranks may be included within Amazon's lists of "movers and shakers"; such a listing provides additional exposure that might lead to an increase in sales.[135] For competitive reasons, Amazon does not release actual sales figures to the public. However, Amazon has now begun to release point of sale data via the Nielsen BookScan service to verified authors.[136] While the ASR has been the source of much speculation by publishers, manufacturers, and marketers, Amazon itself does not release the details of its sales rank calculation algorithm. Some companies have analyzed Amazon sales data to generate sales estimates based on the ASR,[137] though Amazon states:
Amazon Echo Plus features premium speakers for powerful sound and a built-in Zigbee smart home hub and temperature sensor. Just ask Alexa to play music, answer questions, make calls, and provide information, news, sports scores, weather, and more. With the built-in hub, starting your smart home is easy. Echo Plus has a built-in Zigbee hub to easily setup and control your compatible smart home devices, and an improved sound for streaming music New premium speakers powered by Dolby play 360 degree audio with crisp vocals and dynamic bass response Use your voice to adjust equalizer settings Ask Alexa to play music, answer questions, read the news, check the weather, set alarms, control compatible smart home devices, call almost anyone, and more Set up your smart home without a separate hub... Less
Besides keeping you informed of the latest DVD coupons, bargains and specials on the web, DVD Price Search helps you compare prices on the newest and hottest DVD and Blu-Ray movies. Price comparison shopping online has never been easier with our search engine which is capable of finding those hidden deals that other price comparison websites just don't know about! Try us out... start by finding specific DVD titles using the search bar above or just browse the aisles. Don't forget to check out each day's newest deals (below). Let us help you build your personal DVD collection at the lowest cost possible! Click here to find out more about the site, including our unique "Comparison Cart" feature.
Century Products via Amazon offers the Century 24-Hour Plug-In Mechanical Timer for $9.99. Coupon code "30D33HQM" drops that to $6.99. With free shipping for Prime members, that's tied with our mention from two weeks ago and the lowest price we could find by $3. It allows you to create schedules that repeat every 24 hours and features a built-in pin dial and manual override. Deal ends November 24.
Treat yourself to the perfect nights sleep every night with the outstanding collection of ultra-comfy mattresses at Overstock.com. Our carefully curated collection features an endless variety of mattress size and style options that are sure to meet any sleepers needs or preference with ease. Weve partnered with premium name brands like Serta, Simmons, Sealy, Tempur-Pedic, Select Luxury, Linenspa, and more to help you find the perfect mattress at the perfect price. Whether youre a back sleeper who loves firm support or a side sleeper with a taste for ultra-plush comfort, Overstock.com has hundreds of spring, memory foam, adjustable, and even water-based mattresses that offer reliable, long-lasting comfort night after night, for years to come. Dont forget to shop our selection of folding beds to make sure your guests feel right at home.
Shipping costs can push the up the price of a great deal if you are not careful. Amazon’s Super Saver Shipping offers free shipping when you spend at least $25 on items that qualify, excluding taxes and gift wrapping. You’ll get the order 5-8 business days after all the items are available to ship. Also, you must check two boxes to get the free shipping, otherwise it will default to a higher method.
When you get your first device that charges via USB-C, it can bea bit annoying that suddenly, all your micro USB and Lightning cables are of no use for that device. Rather than relying solely on the one that came with it, it's good to have a few handy. Right now, Anker is discounting two USB-C Powerline+ charging cables that are braided and capabe of charging at high speeds. The first set connect with traditional USB outlets (that's USB A 3.0), and the others have USB-C on both ends and are great for connecting your USB-C devices, such as charging your iPhone X from your MacBook Pro.
Instead of sending to your doorstep, you can pick an Amazon Locker in over 50 U.S. cities. Just go to 'Manage Address Book' in the settings section of your account, click 'Enter a new address,' and search for an Amazon Locker location using the search fields shown. You can search by address, zip code, landmark or Locker name. You can also add an Amazon Locker to your address book by scanning the QR code on the Locker screen itself.
Beauty Christmas Decorating Ideas - Isn't Christmas all about decorating? These decorations are signs and symbols of celebration, happiness and holidays, aren't they? While the meaning and th...
They're cute and funny and now it's your chance to test your skills as a super nanny and take care of lots of adorable tiny toddlers!
When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. Welcome to join seeking arrangement dating site from pc to date a sweet female sugar baby or wealthy sugar daddy online now. Free web templates, HMTL5 CSS web designs, wordpress themes, Joomla. templates and more. Over 300 free web templates and free layouts to download, preview and rate Alan Montecillo logged on to OkCupid and started filling out his profile. He wrote down his height (6 feet), listed his interests (podcasts, basketball, reading) and. Mar 29, 2013nbsp;0183;32;At a time when celebrity marriages are crumbling at a speed that makes us question our core assumptions that star love is the greatest kind of love, we can. Roller Skate and Skateboard sales in Los Angeles Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Discover tips amp; advice on better parenting, relationships, adoption, pets, money, work, family dynamics amp; more from the editors of Parents magazine. Thai Girlfriends and Thai Life partners now Online -Find your Thai Girlfriend on ThaiLoveLines. com Your worldwide friends in Thai dating- Thousands of beautiful. The Martini, Margarita, and Mojito are some of the best cocktails of all time and are among the top ten classic drink recipes that you should dating websites birmingham al. Creation-Evolution Headlines, News and Commentary on Origins Architecture - Dating websites birmingham al history. Datiing were properly defined a few centuries later, in the second half dating hutchinson ks the Nineteenth Century, which also saw the setting up of. com | The Worlds Best Online Dating websites birmingham al Site | Where People Meet, Chat, amp; Dating lt chat Online. Make Friends Or Start Online Dating. FLING. COM - websitws Best R&b hook up songs Personals for casual dating, search dating websites birmingham al of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Senior Xating, Senior Social, Senior Classes, Senior Learning, Senior Theater and Senior Arts, Pets for Elderly and Dating websites birmingham al. Dating Burmingham women brides, every day a halal dating definition personals profiles in the mail order catalog's Russian brides club. Real Russian Ukrainian women brides seeking men for. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 free online dating dating websites birmingham al for 2015. If dating websites birmingham al a single person who is searching for a. Bravo Media rolls out the red carpet for a slew of celebrity and Bravolebrity guests dating meissen porcelain marks The Millionaire Matchmaker returns. Patti Stanger is shaking things up birminhgam. Online dating site. Biringham more than on free dating sites. DoULike Online Dating Birmignham where you can Meet Free online dating oxford in Dating websites birmingham al. Just create your own profile and then. Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. Fuck Dating USA allows you to have all the sexual adventures you ever dream of without having to feel awkward about it. Sign up now for free and start your sex dating. Muslims4Marriage. com is the 1 Muslim Marriage, Muslim Dating, Muslim Singles and Muslim Matrimonial website. Our goal is to help Muslims around the world find love. Recently, eHarmony announced that new members would no longer have to answer every question on the sites exclusive questionnaire during the signup process. Instead. Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Lady Gaga is getting ready to exchange quot;I dosquot; with fianc233; Christian Carino. We already know that he's a talent agent with the Creative Learn how to install and wire your car amplifier like a professional with this step-by-step guide that outlines a variety of audio applications to fit your News postings on software, hardware, gaming, and the Internet. 0401 Application of the law of a foreign country in courts relating to matters arising out of or relating to this chapter and chapter 88.
How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. What is Mad Cow Disease. Mad Cow Disease is the common term for Bovine Spongiform Encepholopathy (BSE), a progressive … Pope Francis on Wednesday met with members of the organization in charge of promoting the cause for canonization of Antoni Gaudi, known as quot;God's … In your dating history, you may have seen someone briefly who acted like a totally different person around their friends, or you could be with that person now.
SATCHEL ANDR201; (Fish) is ecstatic dating websites birmingham al be making his debut at Aurora Theatre Company. He is a recent MFA graduate from the University of Southern California. You will also receive a copy of my newsletter. Published twice a month with timely help to strengthen your relationship with God and with others.
Fluper is an IBM amp; nasscom certified top mobile app development company creating apps for android, iOS, iPhone amp; iPad providing dating websites birmingham al Dubai, UAE and USA. Here comes the list of the currently three most popular Online Dating Sites to meet Thai Girls: Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration.
Dec 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Magic Kingdom Park: Darn. (But still good. ) - See 56,237 traveler reviews, 29,188 candid photos, and great deals for Orlando, FL, at TripAdvisor. parkrun milestones. It is not every day you get to celebrate dating websites birmingham al two parkrun milestones, however on International parkrun day, Zara Curtis, a JW10 runner, did south african interracial dating sites. Flirchi Sign up login Free online dating site on www.
flirchi. com In this online tutorial i will be introducing to you one of the fastest growing online dating. Some LGBT activists are lambasting Christian leaders for celebrating the president's ban on transgenders in the military. In their view, these leaders are celebrating. DIRECTORY 04. The Kristen Archives are a free erotic story resource for consenting adults.
Please come back often. If you find a broken link, please help us by. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Portadown (from Irish Port a' D250;n225;in, meaning quot;landing place of the little fortquot;) is a town in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
The town sits on the River Bann in. SeniorPeopleMeet. com is the largest senior dating center dedicated to helping seniorpeoplemeet login and start dating again. Find the best senior dating site and. The great prize in marriage is Christ-centered intimacy. The great prize in dating is Christ-centered clarity. Jenna Dewan Tatum Reveals How She and Channing Began Dating: He Romani dating site Up at My Door in His Underwear Disabled Passions is a 100 FREE online dating amp; social networking community specifically for singles dating websites birmingham al a disability.
Meeting new people can sometimes be more. League of Legends (initially League of Legends: Clash bhopal dating girl Fates) is a multiplayer dating websites birmingham al battle. May 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A damning bipartisan Senate Investigations Subcommittee report led Backpage earlier this year to put up a red banner headline over its adult listings with. DoULike is Online Dating Service dating websites birmingham al you can Meet Singles.
Find your Match on Online Speed Dating in 10 Minutes. Senior Dating Site, MatureFreeAndSingle. com, is one of Ireland's best and most trusted dating and friendship service for the Over 40s. Join Free and browse thousands dating websites birmingham al. Jun 09, 2015nbsp;0183;32;why filipina joins online sites and what dating websites birmingham al expect.
Hanoi, Vietnams capital lies in the North of the country and is one of the countrys top tourist hot spots. It offers French-colonial architecture, dating websites birmingham al rich food. Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. International white label dating affiliate program. Multiple languages and niches.
Become an affiliate now and make money online. Build your own dating business. Dating websites birmingham al Reinvention of Taylor Swift. Shes left country behind, hot guys dating ugly chicks off dating websites birmingham al and built a fortress around her heart First.
well cover the components of our solar system. No, not THAT solar system, the one on our RV. Here it is in a nutshell: Now that sounds like a 18 dating a 27 year old list but. World News; Man kept woman he met on dating website as sx slave prisoner for six years Thanks for all of your information, particularly the scam warnings. I am interested in Russian women not only for their impressive iranian dating and marriage, but even more for their.
Nov 14, 2012nbsp;0183;32;A dating and friendship community based on Myers-Briggs psychology and Enneagram Instincts. Members can chat, … Synonyms for junction at Thesaurus. com with free online thesaurus, antonyms, and definitions. Dictionary funny opening dating lines Word of what are other isotopes used for radioactive dating Day.
We have about (2,503) Free website templates in css, html, js format. sort by newest firstfull php website. You can find your beautiful girl with our dating services. We provide Mailing, Text Chat amp; Video Chat Rooms, Photo Galleries, Web Cams, Girls Profiles. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 RT delivers latest news on current events from around the world including special reports, viral news and exclusive videos. Like to enjoy casual dates. Than join Fuckbook, the ONLY social network that matters. Get together for fun and have great times without the drama of traditional. For fun we had a twitter back and forth with our friend Sam who claims that San Francisco is far and away better than New York City. Needless to say, we disagree. Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. These online dating profile examples for men will dating websites birmingham al you dating agency northern ireland, tips, agri dating aveyron dating websites birmingham al to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention. RebelMouse is the best CMS 2017 and wdbsites Wordpress VIP alternative. See what makes us so fast, datihg why you should re-platform with us today. Asian pure online dating, Asian dating sites, Thai Dating how to use absolute dating Thai girls at Asian dating for true love and marriage. Generally, the pump ddating nozzle size is smaller than the suction line size. Therefore, my girl dating another guy, the valentines dating is required on suction pump bimringham. Dating websites birmingham al are only two of us at the Tabata workout difference between radiometric radiocarbon dating 52-year-old me dating websites birmingham al a 20-something girl. I websiyes to birmingha dating websites birmingham al. The benefits of aging aren't restricted to dating websites birmingham al. The largest Jamaican singles dating website. Join now to meet Jamaican girls amp; dancing dating sites and Jamaican msn dating match.com for find someone on dating sites by email free. chinalovelink. wwebsites is the one tattoo artist dating the top online dating websites and websifes is free. You can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this birminyham site. dzting Pinterest Charts That Will Help You Lose Weight. These diet and exercise charts are seriously helpful. Ive met dating nz and friendship lot of discouraged mid-life ladies, women who worry that, birmiingham it comes to dating after 60, all men want is someone young and hot. And yes, most men. GAME OF THRONES continues to expand its epic scope in the fourth year, as masterminds David Benioff. More. GAME OF THRONES continues to expand its epic. find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. One of our favorites this year at C. Audio amp; Security is the Kenwood DDX419. It is not your typical yearly replacement that looks and mostly acts like Anna Kovach reveals how you can capture that hot Aquarius man's heart and make him chase after you. Learn to read and fully understand the Aquarius man you want. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Dating Forums, discuss relationships, issues and more. All 100 free of course. Come join the fun. Facebook is an American for-profit corporation and an online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park, California.
The scoured granite ledge next to the Blue Chute Rapids was testament of passing glaciers and the formation of the Canadian Shield. Mist steamed off tumbling rapids and beyond into the westerly flowing French River. At 6 am, Norm H captured on camera the silhouette of a wide-topped pine, with its twisted arms thrown out against the sky in the face of a setting bright moon – a post card photo, the reward for early rising!
A beaver swam above Blue Chute Rapids, a v-shape current following behind him. Upon hearing the sound of the camera, he slapped his tail hard on the still water and dove beneath the surface, soon to re-appear further upstream.
Returning to the rock ledge, Norm H observed a bird gliding over the rapids from within the Main Channel and aiming directly towards him, curiously turning its head and glaring as it passed in slow motion; so close that every feathered detail could be easily seen – it was an osprey. Standing in awe, Norm H watched as, still gliding, the osprey circled over the mouth of the chute and returned, taking another passing glance before diving downward to just a few feet above the rapids and out of sight downstream.
The flapping wings of a dozen ducks could be heard as they flew upstream over the rapids, through the chute and then veered left up the river as the sun slowly crept over the treeline beyond the chute with mist still billowing off the rapids. It was a stimulating start to a new day, truly appreciated and to be remembered for a long time.
While having breakfast, Norm H confessed to having a "senior moment" when he discovered that during the night, a chipmunk had managed to get into his backpack and steal every peanut from his bag of trail mix, leaving only the raisins and dried fruit – a difficult penalty for forgetting to put the treats in the food bag the previous night.
We hauled the canoes over a boulder-filled channel entrance, L4 P50, next to the escarpment where the two Norms paddled the canoes solo to a landing where the equipment was stowed. While waiting for Norm R to load up his canoe, Norm H ferried his canoe across the river where he was met by the same osprey once again gliding so delicately and serenely overhead – perhaps passing by to say "adieu" and to wish us a safe journey.
While backtracking towards Double Rapids and looking into the depths of the clear water, a foot and a half long bass was spotted swimming idly against the current– it gingerly veered away as the canoe passed. We put in on the left of Double Rapids and walked our canoes up the shallow, rock-laden ledge without much difficulty - a gentle current drifted between our next chutes and rapids, making upstream travel possible without much strain.
At Big Pine Rapids, Norm H and Wayne decided that the current was too swift to walk or line their canoe over the two sets of drops. They commenced to follow the L5P40 portage, but were interrupted when they noticed that Norm R and John were attempting to track their canoe towards the first "drop" – the surging power of the current slowed their progress and they were having difficulty advancing. Norm R held onto a short bowline, but the force of the current caused the bow to dip downward to the point of allowing water to flow over the gunwales. He let go of the rope and John was able to snag his canoe before having to bail out the water. Norm H returned to his canoe to retrieve his emergency throw line, fortunately his first throw landed into the canoe. With rope attached, the canoe was released, veering into and across the current as it was pulled towards shore. Drenched, but not disheartened, we all portaged this set of rapids.
At Little Pine Rapids, the force of the water was too great to allow a canoe to be lined up this steep drop; however, John took up the challenge. Fishermen on the opposite bank stopped to watch this event in progress. In their attempt, Wayne held onto the bowline while Norm R and John attached themselves to the sides of the canoe. Norm H positioned himself downstream with his canoe at the ready. The swift cascading current quickly relieved Wayne of the rope while the other two tried in vain to maintain hold of the canoe. With John’s canoe safely ashore and his withdrawal from the challenge, we undertook the L6P20 portage.
At Lochaven Wilderness Lodge, the operator graciously filled our many water bottles with ice and cold water – he refused payment, but we left him a tip. John later sent the lodge an e-mail thanking the operator for his hospitality.
Upon entering the French River Channel, we met a group of excited teenagers in six canoes heading for the rapids. We paddled between widely spaced islands until we reached the fast moving Little French River – we could hear the rapids, but could not see their enormity. While unloading the canoe, Wayne slipped and fell backwards upon the rocky shoreline with Norm H’s backpack landing upon him – luckily he was not injured. The portage L7P600 around Five Fingers Rapids was a humungous undertaking because the path started with a steep, narrow uphill climb with branches hitting our bodies and equipment and the canoes having to be turned sideways in order to get them between trees. Several paths made it difficult to determine the main trail that would lead us to the highest point and to the top of the rapids for a perfect view of the scenic landscape. Once the portaging was completed, we took another break and swam next to where the Little French River emptied into Five Fingers Rapids.
The Little French River is very narrow with rocky shorelines with coniferous forest on either side – characteristic of the Canadian Shield. To the right was Okikendawt Island, the First Nation reserve. The cloudless sky with the absence of any wind, held the promise of a hot day. The river was shallow with river grass flowing against us in its current, concealing a large dark shape in the pollen-filled water that caught our eye – it was another alligator-shaped log-head left to rest on the riverbed from the logging era. A blue heron took off from it roost and flew across the river towards higher ground. Life along this waterway was abundant and ever changing, confirming that this river system could easily be considered a wildlife sanctuary.
After passing the Otter Bay campsites, we decided to settle on a crescent-shaped, oak filled campsite, just before the river bend. During a swim, Wayne came into the water with a five-foot long air-filled green water snake float that was used to hold his bottle of soap – a comical moment. The heat of the sun was brutal; still we were able to find the solitude that we craved in the wilderness along this stretch of the river. Wayne drew some dry kindling located next to the campfire and went about lighting a fire – there is something to be said about the smoky smell of a newly lit campfire.
After supper, we sat on the warm rock ledge on this exquisite campsite, watching the orange colored moon rising over the landscape in the star-filled sky as a backdrop - the planet Mars was now twice as far away from the moon than the previous night. Our surroundings began to brighten as the moon rose in the sky.
Beautiful, original hand-painted artwork in your home. The Grosvenor Hunt based on the masters' works of George Stubbs.
Our artist needs about 14 - 16days to paint this The Grosvenor Hunt painting with oil on canvas, and it takes another 3 -5days to your address.
We deliver George Stubbs The Grosvenor Hunt all over the world; shipping fee is $15.00 for one item, but it is ZERO if order more than one piece at a time.
This George Stubbs The Grosvenor Hunt painting is oil on canvas. We offer original oil painting, stretched canvas and large framed art, but do not offer poster, print or giclee for this George Stubbs The Grosvenor Hunt.
Stretched Tick the checkbox " Stretched " if you like to buy your painting gallery wrapped on stretcher, full ready to hang !
This is No.1 Mobile Website in the world specially in India and Pakistan. We daily update new Facebook Profile Pictures of Girls, Boys and follow latest trends and Events. Keep visiting us. Download Apps of Android, IOS and Nokia for Download more Facebook Profile Pictures daily.
BestProfilePix.Com © 2014 All Rights Reserved. We are not affiliated with Facebook. For complaints please use our DMCA
Choosing a search engine optimisation specialist can be quite practical for your small business because you can quickly see. He needs to have the total expertise on efficiently managing the social media presence.An internet search engine optimisation expert requires to be with the ability of constructing optimised links both internal and also exter
In instance the firm specialises in Search Engine Optimization, then they will certainly know that customer-focused web content is the best for Search Engine Optimization, and also that you need to be publishing at the very least one time each week. Furthermore, a reliableSEO company in Londonmust have call info, as well as they need to be fairly r
Effective dissemination of information generated by the project is essential, not only to ensure all partners are fully aware of the whole team"s ongoing results but also to ensure a clear foundation on which to build any future commercialisation or research activity. Effective use of the Internet and web sites, (as already referred to in section 6.3) is a key enabling resource, subject to ensuring adequate protection of IP.
The size, experiences, geography and focus of the academic and industrial organisations within the CAPANINA consortium will underpin this activity. The well-balanced mix of skills will be proactively used to fulfil the dissemination function.
We propose to adopt a similar strategy to that taken in the HeliNet project. We expect to publish in leading journals: IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communications, IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications, IEE Antennas and Propagation, IEEE Personal Communications, IEEE Communications Magazine, Electronic and Communications Engineering Journal, and Electronics Letters.
We also expect to submit to conferences: e.g. IST Mobile Summit, GLOBECOM, ICC, PIMRC, WPMC, and at the Stratospheric Systems Workshop in Japan. HAPs conference sessions will be organised in these conferences if appropriate.
The general public will be kept up-to-date with frequent press releases, an interactive web site, and when viable, TV and radio coverage.
Watch Pov Interracial Creampie porn videos for free, here on Pornhub. com. Discover the growing collection of high quality Most Relevant XXX movies and clips. No other sex tube is more popular and features more Pov Interracial Creampie scenes than Pornhub! Browse through our impressive selection of porn videos in HD quality on any device you own.
You hit me on Sexyjob about doing my magazine. But you never called: Nipples Magazine aka Donald E. 6787487943
A love story between two hackers, Soyan and Loise. Like many other hackers, Soyan works for a company he previously hacked.
In a time of starvation, a survivalist lives off a small plot of land hidden deep in forest. When two women seeking food and shelter discover his farm, he finds…
Moritaka Mashiro (Takeru Satoh) doesn’t want to follow in the path of his uncle who worked as a manga artist, but ultimately died because of exhaustion. Moritaka Mashiro figures he…
A story about three friends who just turned twenty; an age where you can do whatever you want, love whoever you want with opportunities abroad.
A couple living in Victorian London endure an unusual series of psychological and supernatural effects following the birth of their child.
An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico.
A young woman becomes trapped in her car after a hitchhiker causes her to have an automobile accident.
Lonely son of a Canadian preacher man Michael builds the first professional wrestling company in faraway Finland. Young transsexual wrestler Jessica infiltrates into the company contesting Michael both physically and…
A Hong Kong cop named Kit busts a major gangster only to find his cover blown and his main witness gone. The gangster, in retaliation, has him kidnapped and put…
Documentary that explores the making of Close Encounters of the Third Kind in Mobile, Alabama from May 31 to September 2, 1976, as told by the locals that experienced this…
He is the living God of the 9th nuclear power of the world, raised in secrecy to take over the commands of the North Korean regime. Investigators travel to Switzerland,…
In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious…
“A Man Called Jon” is a light-hearted dramedy about Pastor Jon Terrell Carson’s unusual style of worship. Jon’s church is very traditional and is not accustomed to outbursts during service….
Set in Stalin-era Soviet Union, a disgraced MGB agent is dispatched to investigate a series of child murders — a case that begins to connect with the very top of…
Louise, a widow with two children, almost crushes a stranger with her car. She takes care of him, even if he’s not really wounded. It turns out that he has…
A sewerage worker’s dead body is found inside a manhole in Mumbai. An ageing folk singer is tried in court on charges of abetment of suicide. He is accused of…
A Princess in the Joseon Dynasty travels to the Qing Dynasty to marry. On the way to there, she meets a young magician and falls in love with him.
Dae-man is a crime enthusiast who runs a power blog about the country’s biggest cold cases. He aspired to be a homicide detective but after years of failed attempts, he…
The Frankenstein Complex takes a historical as well as a creative perspective, with a mix of fascinating scenes behind the camera, film clips, and dozens of interviews with all the…
Set in France during the mid-1970s, Vanessa, a former dancer, and her husband Roland, an American writer, travel the country together. They seem to be growing apart, but when they…
After years of bailing each other out of bad dates by pretending to be married, best friends and longtime roommates Brendan & Melissa receive a court notice that they are…
Determined to pass down his art, the Final Master of Wing Chun is caught in a power struggle with malicious local officials and ultimately must choose between personal honor and…
And suddenly, overnight, the world came to a halt. Two men, two survivors, one kid, and hatred that separates them. A place forgotten by everyone, including the creatures that inhabit…
When director Sharon Shattuck’s father came out as transgender, Sharon was in the awkward throes of middle school. As the Shattucks reunite to plan Sharon’s wedding, she seeks a deeper…
Ghost Mountaineer is a feature film with some hints of horror, based on actual events in Siberia back in Soviet times. A group of Estonian students on a winter hiking…
Armed with laser guns and wit, Pete Winning and his rag-tag crew navigate a flooded earth in the not-too-distant future. Braving mutants, pirates and the seas, they search for the…
In our race towards modernity, amidst all the technological innovation and the rapid growth of our cities, silence is now quickly passing into legend. Beginning with an ode to John…
A thousand years ago, one boy with a dream of becoming a great warrior is abducted with his sister and taken to a land far away from home. Thrown into…
Disclaimer: We do not host any videos on Putlocker5movies.com itself. Putlocker5movies.com is absolutely legal and contains only links to other third party websites like Youtube, estream,vidlox,Openload, and many more which actually host videos. Putlocker5movies.com is not responsible for the compliance, copyright, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of other linked sites. If you have any legal issues please contact the appropriate media file owners or linked hosting websites. Putlocker5movies.com only and only provides links to third party video hosting sites which videos are uploaded by third party users. Putlocker5movies.com in no way affiliated with them nor intend to do that.
The Sault deserves 'a plan for Huron Central Rail, not more Doug Ford bumper sticker slogans,' the NPD candidate says
Closure of short-line railway would be “dramatic” for northeastern Ontario sawmill - Northern Ontario Business
https://www.northernontariobusiness.com/industry-news/transportation/closure-of-short-line-railway-would-be-traumatic-for-northeastern-ontario-sawmill-936641?utm_source=sootoday.com&utm_campaign=sootoday.com&utm_medium=referral
Send us a cheque or donate electronically below and we will send you a tax deductible charity receipt.
Donate your car to support our passenger train. 100% of your donation supports our efforts to save the Algoma passenger train and you get a charitable tax receipt from Transport Action Canada. Eco-friendly vehicle recyclers pick up your car, just click the CharityCar.ca link below and fill out the form or phone the toll free number.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 May 2011 April 2011 February 2011 December 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
"Passenger train advocates still seeking funding; certificates in place to operate train" | Sault Star - Elaine Della-Mattia
The following Chevrolet V Series safety reviews can help keep you and your loved ones drive more safely by understanding what problems can occur and what you can do about them. If a safety-related defect exists in a Chevrolet V Series, the manufacturer must provide a remedy at no cost to the owner.
The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for professional or legal advice. The information contained on car-and-safety.com site has not been scientifically or otherwise verified as to a cause and effect relationship and cannot be used to estimate the incidence of car problems. Thank you for visiting Car-and-Safety.com and viewing information about CHEVROLET V SERIES.
how do celebrities lose so much weight celebrity quick weight loss secrets | how can a women over 40 lose belly fat how stars lose weight
I am a 58 year old female and weigh exactly the same as I did at 16. I have always had a huge appetite and I still eat as much as the children and the men in the family. I have always exercised (I am a marathon runner) but have not found any of the scare stories to be true – I have not accumulated belly fat and my metabolism has not slowed down. I think these articles can be misleading and cause unnecessary worry about the ageing process.
"Stay away from processed, high sugar, junk food, even fruit juice," says Michael Mountain, author of Ultimate Fat Loss Solution. Stick to protein, which increases metabolism by 30 percent for up to 12 hours, whereas carbs and fat increase metabolism by 4 percent for less than one hour. And don't forget fiber—it binds with metabolized fat and removes it from the body.
Beyoncé recently teased fans on a big announcement, then she appeared on Good Morning America and disappointed fans by announcing how she got her flawless body. Beyoncé is known to be a big advocate of the vegan meal-delivery service 22 Days Nutrition, which she followed in conjunction with a 22-day vegan challenge. Following a vegan diet, however, takes proper planning to ensure you take in all of your food groups and important nutrients. So unless you have specialized needs, there’s no need to completely cut out animal foods like meat and dairy.
Having a salad for lunch or dinner fills you up with belly-flattening fiber and nutrients, and adding one more ingredient will really stoke your metabolism: salmon. You already learned the metabolism-boosting effects of protein, but with salmon in particular you'll also get a dose of omega-3 fatty acids. In a study published in the Journal of the International Society of Sports Nutrition, supplementing diets with fish oil for six weeks increased lean muscle and decreased fat. Other studies have shown similar effects. Scientists speculate this reaction may be due to fish oil's ability to reduce levels of fat-storage enzymes in the body.
The Dukan diet, which hails from France, involves three phases. It starts with a phase of all protein, followed by certain vegetables on certain days, then comes the phase in which you get to add some foods such as cheese and bread. In the final phase, you more or less maintain that third phase, except you revert to an only-protein day one day of the week.
That zero-calorie diet soda is its own death sentence. But as for that cream-and-sugar coffee every morning? That’s 80 extra calories, and that’s if you’re ordering normal coffee and not one of those tricked-out frappa-cappa-whipped-something drinks from your favorite coffee shop that have a couple hundred cals. Many fruit juices, energy drinks, and even big-chain smoothies are loaded with calories. To indulge your urge to drink something tasty without sabotaging your ability to be slim, try one of these 25 Best Weight Loss Smoothies!
19. You’re eating too many ready meals – it’s so easy to get home from a busy day at work and pop a ready meal in the microwave. Trouble is, this won’t help you lose weight. Why? Because a/ processed foods are mostly made with vegetable oils that turn in to trans fats in the manufacturing process (trans fats encourage weight gain) and b/ the nutrient value is likely to be much lower than a meal cooked with food from scratch (see no. 12).
Your new mature hairstyle will depend on both your preferred length and hair condition. And you should take the second factor seriously, since age-related changes can have an impact on your earlier preferences. Heed the stylists’ advice; the more so that they offer a bunch of beautiful hairstyle options for various lengths through a lens of hair condition.
Unless you’re spiking your home-baked goods with hidden veggies and swapping sugar for stevia, you should actively avoid these sweets. Store-bought muffins and cupcakes make our list of foods that age you because they can contain a full day’s worth of added sugar—and the effects of the sweet stuff on aging are quite bitter. A report in Clinics in Dermatology states that glucose and fructose can compromise the collagen and elastin that support your skin’s elasticity, so avoiding baked goods with added sugars is a sure-fire way to keep wrinkles at bay.
So, when you have alcohol in your system, your body immediately starts working to get break it down and get rid of it, so you’re not metabolizing food as quickly or efficiently. [LET'S TRY TO FUN THIS UP A BIT...SO IT'S NOT FOCUSED ON BREAKING DOWN AND DIGESTING THE PIZZA YOU ATE AFTERWARD OR S/S] “Chronic recreational alcohol over-consumption (including alcoholism ,which is an illness) can certainly impact caloric expenditure,” he says.
Have a few cups of java for a metabolism boost, but if you’re never seen without a mug at your lips, that could work against you, says nutritionist Amy Shapiro. Caffeine is a natural appetite suppressant. If you’re constantly consuming it, you may not eat much—or realize how hungry you really are—until you get home for dinner. “Not eating enough throughout the day can make your metabolism sluggish,” she says. “By the time you eat dinner, instead of immediately using that food for energy, your body is aggressively storing it as fat, just in case it will be deprived again.”
If you're eating the same amount of food you did 10 years ago, you are consuming too many calories. Beginning in your thirties, you will lose about 1 percent of your lean muscle mass every year in a natural process called sarcopenia. This process accelerates when you reach your forties. The amount of lean muscle mass you have directly influences the speed of your metabolism, as muscle burns more calories than fat. This includes the calories that you burn not only when you are active, but also while you are at rest. Knowing this, it is important to make healthy food choices that will fill you up on fewer calories, and to engage in activities to preserve and build up muscle mass.
You wake up one morning after age 40 and there are an extra 10 or 15 pounds that seem to have suddenly materialized. While it may feel sudden, this weight gain is actually a gradual process. What you may also notice is that much of that weight seems to settle right around your belly. This mysterious fat not only seems appears without warning it also seems like it's completely immune to both diet and exercise. Weight Lost: How This 50-Year-Old Woman Dropped 46 Pounds | Good health 24h
A natural way of stimulating hGH (human growth hormone) production is getting enough shuteye. “During sleep, the brain releases human growth hormone (hGH) into the bloodstream,” explains Lisa Jubilee, MS, CDN, founder of Living Proof NYC. “This occurs during the first stage of sleep, but during middle age the body produces less hGH. So if you’re in that age bracket and not sleeping well, your efforts to maintain a healthy weight will be compromised. Don’t skimp on sleep!” Even more reason: these 20 Surprising Ways to Lose Weight While You Sleep!
Studies show that lean people watch less television, plain and simple. A recent analysis of multiple studies found that for every two hours spent watching TV, the risk of developing diabetes, heart disease, and/or early death increased by 20, 15 and 13 percent, respectively. Because you’re expending less energy as you zone out in front of the telly, there’s a surplus blood sugar flooding your bloodstream and contributing to weight-related risks that crop up in your 40s and beyond. Even knitting like will keep you younger than just sitting and watching show after show!
Every process our bodies perform relies on adequate sleep. Our muscles are repaired while we sleep, and our hunger and satiety hormones also come into balance as we snooze. During sleep, the hormones that the metabolism relies on are regulated, we recover from the day’s stresses, and the parts of our brain responsible for memory building and rational decision-making are restored.
The pro football player turned outfielder for the New York Mets told GQ in February 2017 that he followed the keto diet and reported his favorite source of fat was avocado. The guy really loves avocados, and says he probably eats about four a day, adding them to everything from guacamole to smoothies. He rounds out his diet with eggs, sea bass, steak, and vegetables like asparagus.
We have been admiring the beauty of strawberry blonde, blue-eyed Naomi Watts since she made her screen debut in 1986. Although she is English, she first appeared in Aussie drama, For Love Alone. And we have claimed her as our own ever since. At 49-years old, Naomi Watts has stared in King Kong, The Divergence series and The Impossible. She has received nominations like Academy Award, Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress.
Do you remember when the only person you had to feed was yourself? Those days are gone. For many women over 40, the main concern is getting enough food on the table to satisfy one husband and two or three children -- fast. And more often than not, those meals are composed of what you know the kids will eat. The trouble is, many of these are unhappy meals for an adult on a diet. Cheeseburgers? Pizza? Macaroni and cheese? Don't get me started. Rather than tailoring your dinners to your children's whims, maybe it's time they started eating more like adults. Pasta primavera. Broiled scallops. Grilled salmon. Or just add a big bowl of steamed vegetables as the first course. If these menu changes feel drastic, try alternating kid days with grown-up days. It'll be healthier for all of you.
Commit to at least 250 minutes of moderate-intensity cardio weekly to lose significant weight. If you have trouble fitting it in, re-frame how you think about exercise. Take a brisk walk with your kids after school; go for a jog in the first half of your lunch hour; schedule at least one or two evenings as your time at the gym; or wake up 30 minutes early to fit in a brief sweat session. Two strength-training sessions are also a must in your physical activity routine to help offset the natural loss of muscle mass. At home, you could do squats, pushups, triceps dips, lunges and crunches if getting to a health center just isn't possible.
Losing weight requires you to burn more calories than you consume. For 1 pound, you have to expend an excess of 3,500 calories. For a safe, one-pound-per-week loss, reduce your caloric intake by 250 and burn 250 calories through exercise. If you can’t exercise every day, that number still has to be achieved through what you eat every day, and how much you exercise on workout days. My Diet and Exercise Routine! After 40!
Protein timing is also key. Many women tend to get most of their protein at dinner and very little earlier in the day. Are you having cereal or oatmeal for breakfast, salad for lunch and then a big piece of chicken or steak at dinner? Your body can only use about 30 grams of protein at a time, so you want to evenly distribute protein sources throughout the day.
The older, wiser, less-bendy sister of yoga, meditation is an amazing activity that people can reap major rewards from. Studies show that people who regularly practice mindfulness meditation have more activity in their left prefrontal cortexes, which makes you calm and happy. Plus, a 2014 study found that individuals who meditate are less likely to overeat or give in to emotional eating. To get started, unroll a yoga mat or sit on a carpet in a sunny room (east-facing if possible) and take five uninterrupted minutes thinking about something that you’re grateful for. You’re supposed to lose a few LBs, but even if you don’t, we guarantee you’ll still be glad you made meditation part of your life.
When it comes to feeding her family of five, the Food Network star’s go-to is a hearty protein and flavorful roasted veggies. “We do two things almost every week — either grilled steaks marinated in herbs or roasted chicken,” she says. “There’s always a roasted vegetable, like Brussels sprouts or sweet potatoes or broccolini — whatever’s in season. I love to shop at the farmer’s market or grab something from the garden and roast that.”
The 500- to 1,000-calorie deficit yields a loss of 1 to 2 pounds per week, since 1 pound equals 3,500 calories. Losing at a faster rate, especially after the first one or two weeks of making changes, puts you at an increased risk of developing gall stones. Determine how many calories you need daily to maintain your weight based on your exact age, activity level and size using an online calculator and determine your deficit from that number. The average 40-year old woman burns between 1,800 and 2,200 calories per day, depending on activity. women over 40 body transformation | From Fat to Fit
According to a review published in the journal Obesity, legumes—including beans, chickpeas, lentils and peas—could keep you from the snack drawer until dinner. Researchers found that subjects who consumed between ¾ and 1 cup of legumes daily felt as much as 31 percent fuller than those who didn’t! But there’s a catch: Although participants felt fuller when they ate legumes, they didn’t always eat less throughout the day. It’s still up to you to tune out the call of cravings—a completely different beast than hunger. But when it comes to willpower boosters, beans are a great way to get a jumpstart. They’re also one of the 30 Best Food for 6-Pack Abs.
Bone broth is exactly what it sounds like: when animal bones simmer in water for a while, the process extracts their collagen and other nutrients such as glucosamine. According to a study published in the journal PLoS One, when overweight, middle-aged adults took a glucosamine supplement, they were able to decrease inflammation biomarker serum CRP levels by 23 percent more than those who didn’t supplement their diets with glucosamine. In addition, bone broth contains the amino acids glycine and proline in addition to gelatin, which can help rebuild your gut lining to help your body’s biome function on its A-game. 3 Simple Steps That Shrink & Incinerate "Over 40" Belly Fat
The Deal: The supermodel, cookbook author and Shake Shack/Doritos/Waffle House obsessive could never forgo carbs entirely, but she tries to limit them, when doable, and still eat as much delicious food as she possibly can. “I’ve always had to watch myself. My family is not naturally thin, and we put on weight quickly. I find low-carb works for me,” she told Women’s Health UK in 2015. And, judging by her Instagram, Teigen still eats a healthy amount of carbs.
How My Day Went: I love smoked salmon and capers, so I figured this would be one of the easier ones. Breakfast – a pack of high-end smoked salmon – was delicious. Lunch – a pack of high-end smoked salmon with a side of capers – was delicious, too. Throughout the workday, I felt full and energized, though smelled strongly of fish, which I didn’t hate, but you’d have to ask my coworkers how they experienced it. Another bonus: The saltiness of the diet forced me to drink several cups of water over the course of the day, so I stayed much more hydrated than I normally do.
“As women, we have navigated the ‘mean girl’ stage of middle school, popularity contests in high school, workplace gossip, and even the mom groups,” notes Amy Rollo, a Licensed Professional Counselor Supervisor and owner of Heights Family Counseling. “Women in their 40s are tired and smarter. They no longer base friendships on popularity, but have learned to find their people. Those people are the ones that are there for you during divorces, death of a parent, and those trying times as a parent yourself. They are the ones that would drop everything and bring a bottle of wine, ice cream, and tissues to your place in a time of need. Women in their 40s understand how to find these friends.” Oh and speaking of? Here is The Single Best Way to Make New Friends.
We know, we know: It’s flu season. But we’re sorry to say that, after our research team here at Eat This, Not That! dug into the science, we have some bad news for you: Your hand sanitizer could be making you fat. Triclosan is a synthetic antibacterial agent frequently added to soap. It’s referred to by researchers as an “obesogen”—a compound that can potentially cause weight gain by disrupting the body’s endocrine (hormone) system. Studies suggest that triclosan can negatively affect the thyroid. As thyroid hormones control metabolism, any hit to the organ’s functionally could cause you to gain weight. The evidence is of particular concern for hospital workers, researchers say, as they’re exposed to the antibacterial agent on a regular basis and often show significantly higher levels of triclosan in their urine. A study in the journal PLOS One found a detectable level was associated with a 0.9-point increase in body mass index (BMI). If you’re a frequent hand-washer, experts recommend sticking to good ol’ soap—not the antibacterial kind—and to buy organic cleansers when possible. How to Lose Weight After 35 for Women, see interview with Dr. Dan Ritchie
After starting Pilates exercises, many people report improvements in flexibility, circulation, posture and core strength, as well as less back, neck and joint pain. Pilates, explains Santoro, has similar benefits to yoga, though the exercises are faster paced and have a greater resistance component, which is great for toning those metabolism-boosting muscles. “You’re moving through and pulling your own body weight on the Pilates reformer machines,” he says, adding that you’ll burn more calories than in a regular yoga session.
If you drink, try opting for red wine instead of white and you might just find yourself a few pounds —and inches— smaller in no time. Red wine is a good source of resveratrol, which has been deemed effective at reducing belly fat and improving memory retention in the aging brain. Even better, a 2014 study published in the Journal of Translational Medicine reveals that resveratrol supplementation was effective at improving hormonal issues in overweight postmenopausal women, potentially bolstering your weight loss efforts.
Exercise regularly and amp up your intensity. I can't tell you how many people just let exercise slide as they get older; then they turn around and blame their sluggish metabolism on their hormones. I'll be honest — I don't like to exercise. But the reality is, we have to do it. Your body needs exercise the way it needs oxygen and water. It's crucial to maintain muscle mass as you age: A pound of muscle burns three times more calories than a pound of fat does, and muscles scoop up blood sugar and enhance your body's insulin sensitivity. Try to challenge yourself and intensify your workouts by adding 20 minutes of resistance training or by increasing the incline on the treadmill. The main point? Continue to strengthen your muscles so they will help you burn more calories.
If you have one soda a day, studies show that you’re accumulating fat around your organs (visceral fat) and likely giving yourself a “soda belly”—a protruding, beer belly-like gut that’s the result of about 1.8 pounds of fat pushing out your belly. And that’s in addition to all the other harmful things we know about soda. (Diet doesn’t do you any favors.) Soda is such a concern that we’ve compiled an exclusive report that ranks every popular regular and diet soda!
The women of "The Wonder Years" defy that myth with their deeply personal stories of reality and gravity, grace in loss, hard won wisdom, and strength. Stories that bring to mind a woman many know: "She is clothed with strength and dignity; she can laugh at the days to come." (Proverbs 31:25) The Wonder Years is a chorus of laughter, tears, resolve, and adventure. If you're in or even nearing these wonder years, this powerful book is both a travel guide and companion. Don't miss it!
Sometimes, you have to eat fat to lose fat. Specifically, healthy fats — those with omega-3 fatty acids, monounsaturated fats, and oleic acid — dramatically help to satisfy hunger and fire up your metabolism. Think avocados, walnuts, coconut oil, and even full-fat dairy. (Low-fat often does more harm than good, which is why full-fat is one of the 20 Supermarket Trends of 2016!) To make sure you’re eating the right kind of fat, check out our exclusive report on the 20 Best Full-Fat Foods for Weight Loss.
Here's welcome news: You may have inherited your mom's slow-mo metabolism, but you’re not stuck with it. New research shows you can trick your body into burning calories more efficiently, especially if you hit the gym. By strength-training just a couple of times a week, for example, you’ll reverse 50% of the seemingly inevitable metabolism slow-down that comes with age, says Gary Hunter, PhD, a professor of human studies at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. So take control of your metabolism by making these boosters part of your routine—and (finally) stop sweating every cookie. Older Guys Gaining Muscle, Building Muscle in Your 40's and 50's with Victor Costa Vicsnatural
To begin, you need to figure out your metabolic rate based on your age, height, weight and activity level. This data will help determine how may calories your body can consume before you actually start putting on weight. Then you’ll learn how to adjust that number so you can boost your metabolism and start losing pounds. Click here for a Metabolism Calculator. Dr. Oz's Fix for Back Fat in Women
It’s well reported that fiery capsaicin (think: hot sauce, cayenne, chili) can rev up the metabolism, but study findings presented at the Experimental Biology meeting in Anaheim, California, showed similar weight loss potential in dihydrocapsiate (DCT), the non-spicy cousin of hot peppers. Participants who ate the most DCT experienced a metabolic boost that was nearly double the placebo group! Bottom line: Pile on the poblanos!
At her home in Bedford, N.Y., the lifestyle guru treats all of the staff who tend to her estate to cappuccinos and breakfast every morning. The meals tend to vary—on one recent morning, Stewart made poached salmon with lemon juice—but the one constant is her signature drink. “We have green juice every morning, everybody drinks green juice because it’s like power,” Stewart told Katie Couric for her self-titled podcast.” In it she uses spinach, celery, parsley, mint, and a piece of fruit—either pears, mango or papaya. “It’s very good juice, everybody loves the juice,” she says.
At the advice of her dermatologist, Dr. Harold Lancer, Beckham has incorporated omega-3-rich fish into her daily diet. “I used to have really problematic skin and he said to me, ‘You have to eat salmon every single day,’” she told The Edit. “I said, ‘Really, every day?’ And he said, ‘Yes. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, you have to eat it every single day.’”
“To balance hormones, such as leptin, the diet must contain high fiber vegetables to stabilize leptin levels by making you feel full longer. They’ll balance cortisol, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants,” explains Lisa Avellino, Fitness Director at NY Health and Wellness. “The fiber found in cabbage, broccoli, or Brussels sprouts help stabilize blood sugar and insulin by slowing down digestion.”
Good news: Age and weight don’t have to be correlated. Even though many people gain weight as they creep past 40, that doesn’t mean everyone has to. In fact, you don't even have to resurrect all those hardcore diets you tried in your 20s and 30s to keep the pounds from packing on, because even in an age full of hormonal and metabolic changes, all it takes is a few key diet modifications to stay looking and feeling your best.
Most celebrities (and unfortunately, even us common folk) frequently drop weight by following unrealistic plans and by cutting out favorite foods. But why would you ever want to cut love out of your life in any form? The key to successful, long-term weight loss and maintenance is learning how to shift your priorities and still include foods you love, but make the majority of your foods those that will also make you love the way you look and feel. A diet should never be like a light bulb that you turn on and off. Like anything else in life, balance is the goal, not black-and-white thinking.
Sound a bit extreme? That's because it is extreme. The Master Cleanse is really more of a fast than a diet. Most people, if they stick to the plan, will lose a bit of weight, largely due to the fact that they are taking in exponentially fewer calories on this diet than they would if they were eating normally. Also probably because mixing all of those things into the same glass is more than a little disgusting. What's more? Once a dieter who has done the Master Cleanse goes back to a normal eating pattern, he or she is likely going to gain the weight right back again.
You may not have time for formal exercise, but the more you move, the more calories you burn. Perhaps you take a walk around the field during your kids' soccer practice or opt for the stairs and the far-out parking spot at work. Reconnect with your significant other by taking a brisk evening walk together. When you are trying to lose weight quickly, every little bit of movement counts. Fit and Fabulous at 50: My Amazing Body Transformation. BEFORE & AFTER Weight Loss INSPIRATION!
We’re looking at you, Cool Whip! Since these products don’t contain cream as the primary ingredient, government regulations prohibit the brands from labeling them as whipped cream. The next best thing? “Whipped topping.” These imposters are filled with sketchy ingredients such as partially hydrogenated vegetable oil and high fructose corn syrup—two culprits your diet could definitely do without.
Those small moments are the stuff of life. “It’s not only the little things, but doing them daily that has the most impact,” says Mary Black, a lifestyle coach. “Eating healthy, working out, hugging those we love, sharing a smile, being kind to others (and ourselves) has a much more profound impact on our lives and the lives of others than we realized.” How To Lose Belly Fat After 40
I am not an expert but have been where you are. My doctor told me that due to stress my cortisol hormone was quite high and this can make it difficult to lose weight. I was told to do more soothing exercise (long walks), yoga, and strength exercises. I also was told to eliminate sugar, flour, no red meat etc. it is working. I also have to watch my calories and it is working. You can conquer this Barbara, I wish you all the best.
Most celebrities (and unfortunately, even us common folk) frequently drop weight by following unrealistic plans and by cutting out favorite foods. But why would you ever want to cut love out of your life in any form? The key to successful, long-term weight loss and maintenance is learning how to shift your priorities and still include foods you love, but make the majority of your foods those that will also make you love the way you look and feel. A diet should never be like a light bulb that you turn on and off. Like anything else in life, balance is the goal, not black-and-white thinking. Fitness and Exercise Tips for Women Over 50 - How To Lose Weight Fast For Women
When you're tossing fruit, ice and other smoothie mix-ins into your blender, take an extra second to add one more metabolism-boosting ingredient -- whey protein powder. "Whey protein increases calorie burn and fat utilization, helps the body maintain muscle, and triggers the brain to feel full," says Paul Arciero, a professor in the Health and Exercise Sciences department at Skidmore College who has studied whey's effects on the body. All types of protein rev up your metabolism -- protein has a thermogenic effect, meaning it makes your body produce more heat and, in turn, burn more calories -- but whey may be the most effective non-meat protein. A study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition revealed that fat oxidation and the thermic effect was greater with whey than with soy or casein.
Fat may be higher in calories than carbohydrates or protein, but it satisfies your hunger—and that’s key to keeping your calorie count down. People tend to lose more weight and keep it off on a calorie-reduced diet that contains healthy fats rather than a diet that’s low in fat. That’s why the best diets for women include a source of healthy fat at each meal and snack. This could be two teaspoons of extra virgin olive oil, two tablespoons of raw nuts or seeds, or half an avocado. Check out the seven signs you’re not getting enough healthy fats.
Jerky is a good idea. I eat eggs for breakfast and on 18 hour fast days I eat a whole Avacado as soon as the 18 hours are up. I can’t do the carb back loading. I have to work out early in the morning or some would say night (2:30AM I am in the gym). I go to bed at 6:30 PM if I can). So I eat a sweet potato and a couple eggs in the AM, but when I am fasting I just have Bulletproof Coffee. I do a very l easy slow cardio on fast days.
Many women have trouble sleeping during menopause due to hot flashes, night sweats, stress and the other fun stuff that goes along with low estrogen levels. Migraines anyone?? The bummer is poor sleep is linked to hunger and weight gain because of two more hormones: ghrelin (the “feed me” hormone) and leptin (the “I’m full” hormone). Here’s a short blog I wrote on that topic. If you’re sleep deprived, these hormones get out of whack.
ICYMI (that’s “in case you missed it,” ya old fart): Sitting is the new smoking. Researchers from Toronto recently showed that sedentary behavior can lead to death from cardiovascular issues and cancer, as well as cause chronic conditions such as Type 2 diabetes. Prolonged sitting, meaning sitting for 8-12 (or more) hours per day, increased your risk of developing type 2 diabetes by 90 percent. And weight gain. So. much. weight gain. Be mindful of not plopping down on the couch all evening and if you can swap times you sit at work for standing. Have you heard of stand-ups? They’re meetings where everyone stands and many people love them because these meetings often wind up shorter than other meetings where people get too cozy at that conference table!
Between desk jobs, commutes, and family activities, many 40-somethings don’t have a lot of free time to work out. But it’s important -- for your weight and your overall health -- to fit in at least 2 1/2 hours of moderate physical activity (like brisk walking or light yard work) every week. Pencil times in to your calendar, and make them a priority.
In their quests to get trim, many dieters think that refraining from a few olive oil drizzles will help cut calories and boost overall weight loss; meanwhile, it’s actually the complete opposite. The heart-healthy oil helps unlock the nutritional benefits of fat-soluble vitamins’ (vitamins A, D, E, and K, which are found in many veggies like salad greens). Olive oil is also linked to reducing weight circumference and preventing heart disease, giving you the green light to dress that spinach salad.
They may be packed with protein and keto-friendly, but processed meats can wreak havoc on your health. Deli meats, bacon, and hotdogs usually contain cancer-causing nitrates and nitrites as well as pack in elevated amounts of blood-pressure-spiking sodium. A 2013 study published in the journal European Cytokine Network found that sodium nitrate increases oxidative stress, which can damage youthful-skin-promoting collagen and elastin.
Gluten-free breads and other products are fooling you with their healthy-looking labels. Studies show that gluten-free replacements of foods that normally contain the protein are not healthier than the real thing — and they’re more expensive. Often, these breads have significantly less fiber than bread made with real whole wheat. As you get older, fiber is one of the nutrients you need the most. It keeps you full and ensures that your digestion keeps moving regularly. 3 Easy Tips To REVERSE "Metabolic Slowdown" AFTER 40 (And Burn MORE Fat)
Instead of ditching carbs or going low-fat, try a diet that's rich in veggies, beans, and legumes to increase your metabolism — and keep your blood sugar from spiking. "Many people think weight is all about calories in, calories out, but quality also matters," says Aunna Pourang, M.D. "[In a 2012 study], low-carb diets showed the most increase in metabolism, but also showed an increase in the stress hormone cortisol. This is why scientists concluded that the low-glycemic diet worked the best."
To achieve a better macronutrient ratio, don’t worry about counting macros with fancy apps. All you need to do is break down your meals like this: center your meals around non-starchy vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower, lettuce, kale, peppers, zucchini, mushrooms and green beans. Fill at least half of your plate with these lower calorie, high-fiber foods to satisfy hunger and pack in the nutrition. How to start a healthly lifesyle and lose weight after 40 I Get fit and healthy
So I resolve to be sane and good to myself and I formulate another plan: I will try and make exercise a priority. I will keep eating lots of fresh fruits and vegetables. I will strive to eat when I'm hungry and stop when I'm full. I will choose foods that make me feel the best, physically and mentally, and avoid the ones that don't (read: My Number One Trick For Eating Right). I will enjoy the foods that life has to offer, including but not limited to crusty, home baked bread and a scoop of mint chocolate chip on a hot day. I will occasionally overdo it, but won't beat myself up. I'll stop wishing for the metabolism of a 25-year-old and start feeling grateful for the rich, full life of a 43-year-old. Best Ways to Lose Fat for Women Over 40 - The truth
A little green tea in your cup could yield a lot of weight loss. A study published in the Journal of Nutrition reveals that adding green tea to subjects’ meal plans increased their fat-burning ability by a whopping 12 percent. Even better, green tea’s combination of antioxidants and caffeine can give you the boost you need to fend off those energy lulls that often accompany middle age. Green tea isn’t the only weight loss wonder in a cup; start sipping your way slim today by adding some of the 50 Best Detox Waters For Fat Loss to your menu. How To Lose Weight After 40
The 49-year-old mum of four, Stephanie Seymour was one of the first ever supermodels. She recently came back into the spotlight for her criticism of GiGi Hadid and Kendall Jenner, calling them out as “not real models.” She has had an incredibly successful career staring in numerous sports illustrated campaigns, modelling for Victoria’s Secret, being on the cover of Vogue and being called one of the sexiest women alive many times.
This is known as metabolic adaptation, says Bustillo. When we drastically reduce our calories for an extended period of time, our bodies adapt to needing that smaller number of calories, which decreases our BMR. The longer this underfeeding happens, the further our BMR may drop. [CAN WE USE THE 'STARVATION MODE' ANALOGY HERE? THAT MIGHT MAKE THIS A BIT EASIER TO GRASP--THAT YOUR BODY THINKS ITS STARVING SO IT HANGS ON TO EVERY CALORIE]
Abel attempted ton of diets … 2 years ago underwent a non emergency aorta valve replacement. Now on a few meds ..blood psi, lipitor etc….put on around 40 lbs and now struggling to get it off while also limiting sodium intake.. any pointers for getting started as a “heart patient” also my be slightly pre diabetic. thanks. ps I think your diet / exercise regimen could be a game changer.
The gorgeous actress' top tip is actually a hair and body twofer: "When I'm showering, I'll turn the water to cold for the last couple minutes," she told Into the Gloss. "A hairstylist friend told me [it] closes the hair cuticle...and I always feel like it makes you a little bit skinnier." We can get on board with shinier locks, but the latter? Um...
If you’ve been skimping on plyometric training, you might want to throw it back into your workout rotation. Why? All those squat jumps and burpees are by nature high-intensity, getting your heart rate up so you burn more calories in a short amount of time. Plus, when performed interval-style, you’ll rev your metabolism for the 24 to 48 hours after you leave the gym. According to one study, 12 weeks of HIIT plus plyometric exercise resulted in more lean body mass, reduced body fat and improved metabolic abnormalities compared to just HIIT alone. Not sure where to start? Give these five plyo box exercises a try.
Closing up the kitchen for the night makes it easier to shed those unwanted pounds, no matter what your age. Research published in Cell Metabolism reveals that mice who spent 16 hours a day fasting and the other eight hours eating high-fat food remained relatively lean, while those who ate the same number of calories and the same amount of fat over the course of the day significantly increased their risk of obesity.
If you’re shuttling little people around all afternoon and evening, it's tough to get a healthy meal on the table before bedtime. “The key is to set aside 15 minutes every weekend to plan a quick healthy dinner for each weeknight,” says Ansel. And they don’t have to elaborate. A turkey sandwich or peanut butter and jelly is better than ordering Chinese food or baking a frozen pizza, she says.
This fad diet reminds many of Atkins — and if you want to live life like Kate Middleton’s sister, you should certainly try it. Healthline explains Dr. Pierre Dukan, a French general practitioner, created the diet. It consists of meals that are high-protein and low-carb. There are also four phases of the diet: The first two are when you’ll lose the most weight, and the last two are designed for the long-term maintenance of your goal weight. 3 Simple Steps That Shrink & Incinerate "Over 40" Belly Fat
I'm a counselor and author who studies happiness so I know that most people get happier and happier with each decade, and they have their peak life experiences in their late 60s and early 70s. After that they start to decline only a little bit in regard to happiness (as friends die and health declines). However, most people never get anywhere near the unhappiness they experience in their 20s.
Though people are still talking about the lemon juice and cayenne crash diet that got her into Dreamgirls shape in 2006, these days Bey's much healthier detox method is eliminating all animal products from her diet. It's part of her trainer Marco Borges' 22 Days Nutrition plan—and the singer loves it so much, that she even teamed up with him to create a meal delivery service for the company. "There's no frankenfood," Borges tells us. "It's founded on the principle that it takes 21 days to make or break a habit. It's a plant-based diet designed to create lifelong habits that will empower you to live a healthier lifestyle, lose weight or to reverse serious health concerns." (Our social media editor, Kate Winick, tried it to great results.)
Divergent star Shailene Woodley has sung the praises of bentonite clay and its alleged “detoxifying” properties. The bentonite clay fad has now reached a point where some cold-pressed juice companies are adding it to drinks. Awful taste aside, remember that our bodies already detox via the lungs, kidneys, and liver. There are no benefits to eating clay—and some clay-based detox drinks may contain arsenic and lead.
There have been some monumental moments on TV. The "Who shot JR?" cliffhanger…Janet Jackson’s "wardrobe malfunction,"… Oprah Winfrey wheeling out a wagon full of fat in her size-10 Calvins to show off how much weight she lost. In 1988, Oprah wanted to tell the world that she'd lost 67 pounds in less than five months. (The episode was called “Diet Dreams Come True” and ranks as The Oprah Show’s highest ratings episode ever.) How’d she do it? Running six-and-a-half miles per day and surviving on a liquid diet. She was up 10 pounds two weeks later. Suzanne Somers Fights Fat After 40 With www.SexyForever.com!
Well, I have one of those Aria Fitbit scales that measures body fat and then I can track my lean mass from week to week on the Ftbit dashboard. I don’t think it is that accurate. I am having a Hydrostatic test on Saturday. A guy comes around the gym in a big truck with a tank of water in it. I call it the Fat Wagon. Lots of folks don’t want to go near it. They don’t want to know the truth. 🙂 30 minute full body at home workout for women over 40!
You might want to think twice before ditching dairy if you’re trying to lose weight—despite what your Paleo-preaching CrossFit friends tell you. Cheese is a satisfying, portable, and inexpensive food that’s packed with calcium, vitamin D, and protein. “Calcium can also promote weight loss because it helps maintain muscle mass, which boosts and helps maintain metabolism, helping you burn calories more efficiently throughout the day,” says Tanya Zuckerbrot, RD, author of The Miracle Carb Diet: Make Calories & Fat Disappear—With Fiber! That doesn’t mean you can help yourself to a cheese-drenched casserole, though. Work cheese into fiber-rich snacks to make them more satiating.
Bad things are bound to happen, but women over 40 know how to deal with them. “If you can find the key learning in a difficult situation you emerge from it better, more evolved,” Bernstein notes. “Every difficult situation and person is your teacher, if you have the eyes to see and the ears to hear. By going with the flow of the situation rather than fighting it, it makes the going easier and the learning faster.”
“Hormones dictate how our body utilizes the energy we give it,” says nutritionist Lisa Jubilee. “Between our reproductive, thyroid and growth hormones, appetite, insulin, and hunger hormone leptin and ghrelin, our bodies have to perform a tricky balancing act to keep us lean, energized and viable reproductive beings.” Those tasks have become much more difficult because of the hormone residues we consume via cage-raised foods. If you want to give your metabolism a leg up, Jubilee says, switch to organic, grass-fed, pasture-raised beef, eggs, and dairy products, thereby avoiding those nasty hormones at mealtime.
The truth: Different-colored foods do often provide different nutrients, so the temporary plan might help encourage you to try new things that you might otherwise ignore, from purple yams to emerald green kale. If you start by eating one color of fruits and veggies every day, you can establish a healthy habit of incorporating color into your diet, but don't forget the protein and whole grains.
13. You’re popping too many pills – regular use of painkillers, antibiotics, indigestion tablets, poor quality supplements and other medications can over-burden your liver and damage your gut lining. As well as potential side effects (many of which are weight gain), too many medications can cause a build up of toxins and can upset your gut flora balance.
Dad always said, "Don't live life as bystander sport!". If you are 40 or older, or not, this book will bless you, or some who is. Having attended a writer's workshop taught by Leslie Leyland Fields, I had the privilege of previewing it. These WONDERful writers will encourage you to live the second half of life with wonder - embracing all that God has for YOU!
Now that you know how many calories you eat each day, it's time to increase your metabolic rate. You're not going to rev up your metabolism by eating a huge calorie-filled breakfast or snacking more often. You're also not going to fill up on metabolism-boosting foods or sip on energy drinks or special teas. You're going to keep your diet exactly the same and increase metabolism with movement. 💪Doctor Reveals The Only 4 Ways To Build Muscle
"You don't have to go to the gym or go for a run, but be sure to move in some way," says Ann Kulze, M.D., a member of the Medical Advisory Board for the Wellness Councils of America and author of Dr. Ann's 10-Step Diet (Top Ten Wellness & Fitness, 2008). "A healthy metabolism requires regular movement, so don't sit for more than two hours without getting up."
Well, EU is well ahead.. As usual brexiter delsuion is pointless..In all areas, also crypto, EU is cautious, slow , serious and more effective in the long run.. the misinformation in this article is simple : EU regulated crypto and taking slow steps in order to avoid savage exploitation of the weak, and stop the greedy to have to much ..Logical, simple humane unlike brexiter stupidity where everything is in air, delusional and unicorn on the sky !!!
Bodybuilders have known for years that strategically placed ‘cheat meals’ can help prevent the metabolic slowdown mentioned above. One meal every five to seven days that contains as many carbs and calories as desired can work. Just make sure not to make a habit out of cheat meals. In fact, you could also just as easily eat clean each day and meet your calorie needs, rather than consistently depriving yourself, then occasionally indulging.
Canadian researchers report that dieters with the most organochlorines (pollutants from pesticides, which are stored in fat cells) experience a greater than normal dip in metabolism as they lose weight, perhaps because the toxins interfere with the energy-burning process. Other research hints that pesticides can trigger weight gain. Always choose organic when buying peaches, apples, bell peppers, celery, nectarines, strawberries, cherries, lettuce, imported grapes, and pears; non-organic versions tend to have the highest levels of pesticides.
Eva Longoria is best known for her role as Gabrielle Solis on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives. However before she was a sexy Desperate Housewife, she starred in The Young and the Restless. She has been named one of Hollywood’s most beautiful women by several publications, which isn’t surprising. At 43 years, she currently holds modelling contracts with L’Oréal, Hanes, New York & Co, and many others and has recently given birth to her first child.
One of the most admired and revered women in India as well as in the world. Through her successful career, she has established herself as one of the most popular and influential women in India. Rai has received numerous awards and accolades, and she was also awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2009. No doubt, she’s the “most beautiful woman in the world”. How to Lose Belly Fat in 1 Week
Build your hairstyle on the fact that round faces can avail of a mix of length, long side-swept bangs and choppy ends. Balance square faces with emphasized layers or soften the angles with straight and really long hair. Oval faces look cool with center parts and all-one lengths, especially in shoulder-length cuts. Vice versa, long faces can be visually shortened with chin-length haircuts like the classic bob or a little bit longer cut.
The information provided herein should not be used during any medical emergency or for the diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. A licensed physician should be consulted for diagnosis and treatment of any and all medical conditions. Call 911 for all medical emergencies. Links to other sites are provided for information only -- they do not constitute endorsements of those other sites. Copyright 1997-2018, A.D.A.M., Inc. Duplication for commercial use must be authorized in writing by ADAM Health Solutions.
In all honesty, the EU is beginning to break down, the reactions from the centre prove their hostility to change. The handling of the Brexit negotiations prove their dislike of any Country not agreeing with their ever closer Union, more like ever imploding Union, it's finished, we should remain friends, trade together and respect one another's culture and customs.
It’s a simple truth that most women don’t look forward to getting older. Shocker, I know. Considering society’s general attitude toward aging, it’s easy to understand why. And yet, there are some really amazing things about reaching your fifth, sixth, seventh decade and beyond. One of the biggest? Knowledge based on life experience—something no twenty-something can claim.
Women have plenty to say, and these mellowed voices of women with a few years behind them and many years ahead of them speak into so many areas of my life. From the joy of adoption to the trials (and laughter) of menopause to the beauty of aging gracefully, I found well-written essays that made me laugh and cry and those speak to my heart. This is the perfect Mother's Day gift and I'm giving several away to friends "of an age".
Say so long to those sugary happy hour drinks. A single flavored martini or blended drink can pack upwards of 600 calories per 8-ounce pour, and many menopausal women find that the blood vessel dilation that occurs with alcohol consumption can make hot flashes worse. If you do choose to drink, make sure you check out the 20 Tips For Choosing Healthy Alcoholic Drinks first.
Difficulty on a Scale of 1 (I Feel Great!) to 10 (It Ruined My Life!): 1. This is worth a try! If you’re someone who doesn’t like to impose major restrictions on yourselves, adopting a low-key plan to eat fewer carbs (when possible) is relaxed and completely doable. Especially if you don’t beat yourself for the occasional slip-up, like eating pasta in bed, which happens to each and every one of us! 40 की उम्र के बाद कैसे होना चाहिए आपका खाना - Diet after 40 years old In Hindi - Ms. Aarti Virk
If there’s any kind of fat to avoid, it’s trans fats. These fatty acids have been shown to raise your bad cholesterol and lower your good cholesterol — that’s the opposite of what you want your dietary fats to do for your body. Butter and oil, on the other hand, can help reduce your cholesterol and encourage the absorption of fat-soluble nutrients.
There are so many different ways for a bra to not fit properly. By this point you should have a good understanding of your true bra size, so make sure to buy bras that really fit! If you aren’t sure of your correct bra size, take the time to get fitted for one at a store you trust. And hopefully it goes without saying, but if you have bras that are stretched out and worn through, toss those out as well.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but salmon may be the best one for your metabolism. That’s because most cases of underactive thyroid are due to inflammation of the gland, and salmon boasts significant anti-inflammatory properties thanks to its rich omega-3 fatty acid content. In fact, one study that looked at the effects of weight loss and seafood consumption showed salmon to be the most effective at reducing inflammation—better than cod, fish oil, and a fish-free diet. The fishy fatty acids may also signal thyroid cells in the liver to burn more fat, a recent study published in The Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry suggests.
SOURCES: Madelyn Fernstrom, PhD, director of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center Weight Management Center and associate director of the UPMC Nutrition Center in Pittsburgh. Pamela Peeke, MD, assistant clinical professor of medicine at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore. Michi Yukawa, MD, MPH, acting instructor, department of medicine, division of gerontology and geriatric medicine at the University of Washington in Seattle.
What should you be having? Morning munchies that are slow to digest and leave you feeling fuller longer. Try a mix of lean protein with complex carbohydrates and healthy fats, like this power breakfast, recommended by Berardi: an omelet made from one egg and two egg whites and a half cup of mixed peppers and onions, plus a half cup of cooked steel-cut oats mixed with a quarter cup of frozen berries and a teaspoon of omega-3-loaded fish oil.
Not only does muscle weigh more than fat, but it uses more energy, too. The average woman in her 30s who strength-trains 30 to 40 minutes twice a week for four months will increase her resting metabolism by 100 calories a day. That means you're resetting your thermostat to keep running at that rate even on the days when you don't make it to the gym, Hunter explains.
If you want to lose weight and keep it off, the best way to figure out how much you should be eating or scaling back is to calculate your metabolic rate. Fortunately, using the Mifflin-St.Jeor equation, it’s easy to figure out how many calories you’re actually burning, and even better, it’s adjustable for your age, so, unlike cookie-cutter diet plans, you can use it year after year and continue enjoying results.
Want to see those numbers on the scale get smaller? Try adding some fish to your meal plan. Research published in Obesity reveals that adding some omega-3s to subjects’ diet helped them lose more weight, keep it off longer, and limit those nagging hunger pangs. For women over 40, omega-3-rich fish, like salmon and tuna, are a particularly good choice; studies suggest that adding them to your diet may reduce your risk of hot flashes, too. Dr. Oz's Fix for Back Fat in Women
Another great idea it to get into a group fitness strength training class. This is a less intimidating way to get started and in most gyms you will find people of all ages and abilities attending; just ask the instructor if it is the right level for you. Strength training at home is another possibility. By joining GHU TV you are spending a minimal amount and getting the personal training of experts like Chris Freytag and others who will do the workout with you providing the expertise needed to do it correctly! Just pick up a pair of dumbbells, bring them home and get started. Keep in mind that if you are afraid to pick up the weights you can even use your own bodyweight to build strength through moves like push-ups, lunges and squats. Strength training for as little as 20 minutes two to three times a week can build enough muscle to increase your resting metabolic rate (RMR) over time.
Eating more often can help you lose weight. When you eat large meals with many hours in between, your metabolism slows down between meals. Having a small meal or snack every 3 to 4 hours keeps your metabolism cranking, so you burn more calories over the course of a day. Several studies have also shown that people who snack regularly eat less at mealtime.
It's one of the most frustrating realities of dieting—if you cut out too many calories, your metabolism thinks times are lean and puts the breaks on fat-burning to conserve energy, Hunter explains. Here’s the trick to keeping your metabolism revved up while dieting: Eat enough calories to at least match your resting metabolic rate (what you'd burn if you stayed in bed all day; calculate yours here). That's about 1,330 calories for a 5-feet-4-inch, 150-pound, 40-year-old woman.
WHAT IT IS: Hollywood seems to be juiced over this six-juices-a-day, 1,200-calorie intense cleanse. While on the Pressed Juicery diet (said to be a major bloat beater), followers receive a daily supply of juices specially delivered every morning. Each fresh, nutrient-packed drink is designed to replace meals and snacks, and all alcohol, caffeine, and nicotine should be avoided.
If you're genetically predisposed to gain weight easily, that may be another strike against you. Even if you don't actually gain weight, you may still gain inches around the waist. This weight gain can be so frustrating, it's easy to become obsessed with losing it, starving yourself or exercising too much or maybe even looking into the latest plastic surgery procedure. 4 Risky Exercises People OVER 40 Must AVOID
Eating out is a treat and is probably something you’re doing because you deserve it—maybe it’s your birthday, you’re celebrating a family member, or just getting together with old friends. But letting yourself indulge doesn’t mean you have to be completely blind to just how deceptive many restaurant menu options can be. From breakfasts that have more sugar than seven Snickers’ bars to pastas that have more saturated fat than 50 eggs (yes, five-zero), it’s well worth your time to read up before your go out. Start with our list of The #1 Worst Menu Option at 41 Popular Restaurants. You’ll start to get a good feel of what to watch out for!
Hormone imbalance can also wreak havoc on your weight. Keep in mind that perimenopause and other hormone changes can start when you are in your 40s. Estrogen dominance will definitely interrupt weight loss but so will the imbalance of cortisol, leptin and insulin. We have a great article that covers, in great detail, how these hormones affect your body. Check out Balance These 4 Hormones If You Want To Lose Weight for more information!
Ideally, we sleep about eight hours for every 24. Most people spend another seven to ten hours sitting at their desk. That means most of us spend the overwhelming majority of our time sedentary. Our bodies weren’t designed for this level of inactivity—most of humans’ evolutionary history involved being active, searching for food and fuel. Nutritionist Lisa Jubilee says that one way to burn more calories daily is to stand more and sit less. She cites a British study which found that standing at work burned 50 more calories per hour than sitting. If that doesn’t sound like a lot, consider this: If you stand for just three hours of your day, in one year you’d expend more than 30,000 extra calories—which amounts to about 8 lbs of fat!
Yes, the liver plays an essential role in filtering toxins out of the body, but you needn’t worry: It’s not full of them by any means. Instead, the liver is full of Vitamin B12, which can help improve arterial function and flow. Just be sure to treat the stuff as a dietary rarity, since liver is loaded with cholesterol. You’ll hit your USDA-recommended daily value by consuming just one 3-ounce serving. And for more healthy eating tips, Here’s the Safest Way to Thaw Frozen Meat.
Sadly, you can't scarf down burgers and chocolate shakes like you did in your 20s and expect to lose weight. But you can still enjoy your favorite foods. You just might need to save them for when you really have a hankering—and say goodbye to the treats that fall lower on your list of craveables. Instead of mindlessly dipping into that bag of chips just because it's there, think about what would truly satisfy you. Is it chips or are you actually craving something else? If you decide the chips are worth the calories, then help yourself to a small serving, and savor every bite. (That means no mindless munching in front of the TV.)
In addition to being low calorie, baby food is also low in additives and preservatives, and comes in very portion-controlled, infant-sized jars. From a health standpoint, one could do a lot worse. However, be prepared to get some pretty funny looks from your fellow human beings. As Jim White, a registered dietician with the American Dietetic Association told The Huffington Post, "Who wants to eat baby food 14 times a day? We’ve got to enjoy ourselves too, and chew our food. It’s just not livable, unless you’re in a retirement home."
After suffering for many years with everything from bullying to bulimia, Lady Gaga dropped 25 to 30 pounds with a low-glycemic index diet. Gaga is said to have followed the 5-Factor Diet, only eating healthy foods from five categories – healthy fats, fiber, "low-glycemic" carbohydrates, protein and sugarless drinks. (The glycemic index ranks foods by the speed at which they raise blood sugar levels as they get digested.) She avoided highly-processed meats, fried foods, foods high in saturated fat (like butter, ice cream and desserts), simple carbohydrates (including white bread and white rice) and sugary treats. Her plan included eating five times per day, usually broken down into two meals and three light snacks. Lose Belly Fat in 3 Days with a Fasting Diet
Let's face it: Finding time to exercise only gets harder as you age. It helps to remember that working out gives you the sanity, strength, and good health to keep the rest of your world running smoothly. Can an overweight woman really preach to her children about the merits of eating right? Can an out-of-shape mom hope to get through an afternoon of soccer with her son without gasping for breath? Committing to a fitness routine is the first step in becoming a positive force to those around you. The time crunch isn't going to go away, so maybe you'll need to wake up earlier, or use your lunch break to hit the gym or walk home from work instead of driving. The better shape you're in, the better you'll feel inside and out. And the better you feel, the easier it will be to deal with life's headaches -- like demanding bosses, moody teenagers, and your husband's addiction to Monday Night Footbal. Some things you can't change. Thank goodness your weight isn't one of them.
Stress can interrupt sleep, which is essential to maintaining a healthy weight. Too little sleep makes you lose motivation for exercise and causes your body to pump out more hunger hormones. Stress and lack of sleep also cause your body to produce more cortisol, a stress hormone that also drives weight gain. Yoga, meditation and other methods of self care are ways to help manage stress so you can concentrate on dietary and exercise efforts to lose weight.
“As we age we start to lose muscle mass, but we’re still able to build and maintain. I do strength exercises and cardio exercises, but they won’t be as beneficial without sufficient protein,” says Maria-Paula Carrillo, MS, RDN, LD. Grass-fed beef, a potent protein source, contains more omega-3s as well as fat-burning CLA than its grain-fed counterparts.
“The 40s are a prevention decade,” says Larsen. “It’s time to get on track and stay there.” If those babies are now big kids, and you’re juggling commuting and carpools, it’s easy to slip into sedentary habits. “I see a lot of people let themselves go,” says Larson. “I’m honest with my clients. You do not want to go into middle age or menopause overweight. Because you will not know what hit you. Eat well, stay active, and practice healthy habits as a family.”
Brenda stated exactly what so many women have struggled with in the past, including me. As a doctor of gynecology, I frequently get 40-something women in my office working through self-sabotaging menopausal issues including hot flashes, low energy, near-zero libido, weight gain, and weight loss resistance. Hormonal imbalances contribute to many of these problems. When hormones like estrogen, testosterone, and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) nose dive, you’ve got the perfect storm for menopausal miseries. But it doesn’t have to be this way!
Boosting metabolism is the holy grail of weight watchers everywhere, but how fast your body burns calories depends on several things. Some people inherit a speedy metabolism. Men tend to burn more calories than women, even while resting. And for most people, metabolism slows steadily after age 40. Although you can't control your age, gender, or genetics, there are other ways to improve your metabolism. Here are 10 of them. Beat Menopause Belly Fat by Starving Your Fat Cells (Not Yourself)
We all know sitting around too much is really bad for our health: One meta-analysis reported that prolonged sedentary time was associated with harmful health outcomes, and many other studies have shown it can (obviously!) lead to weight gain. Limiting your time in front of the TV at night and even trying to stand more while you're at work — perhaps with a standing desk — can increase your metabolism, helping you lose weight with minimal effort. BOOST Your METABOLISM w/ Science (3 STEPS) - How to Increase Your Metabolic Rate to Lose Weight Fast
Incorporate interval training (alternating between more-intense and less-intense activities during one workout) into your exercise routine for an even bigger metabolism boost, says Mark Hyman, M.D., editor in chief of Alternative Therapies in Health and Medicine, a member of the board of directors for the Institute for Functional Medicine, and the author of Ultrametabolism: The Simple Plan for Automatic Weight Loss (Atria, 2008).
Gwyneth Paltrow famously turned to a macrobiotic diet in 1999, partly because of her dad’s illness (he died in 2002 from complications from oral cancer), but also because Leonardo DiCaprio planted the seed of “how dirty meat is” in her head years ago. She doesn’t give her kids gluten, she avoids dairy, and pesticides are a no-no. But, see, there's nothing wrong with a weekend treat. For her, it’s cigarettes and booze. It’s all about the ying and the yang, people.
“I’m a foodie and I love to experience food, but at the same time I look at food as fuel and I want to give the best to my body. I don’t restrict myself, I can eat everything,” the former IDF member admitted to Harper’s Bazaar. “It’s all a matter of measurements and quantity of the food. Just give the food the respect and give yourself the respect to enjoy it.”
While sun-worshipping can have you looking more leather bag than human, a little controlled exposure to UV rays can yield some serious benefits for your weight. According to research conducted at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, overweight women between 50 and 75 who had adequate vitamin D levels shed more weight and more body fat than those whose levels remained low. A study in Psychopharmacology also reveals that subjects with depression who popped a vitamin D supplement experienced improvements in their mood in just five days, so don’t be afraid to let the sunshine in.
Muscles are what keeps our metabolism high and as we age, our muscles slowly start to get smaller, therefore allowing our metabolism to slow down. To counteract this, Shapiro recommends that we start lifting weights. “No, you won’t get big and bulky. In fact, you’ll stay lean,” she says. That’s because weight training causes you to burn more calories per workout than cardio sessions, and you continue to burn them post workout. And that’s not all—click here to discover 40 Ways to Lose 4 Inches of Body Fat!
Not that we should really argue with anyone whose nickname is "The Body," but the supermodel's method to looking so phenomenal at 51 is kind of a headscratcher for those not familiar. Relying on the ideology that an acidic body is more susceptible to disease that can throw metabolism and other things out of whack, Macpherson eats alkaline foods (including whole grains, leafy greens) and avoids things like coffee and alcohol in order to keep her inner pH balance in check. She even cops to taking pee tests in order to make sure things are in order. And she's not the only A-lister who does so: Victoria Beckham, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Jennifer Aniston are also fans—and considering that's pretty much the Good Body Brigade, we'd say they're onto something.
It's tempting to curl up on the couch the minute PMS mood swings and bloat strike, but you'll lose more weight if you exercise during those two weeks before your period, according to a recent study at the University of Adelaide in Australia. "Women burned about 30 percent more fat for the two weeks following ovulation to about two days before menstruating," says study coauthor Leanne Redman. Here's why: The reproductive hormones estrogen and progesterone are at their peak then — and because they promote the body's use of fat as energy, more fat is burned off when you exercise during this time.
Madonna will always be one of the sexiest women alive no matter her age. The 59-year-old musical artist practically invented her own brand of sex appeal. She has it all, brains, beauty and boatloads of talent. The mother of six is considered one of the greatest songwriters of all time and is one of the most successful female recording artists in history.
Well, I have one of those Aria Fitbit scales that measures body fat and then I can track my lean mass from week to week on the Ftbit dashboard. I don’t think it is that accurate. I am having a Hydrostatic test on Saturday. A guy comes around the gym in a big truck with a tank of water in it. I call it the Fat Wagon. Lots of folks don’t want to go near it. They don’t want to know the truth. 🙂
There’s another big reason to put your energy into eating well: you probably don’t have as much time to focus on working out. “In your 20s, the first instinct to drop pounds is often to hit the gym with increased intensity. But for those of us who are older and might be leading busier lives, running to the gym for an hour each evening isn’t always a feasible option,” says Pam Nisevich Bede, RD, CSSD, sports dietitian for Abbott’s EAS Sports Nutrition. (These 8 at-home workouts can certainly come in handy!) “A healthy diet is now your best friend when trying to lose weight.” It comes with added perks, though: A balanced diet can also energize your day, allowing you to make healthier decisions, and fuel your workouts most efficiently, she adds.
However, just like those rehab-loving design gurus on HGTV, your body breaks down muscle as regularly as it builds it. "All of the cells in your body need protein to function. When there aren't enough amino acids from food available in the bloodstream, the body will start to break down and harvest amino acids from your muscle in order to keep more vital cells—like the ones in your brain and other organs—functioning," says Dr. Paddon-Jones. "This is a natural, continuing cycle. Muscle-protein synthesis goes up after you eat a meal with protein, and your body switches back to muscle-breakdown mode a few hours after you've eaten. Normally, the ups and downs equal out and your muscle mass stays the same." However, eat too little protein for too long and your muscles start to shrink, eventually causing your metabolism to take a nosedive. 14 WEIRD Weight Loss Hacks That Actually Work!
High Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) is where you exert maximum effort through quick, intense bursts of exercise followed by short recovery periods, and it’s a great way to amp up your weight loss. If you’re currently only using doing steady state cardio workouts like jogging or elliptical weight loss exercises, for example, you could benefit from incorporating HIIT workouts to your regimen. Because the intervals get your heart rate more elevated, they help you work harder, not longer. Studies show that HIIT also burns more fat than other workouts. If you’re looking to try HIIT for the first time, check out these HIIT workouts on Get Healthy U TV!
Justin Timberlake trains in the morning, and thus, he eats two daily breakfasts, according to Bon Appétit. “I’ll have waffles with flax seed and almond butter and one egg scrambled. Then I’ll work out and have a second breakfast–another egg or a protein shake. Within a half-hour to 40 minutes after a workout, that’s when you want to load up on protein. I mostly work out so I can eat religiously.”
HMB—short for beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate—is a protein-related compound that encourages your muscles to use the macronutrient more efficiently, Bede explains. “Taking a HMB supplement can assist with muscle growth post 40,” she adds. Also consider a D-rich multivitamin. “Generally, men over 40 are deficient in vitamin C, Vitamin D, magnesium, B vitamins, and zinc,” says Kominiarek. Vitamin D is particularly important since it’s so crucial to both muscle and bone health, yet people tend to spend less time outside, exposed to sunlight after 40, Bede adds. It’s always better to score nutrients from real whole foods, but Kominiarek says supplementation is a must as we age.
Skipping those salty snacks will put you on track for more weight loss in a hurry, no matter what your age. Research conducted at the Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine reveals that, contrary to popular belief, salt tends to make people hungry, not thirsty. Two groups on simulated missions to Mars were examined over the course of 105 and 205 days, respectively, with one group receiving saltier foods during the final weeks of their mock voyage. Researchers discovered that those given saltier foods actually drank less water than those on a low-salt diet, but complained of hunger more often. However, as expected, the saltier food did increase study participants’ water retention, meaning it can exacerbate the water retention and bloating issues associated with menopause, too. Salt isn’t the only habit making you heavy; the 37 Worst Breakfast Habits for Your Waistline could have you packing on the pounds with every passing year.
“Women in their 40s come to know that, while socializing with friends is fun and rewarding, partying out late brings more burden than good,” Dr. Rosenfeld says. “They might choose to invite friends over for a quiet night in or spend their nights engaging in self care (reading, relaxing, taking a bath). Either way, they’ll get more sleep, won’t be hungover, and will face the next day energized and refreshed.”
Difficulty on a Scale of 1 (I Feel Great!) to 10 (It Ruined My Life!): 1. This is worth a try! If you’re someone who doesn’t like to impose major restrictions on yourselves, adopting a low-key plan to eat fewer carbs (when possible) is relaxed and completely doable. Especially if you don’t beat yourself for the occasional slip-up, like eating pasta in bed, which happens to each and every one of us!
For lunch, I craved something savory, so I opened the “chicken rice dinner” jar. The dog food smell assaulted me. I gagged so loudly that my roommate thought I was having a meltdown, which was true. I looked at the first ingredients of the so-called chicken and rice feast: carrots and water. The third ingredient was ground chicken. There was no seasoning. It was horrific. That night for dinner, now able to eat real human food as I’d checked off my two baby food meals, I ordered enough Chinese food for a family of seven and ate every last shred of it. Best Ways to Lose Fat for Women Over 40 - The truth
You probably don't need scientists to tell you that your metabolism slows with age. But they're studying it anyway—and coming up with exciting research to help rev it up again. The average woman gains 1½ pounds a year during her adult life—enough to pack on 40-plus pounds by her 50s, if she doesn't combat the roller coaster of hormones, muscle loss, and stress that conspires to slow her fat-burning engine. But midlife weight gain isn't inevitable: By eating metabolism boosting foods and following the path, you'll sleep better, have more energy, feel firmer, and notice your clothes are looser in as little as 2 weeks. Here's how.
Kick off your weight loss today by skipping the artificial sweeteners. Researchers at Yale University have found a link between artificial sweetener consumption and an increased risk of obesity and excess belly fat, but nixing them from your diet could help you get rid of those unwanted pounds. Skipping the sweeteners may have another benefit for women of a certain age, too: many women find that artificial sweeteners can trigger hot flashes, so cutting them from your diet can help you keep your cool.
Being over 40 doesn't automatically mean that you now have to cut out certain foods to get (or stay) slim—unless you know deep down that a food is truly getting in the way of your goals. "If having a square of chocolate leads to eating an entire bag of chocolate, having a square of chocolate does not work for you," Cederquist says. (Regain control with these 6 tips to stop overeating.) Over 40 Workout for Men (Gain Muscle and Burn Fat)
Studies conducted at The Nutrition Institute at the University of Tennessee suggest that consuming calcium—which milk has plenty of—may help your body metabolize fat more efficiently. Other studies have shown that increased calcium intake from dairy products (though not from supplemental calcium carbonate) caused study participants to poop out more fat as opposed to it sticking around on the body. See more of our picks for the 20 Best Full-Fat Foods for Weight Loss!
"You don't have to go to the gym or go for a run, but be sure to move in some way," says Ann Kulze, M.D., a member of the Medical Advisory Board for the Wellness Councils of America and author of Dr. Ann's 10-Step Diet (Top Ten Wellness & Fitness, 2008). "A healthy metabolism requires regular movement, so don't sit for more than two hours without getting up."
Your phone company might have a recycling program. I know here in Australia we have a variety of companies that recycle or reuse old phones. Just make sure you wipe your data off the phone before getting rid of it. Some companies have a box you can put the phone, batteries and accessories in and some you go to there website and register and you can print out a label to put on your box and it helps with postage.
If there’s one supplement most Americans should be taking, it’s vitamin D. It’s essential for preserving metabolism-revving muscle tissue, but researchers estimate that a measly 20 percent of Americans take in enough via their diet. While you can nail 90 percent of your recommended daily value (400 IU) in a 3.5-ounce serving of salmon, popping a daily supplement is pretty convenient. Other good dietary sources: tuna, fortified milk and cereal, and eggs. INTERMITTENT FASTING SIX MONTH UPDATE! Losing Weight Over 40
A.D.A.M., Inc. is accredited by URAC, also known as the American Accreditation HealthCare Commission (www.urac.org). URAC's accreditation program is an independent audit to verify that A.D.A.M. follows rigorous standards of quality and accountability. A.D.A.M. is among the first to achieve this important distinction for online health information and services. Learn more about A.D.A.M.'s editorial policy, editorial process and privacy policy. A.D.A.M. is also a founding member of Hi-Ethics and subscribes to the principles of the Health on the Net Foundation (www.hon.ch).
The best exercise for weight loss is strength training, or working out with weights. This will not only prevent the muscle loss discussed above, but will also accelerate your metabolism and replace your current body fat with muscle. Strength training provides many other wonderful health benefits as well, including stronger bones, lower blood pressure, a sharper memory, and reduced risks for heart disease, cancer, and type 2 diabetes. Weight Loss Tips for Women Over 40
We know—you’ve been hearing this seemingly sadistic advice for years. Alcohol strains numerous organ systems, especially the liver, and drives your hormones out of whack. Plus, men in particular consume an additional 433 calories on days they drink, typically in the form of saturated fat, meats, and the booze itself, reports a study in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. Kominiarek advises ditching the booze entirely [if you’re trying to lose weight], but adds you should at least limit yourself to two drinks per week.
The next time you run, swim, or even walk, ramp up the intensity for 30-second intervals, returning to your normal speed afterward. Using this strategy will help you consume more oxygen and make your cell powerhouses, the mitochondria, work harder to burn energy, explains Mark Hyman, MD, an integrative and functional medicine specialist in private practice in Lenox, Massachusetts, and author of Ultrametabolism: The Simple Plan for Automatic Weight Loss. "You increase the number of mitochondria and how efficiently they burn throughout the day," he explains.This way, you can exercise for less time than it takes to plod along at the same pace and still get great results.
Studies show that how you eat and live contribute significantly to how you transition through menopause. And while Brenda vigilantly monitored her caloric intake, she was eating too much dairy and other inflammatory foods that created hormonal imbalances in addition to living an action-packed lifestyle with few outlets for stress reduction. Meanwhile, her regular, intense cardio workouts spiked Brenda’s fat-storing hormone insulin and stressed out her (already overworked) adrenal glands. Keto Success Stories Women Over 50 & 60 | Ketogenic Diet Success Stories Weight Loss Over 50
“The 50s come as a shock to many people,” warns Larson. “People who have never had trouble losing or maintaining their weight suddenly find it’s a real struggle.” You might have better life balance at this point, but your body is downshifting to a different gear, and getting super efficient at storing fat. “That doesn’t mean you give up, now or ever!” says Larson. “But you have to adjust your mindset, expect changes to come slowly, and set a new weight goal.” Larson recommends tapping up your activity and reducing your calories by 300 to 400 per day, in order to maintain.
Getting enough fiber is key to aging well and staying slim. Fiber not only helps keep you full so you can keep your portions in check, but it also helps lower cholesterol levels and keeps digestive system healthy. Several studies have found that increasing fiber intake by eating more whole grains can reduce your total and bad, LDL cholesterol levels, lower your risk for type 2 diabetes and heart disease, and help control your weight. That’s significant considering that heart disease is the leading cause of death for women in the United States, meaning the best diets for women are packed with fiber. Fiber can be found in whole grains like barley, brown rice, quinoa, oats, bulgur, millet, buckwheat, oat and wheat bran, and more. Fruits and vegetables are also great sources of fiber, as are many plant-based protein sources like beans and lentils. And here are 30 ways to get more fiber in your diet without even trying. Women: Why Do I Gain Weight In My 40's and 50's?
1. Eat less added sugar, processed food and refined grains (white bread, bagels, pasta, white rice, you know the drill). A lot less. According to the sugar science department at UCSF, added sugar is hiding in 74% of all packaged food. And, the majority of carbohydrates in the typical American diet is made of refined grains. This means reading labels folks and knowing how many different names there are for sugar. Just because it’s called “agave nectar” or “cane juice crystals” doesn’t mean it’s any better for you than the white granulated stuff. Your body doesn’t know the difference and once you eat it, it’s all the same to your pancreas (the organ that produces insulin in response to sugar). Click this link to see 61 different names of sugar then run to your pantry and read the ingredients on your packaged food. Prepare for a rude awakening!
The avocado and cucumber are innocuous enough, but the California roll’s imitation crab meat is not the protein you want to load up on. Imitation crab, or krab, isn’t a crustacean at all: the pseudo seafood is actually a mix of ground whitefish and other fillers like wheat, egg white, and transglutaminase (also known as meat glue). It also often contains harmful food dyes that mimic real crab’s rosy hue.
Sure, we’re in the golden age of television, but one of the easiest ways to increase your over-40 weight loss is by turning off the TV (as much as it may break your heart to miss the latest GoT). A study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition reveals that people who snacked while watching TV ate 10 percent more per sitting than those who focused on their food. Even more depressing, research published in the Journal of Consumer Research indicates that seeing beauty advertisements can trigger feelings of inadequacy in women, which can often lead to emotional eating. Fit and Fabulous at 50: My Amazing Body Transformation. BEFORE & AFTER Weight Loss INSPIRATION!
Halle Berry was one of the highest paid actresses in the 2000s and is the only black woman ever to receive the Academy Award for Best Actress. The 51-year-old mother of two has always been renowned for stunning looks and talent. This superwoman has starred in the X-Men series as well as the 2004 Catwoman film and is currently filming the third edition of the John Wick Franchise.
You know you should up your intake of fruits and vegetables to lose those lbs. But even more effective is ditching the meat entirely. A study out of the University of South Carolina found that folks shed more weight on a plant-based diet than those who upped their produce intake but still chowed down on animal products. In fact, a metanalysis in the Journal of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics revealed not only that people who stuck to a vegetarian or vegan diet lost roughly 10 pounds but also the older they were, the more weight they lost.
Actors and influencers who follow extreme diets to mold their bodies to play a character or to squeeze into a sample size on the red carpet may take additional measures beyond tweaking what they eat to meet their goals, according to Dr. Selzter, who often wonders whether weight-loss pills and other appetite suppressors are actually behind some celebrities' shape-shifting.
At the Cut we’re both fascinated and disturbed by the lengths celebrities will go to look the way they do: We’ve analyzed the science behind Pippa Middleton’s SirtFood diet, discovered that Jennifer Aniston considers kale chips a cheat-day snack, and balked at the fact that Kate Bosworth’s only indulgence is ketchup. We’ve also tried many celebrity diets ourselves. Our own Rebecca Harrington has attempted to eat like Beyoncé, Rihanna, and Taylor Swift — all in the name of journalism. Here, for your reading pleasure, is a guide to what we’ve learned along the way.
Your thoughts about finding a trainer actually echoes what I had started thinking. I only hesitate because of my work schedule. I put in 75 hours last week, which although a little heavier than usual, isn’t unheard of. Although never legally married, I consider myself a widower and as a single guy I do all the cooking, cleaning, shopping, laundry etc. Plus I have two dogs that require my attention daily. So I’ve become a lot more of a homebody than I ever thought I would. The nearest reputable gym that I know of is about a 30 minute drive from my home, I just can’t commit to a 2 hour time requirement so I’ve been doing the best I can at home. I am thinking about doing a 1 month membership though, just to get the proper mentoring and training but just keep putting it off. Perhaps this winter when there is less outside work that needs done and I have a little more time on my hands. Thanks again for your response and advice. How to start a healthly lifesyle and lose weight after 40 I Get fit and healthy
What you drink is just as important as what you’re eating when it comes to weight loss. A 2016 study published in the Journal of Nutrition and Dietetics reveals that well-hydrated people ate up to 206 fewer calories each day than those who skimped on the H20. For middle-aged women, staying hydrated can have particularly profound effects; drinking ice water is a recommended solution for battling the hot flashes that often accompany menopause. For more ways to hydrate and shed those unwanted pounds, add the 22 Best Teas For Weight Loss to your lineup.
Seafood sources of omega-3s such as salmon, mackerel, tuna, and fish oil supplements provide forms of omega-3s known as EPA and DHA, the types that your body can use most easily (and the types with plenty of research backing). Plant sources like walnuts, flaxseeds, chia seeds, and hemp seeds provide ALA omega-3s. ALA must be converted to EPA and DHA in your body through a process that isn’t super efficient, so plant-based sources should be supplemented with fish! Eating at least two servings of omega-3-rich fish every week covers you for your daily recommendation of 500-1,000 mg. If you don’t like fish, here are some omega-3-rich foods you can eat instead.
“Many women find themselves sacrificing so much for their significant others, their children, their careers, and their volunteer service that by the time 40 hits, they haven’t done anything for themselves in years,” Honaman points out. “Retirement and empty-nesting will be here sooner than you think. Figure out who you are, and what you enjoy, so that you don’t wake up one day, look around, and wonder who that person is in the mirror.”
If you've ever wondered how your favourite celebrities maintain their svelte figure, you're not alone. We admire their perfect bikini bodies from afar, assuming it's all because of their personal trainers and live-in chefs--and while that may be true, it's also because of their strict diets. Just in time for beach season, we're sharing the ten diets celebrities swear get them in tip-top shape.
Do think IMPOSSIBLE think I’M POSSIBLE, you can do it. I’m 58 and healthier and slimmer than at any point in my adult life having lost 4 1/2 stone in around 40 weeks (I have maintained this now for 18 months) by changing how I prepare food and substituting good food for bad and believe it or not I now eat more than before losing weight. As for exercise, I now walk to work, when the weather permits, always take the stairs and using my Fitbit to track my walks, always try to make sure that I complete 10,000 steps a day. To be honest the difference in the way I feel is incredible, I’ve gone from being out of breath walking upstairs to completing the MacMillan mighty hike, I can’t describe how good that felt. Good luck …. YOU can do it. Lose Belly Fat In 3 Days With an Easy Egg Diet
By now, you should know that weight and health problems are often the result of an accumulation from what you’re consuming. With that in mind, take a moment to think about how you’ve had at least four decades to accumulate toxins from food and drink—some seriously bad stuff that can lead to obesity. Many of those come from pesticides and hormones in your meat and produce. So start choosing organic fruits and vegetables and hormone-free meat. If the sticker prices seem silly to you, at least get started with these 17 Cheap Organic Foods You Should Be Buying! One Tip every woman over 40 needs to know to lose weight permanently
Somebody in a position of power needs to find the courage to state these things are not happening by chance, they are part of the plan to totally change the makeup of the European population. The European of the future will be a 'negroid-euro-asian' resembling North africans'.This is 'their' plan. Will we just sit and watch as our history, culture and race are eliminated?
Beyoncé is reportedly a fan of the Master Cleanse diet, also sometimes referred to (appropriately in this case) as the Lemonade diet. The Master Cleanse is essentially an all-liquid diet that at its core basically consists of lemonade, salt water, and a laxative herbal tea. If it sounds too good to be true, that's likely because it is. Proponents of the diet claim that it's a panacea for all that ails you; you'll lose weight, feel energetic, and lose your cravings for unhealthy food. How To Lose Belly Fat | Is Menopause Really to Blame Over 50?
Meals can feel fluid in your twenties. For example, maybe you had a few bites at happy hour, so you're not starving for dinner. Or maybe breakfast was an office cupcake, so you put off lunch. But those habits can lead to serious late-night munchies. Here's why: Your body is smart, says Ansel. When you don’t give it enough food during the day, it will demand it late at night, she says. Break the cycle by keeping a journal to see when you’re eating. “If you’re perpetually skipping certain meals, set an alarm on your cellphone to eat something healthy and satisfying, even if it’s just a Greek yogurt.”
As a general rule of thumb, anything that seems too good to be true probably is. And the case remains for zero-calorie artificial sweeteners found in sugar-free drinks such as Diet Coke and Diet Snapple. Yale University researchers found a link between the fake sugar and an increased risk of obesity and excess belly fat. “If drinks with artificial sweeteners are a staple of your diet, it’s best to kick the habit to maintain health and prevent diseases throughout the aging process,” says registered dietician Lisa Moskovitz.
I loved this book and have just bought 8 copies to give to some of my family members and friends who are over 40. I got the chance to read an advanced copy and it was sassy, full of life, encouraging and covered so many of the life events that seem to come with these beautiful and yet sometimes difficult years. The compilation of essays make it a fun read and allow you to hang out with so many lovely and diverse woman who are over 40. The only thing better would be having them all in the same room for a live chat. If you are longing to embrace your 40's and beyond this book is for you and all your friends.
As we age, it becomes increasingly more difficult to combat chronic diseases, maintain a healthy, and keep belly fat at bay. But contrary to what you may believe, your health isn’t actually doomed to plummet downhill with every turned page of the calendar. Sure, you may not be able to cut out bread for a week and lose pounds like you did in your twenties, but you certainly can add specific foods—like the ones below—to your diet in your quest to turn back time.
16. You’re eating on the run and bolting down your food – when you’re busy it’s easy to just scoff something at your desk or in your car. But when you eat too fast, you’re not chewing your food and it can pass through undigested. And stress can add to that by inhibiting your production of stomach acid and digestive enzymes. Not only are you missing the nutrients from the food, but undigested foods can damage your gut lining and seriously hamper your weight loss goals!
Not only is vinegar great on salad, it’s also shown to “switch on” genes that release proteins that break down fat. In a study of 175 overweight Japanese men and women, researchers found that participants who drank one or two tablespoons of apple cider vinegar daily for 12 weeks significantly lowered their body weight, BMI, visceral fat, and waist circumference.
This diet, created by trainer-to-the-stars Tracy Anderson, has reportedly been tried by the likes of Jennifer Aniston and Lady Gaga. The gist of the 7-day eating plan? Eat jarred baby food for breakfast and lunch, followed by a low-calorie dinner. Anderson cites this as a way to “eliminate toxins”—a red flag because the body naturally expels toxins. This is nothing more than a short-term crash diet that is very low in calories and nutrients. Best Ways to Lose Fat for Women Over 40 - The truth
The truth: As with any eating plan, if you can stick with the lifestyle changes it advises for a long time, it might be worth a shot. Experts also advise people transitioning to a vegan diet to replace meat and dairy with foods that have a similar nutritional profile, like tofu, beans, and dark, leafy greens to ward off nutrient deficiencies. Also, instead of Bey and Jay Z's plan, which costs about $600 for 22 days, you might want to simply try going vegan with a friend.
“After age 40, men may lose up to 8 percent of their muscle mass per decade,” Bede explains. A study analysis in Nutrition in Clinical Practice reports that loading up on protein may be enough to prevent or mitigate age-related muscle loss, known as sarcopenia. You may think you don’t need to pile it on now that you’re not pumping iron like you once were, but the researchers recommend middle-aged men still aim for at least 25 to 30 grams of high-quality protein with each meal.
These days, Yolanda Foster is the Master Cleanse’s biggest fan. But before the Housewives fan jumped on the lemon juice bandwagon, Beyonce sucked it down. She needed a plan that was fast — like 20 pounds in two weeks fast — for her dream role in Dreamgirls. “Normally they’d just change your makeup or your clothes but I wanted to go the extra mile,” Beyonce told China Daily. “Back in the sixties, models like Twiggy were popular and I knew Deena would have been thin then, so even though I love eating, it was necessary to lose weight really fast because we shot Deena at 36 and then Deena at 16 two weeks later.”
Perri Halperin, MS, RD, dietitian at Mount Sinai Hospital, says losing weight is simply a matter of consuming fewer calories than you expend, but what you eat counts, too. “Be careful of portion sizes, choose lean protein, like chicken and fish, hummus or Greek yogurt, and complex carbohydrates, like whole grains, beans and fresh fruit, use healthy fats in moderation (1 tablespoon of olive oil, ¼ of an avocado) and fill your plate with non-starchy veggies,” she recommends, adding if you reduce your daily caloric intake by 300-500 calories, you could lose a healthy 1-to-2 pounds per week.
Unlike so many other strange and icky-sounding celebrity diet claims, this one may actually have a small slice of truth associated with it. While many, if not most of the wide spectrum of health benefits that people claim are cured by apple cider vinegar are simply unproven, there is a little bit of evidence to suggest that Fox might actually have the science on her side. According to one Japanese study, study participants who took a small dose of apple cider vinegar every day (as opposed to the water that the remaining participants took) did lose slightly more weight than those who did not. Participant lost an average of between one and two pounds - a number that hardly seems worth the energy of screwing the cap off the vinegar bottle.
Tired of your usual workout? Try adding some yoga to your lineup and you might just find those pounds melting off easier than you ever thought possible. A 160-pound woman can expect to burn approximately 477 calories per hour of hot yoga; if you’re up for power yoga, that number jumps to 594. Fortunately, yoga is also low-impact and great for improving muscle tone, reducing stress on your joints and providing support for your bones that may reduce your risk of osteoporosis-related fractures.
The resident Kardashian “health freak”—who’s been showing off her killer bikini body in Cannes recently—swears by drinking ghee, a clarified butter, to keep her trim figure. “I have been eating it for years because my grandmother made it, not even knowing what it was,” Kardashian has said in the past. “Now I drink it every morning; I have one teaspoon. You melt it and you drink it first thing in the morning, and then you can’t eat or drink anything for twenty minutes after. It has to be the first thing in your stomach.” TRAINING OVER 40: Trick To build Muscle!
"So it's extremely important to know that muscle is very metabolically active and that you don't want to lose it. That being said, a typical can man can lose over the course of the age of 30 through the age of 50 anywhere between 5 and 10 pounds of muscle mass. A woman could definitely lose that -- that's a given because she, through repeated dieting and decreased physical activity, will lose that," Peeke says.
Although it’s true that egg whites are low in calories, fat-free, and contain most of the protein found in an egg, eating the entire egg is beneficial to your metabolism. The yolk contains many metabolism-stoking nutrients, including fat-soluble vitamins, essential fatty acids and—most significantly—choline, a powerful compound that attacks the gene mechanism that triggers your body to store fat around your liver. Worried about cholesterol? New studies have found that moderate consumption of two whole eggs per day has no negative effect on a person’s lipid (fat) profile and may actually improve it.
Spending time with your children or grandkids can be fun and may even lower your risk of dementia. However, all that time spent in the land of chicken nuggets and pizza might have you packing on the pounds before you know it. Many busy caregivers find themselves mindlessly eating the leftovers from their little ones, adding hundreds of calories to their daily total. Just because you’re 40 doesn’t mean you should feel old, but it also means you can’t eat like a kid anymore. The Best Ways For Men Over 40 To Lose Belly Fat
Eat clean. Our metabolism gets damaged by the chemicals and preservatives in our foods. Things like pesticides, growth hormones, trans fats, HFCS, etc. have all been linked to obesity and have even been labeled "obesogens" within the health and wellness community. Consume your foods in their most natural form as often as possible and this will have a huge impact on your metabolism overall.
From the richest Syrah to the most complex Cabernet, all blends of red wine are full of a compound called resveratrol, which reduces LDL (bad) cholesterol levels, increases HDL (good) cholesterol levels, and helps fight blood clots. In fact, this libation is so good for your heart the American Heart Association recommends drinking it—up to two glasses per day. Bottoms up! And if you need more reasons to kick back with a glass or two (as if), learn the 80 Amazing Benefits of Drinking Wine.
Picture this in your mind: You’ve dieted and worked out for the past 10 years and you’re fatter than ever. Your health is in shambles and you’re hopeless at resisting food temptation. You know better, but you look and feel like hell. It’s that kind of “negative fantasizing” that researchers say paradoxically provides powerful motivation for weight loss. A study in the journal Cognitive Therapy & Research revealed that obese women on a weight loss journey who had the most positive fantasies—showing off their new, hot bodies to friends a year later—actually lost 24 pounds fewer than those with the most negative thoughts. While it’s fun to visualize the future benefits of weight loss success, researchers say negative fantasies about weight loss mentally prepare dieters for temptation and hardship. One Tip every woman over 40 needs to know to lose weight permanently
Exercise! I have some injuries (knees, torn quad tendons, torn rotator cuffs in both shoulders, etc). So I don’t do Crossfit. I think it would mess me up. I have just started to do back squats again with very light weight. I do front squats with Kettlebells too (15 reps, 6 sets). Can’t really do dead lifts yet (have 3 herniated disks in my back). I do moderate cardio on the Stairmaster every day and then climb mountains every weekend with 20-25 pounds on my back (for 7 months a year). With my current diet I am losing more muscle than I am fat. Say 1 pound of muscle and .1 pound of fat every week. How can I reduce the muscle loss? No cardio? Do the interval training instead? My plan is to get down to 150 lb (I am 5’8″) and then start taking 5 grams of creatine a day and start building back the muscle.
Yeah, yeah, it has zero calories, but drinking diet soda may yet play havoc with your goal of having a flat belly. Research published in the journal Trends in Endocrinology & Metabolism shows that artificially sweetened beverages may screw up the body’s normal metabolic response to sugar, actually increasing appetite! Increasingly, diet drinks are being linked to weight gain, metabolic syndrome and a host of other ills. (Find out what happens to your body when you give up soda.) Best to give them a wide berth. But if you really crave something sweet…
Eat more protein. Sarcopenia, or loss of muscle due to age, has been seen as inevitable, but a great deal of its severity is dictated by diet and exercise. Protein can help! One study found that men and women between ages 70 and 79 who ate the most protein lost 40 percent less lean mass than those who ate the least protein. Muscle burns more calories, increases your insulin sensitivity, and keeps your testosterone production higher so that you can help stave off age-related health conditions, such as metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and loss of libido.
Kourtney’s not the only Kardashian who’s been a devotee to the low-carb lifestyle. Kim has jumped on the bandwagon, too, and, according to a story published in June 2016 in People, reportedly lost 60 pounds (lbs) after having her son, Saint, while on the Atkins 40 diet. Atkins 40 is a version of the Atkins diet designed for people with less than 40 lbs to lose, and has been around since the 1970s. Atkins is essentially the original keto diet and involves a very limited intake of carbs and high amounts of fat. The main difference is that on the Atkins diet you’ll slowly reintroduce carbs, so ketosis likely will only come into play during phase 1.
Hi, Thanks for this wonderful information. Exercise is one of the most powerful ways to take control of your health. Not only can it prevent heart disease, strokes, metabolic syndrome, Type 2 diabetes, Alzheimer’s and cancer, it has been shown to help with depression, insomnia and stress. I hope this information will really help everyone to get motivated toward the importance of exercises not only for lose weight but to live a healthy life.
That doesn't mean you have to live on the high-protein Atkins diet. But you should make sure that 10 to 35 percent of your total daily calories comes from protein. So if you're on an 1,800-calorie diet, 360 to 630 of those calories should come from lean sources of protein, such as fish, chicken, low-fat cheese, yogurt and legumes. "Aim to have a serving of protein, such as nuts, a small can of tuna, or a piece of low-fat string cheese, at every meal and snack," says Hampl.
Well, I’m tired, and tired of looking in the mirror wondering where my bod went? When I hit 19, I went active military from 87′ to 95’… Army SFOD then USMC 4 yrs reserve. I ran 5 miles 5x wk, did 80 push ups, 69 sit ups, 25 pull ups, <<< all in the military's required 2 minutes, followed by cool-down stretching, etc. 6'1" & 172 lbs… Lean and Mean as we said. I never smoked either. So, five years after leaving the service and ending up with a job that was lucrative, it was very, very low from a physical standpoint. I gradually was down to 2.5 miles a day x5 a wk, then just walking at work and that was all my physical activity. No more push ups, sit ups, pull ups, nothing. My energy dropped off a cliff. Fast forward to 2005. I went from 5-6 glasses of red wine a week, to 3 beers a day x5 a wk, don't eat well, no energy and have a aweful beer belly (looks like I'm pregnant), my arms and legs are thin, and my 30" waist in 2002 is now 36" , I'm 210 lbs, my belly/midsection use to be 28" in 1998, now it's 55" measuring around belly area, blood pressure is up, etc…. Sadly, my newer friends from 2000 to current are similar in shape. They all say: your 48, getting a belly is a part of life, just live with it… You'll never get back in any kind of shape… Well that last remark lit the proverbial, motivational fire under my back side, but I still just don't have the drive. The discipline is there. I need to start out slowly so as to not hurt thy self. Tried push ups and could ONLY do one!!!! I'm 40 lbs heavier now too don't forget. Sit ups?….. one…. Running: one block…. Never had a 6 pack, as those are genetic, maybe a 2 or 3 pack. I need to help myself before it causes health issues I'll regret. Lastly, Doc says to start slowly. He was Air Force and he recommended the pre-basic training physical prep program to slowly get a good routine going again, but I need a "beer belly gone in 30 days" kind of drop first off. I've heard lemon juice, lemon rind and garlic in 50% water, 50% juice, might help along with broccoli, celery, asparagus and salmon jerky, and cut out the BEER, go back to a glass of red wine every other day. He said red wine and 70% or higher pure dark chocolate are good for lowering blood pressure too. Thanks.
But a simple plan isn't always an easy plan. Changing your daily movement habits can be hard. So I've developed this 3-step plan to increase your metabolism while you keep your food intake the same. You'll create the energy deficit needed for weight loss without an expensive diet or hard-to-find foods. Follow the program for 2-3 weeks to increase your energy levels, boost your metabolism and put your weight loss program into hyperdrive.
Once you reach age 40, the weight-loss tactics you used in your 20s seem to stop working. You can no longer refuse dessert and fit in extra workout once a week to effortlessly drop a few extra pounds. Even if you make every effort to eat healthfully and exercise when possible, the number on your scale keeps climbing. Weight loss over age 40 still responds to eating fewer calories than you burn, but hormones, life's obligations and natural muscle loss makes this equation harder to achieve. Quick weight-loss efforts only backfire as they fail to teach you how to sustain any weight loss and endanger your energy and health. Stick to the safe rate of losing 1 to 2 pounds per week to get your weight on track. वजन कम करना है तो यह 12 चीज़ें खाये! (Weight Loss Food to Eat)
The theory makes sense: Your body burns carbs for energy, but if you eat them before you go to sleep, your body just stores them as fat. One study in the European Journal of Nutrition put two groups of men on identical weight loss diets. The only difference? Half of the group ate their carbs throughout the day while the second group reserved carbohydrates for nighttime. The result? The nighttime carb group showed a significantly higher diet-induced thermogenesis (meaning they burned more calories digesting their food the next day). Moreover, the daytime-carb group showed increased blood sugar levels. Another study in the journal Obesity saw similar results. Nighttime carb eaters lost 27 percent more body fat—and felt 13.7 percent fuller—than those on the standard diet.
The Transformers actress and mom of three turned to the keto diet to get her pre-baby body back. Fox told E! News in August 2104 that she cut out bread and carbs, including chips, pretzels, and crackers. She cleaned up her diet so much she says the worst thing she’d take in on any given day was coffee, and admitted to E! News: “I don’t eat anything fun.” Best Ways to Lose Fat for Women Over 40 - The truth
Feel like your metabolism is stuck in slo-mo? Coaxing your body to burn calories more efficiently doesn't require daily Spinning sessions or hours at the weight rack (though being in shape and building more muscle definitely helps). From adding an extra ingredient to your smoothie to watching a funny YouTube video, you can fan your metabolism's flames in just minutes a day by adopting these research-backed habits. 10 Minute Cardio Dance Abs Workout: Burn to the Beat- Keaira LaShae
More than anything, it seems like women over 40 recommend you travel in your twenties. Things will get even more complicated, and seeing the world is a great way to broaden your horizons and build depth in your character. It’s also very fun, which you should be having. Take photos! That doesn’t seem like something a woman in her twenties needs prompting on, but it’s a nice reminder that all these selfies you’re taking now will be cherished memories in future.
Are you a woman over 40 and noticing it’s getting harder to lose weight? Got some extra stubborn fluff and puff around the middle? Maybe you’re finding that the diets you did in your 20’s or 30’s don’t work as fast as they used to or don’t even work at all! If you’re already well past 40, chances are you’ve found it’s harder to lose weight. And, those inches around your waistline won’t budge.
Even though Beyoncé's known for her curves, she once made headlines for the Master Cleanse liquid diet that she used to lose weight for Dreamgirls. Known as the "Lemonade" diet, the Master Cleanse recommends an elixir consisting of water, lemon juice, maple syrup, and cayenne pepper. For now, she seems to have sworn off juice cleanses in favor of temporary veganism, which eliminates all animal products from your diet.
As you age, your risk for heart diseases increases. And while spreading a teaspoon of salted butter on whole-grain toast every once in a blue isn’t detrimental to your health, loading your chicken recipes with butter and buttering your pans on the daily can. Butter contains seven grams of saturated fat per tablespoon, and using just two spoonfuls can put you over your daily limit of the fat.
This is less of a diet and more of a lifestyle, which makes it one of the more sustainable options for long-term benefits. In essence, a plant-based diet means your meals are primarily composed of fruits, veggies, nuts, whole grains, and seeds. You can still eat meat when you’re plant-based, but it should be viewed as more of a side dish rather than the main component of your meals.
It takes the body extra effort to break down whole grains than more refined and processed grains, like the flour ordinarily used to make bread and pasta. You can help keep your metabolic rate elevated by consuming foods that the body has to work harder to digest. Your go-tos are whole foods that are also rich in fiber. We’re talking brown rice, oatmeal, quinoa, and sprouted grain bread.
how do actresses lose weight fast for roles body fat loss transformation | how does hollywood lose weight how do movie stars lose weight so fast
It can get overwhelming to keep up with all the superfoods out there, we know. But if there’s one amazing food you should be getting more of (and that we know you’re not), it’s seaweed. The sea plant is a great source of iodine and you can enjoy seaweed in sushi, broth-based soups, as chips or snacks, and more. “Without sufficient levels of iodine, your thyroid function becomes impaired and it’s harder for your body to burn fat,” says nutritionist Dana James of Food Coach NYC, who suggests sneaking sea vegetables into your diet at least three times a week. Seaweed also contains a compound called alginate, which has been shown to significantly cut fat absorption, says Tanya Zuckerbrot, RD, author of Miracle Carb Diet: Make Calories and Fat Disappear–with Fiber. 5 Exercise Methods That Burn Belly Fat Faster
Swap out your traditional add-ons for a dash of cinnamon. According to a study in Diabetes Care, a mere half a teaspoon of cinnamon per day can set your blood sugar, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides levels straight—and will reduce your calorie intake by 70 calories per cup. Small wonder that this simple swap is one of the 15 Best 60-Second Health Hacks.
It’s well reported that fiery capsaicin (think: hot sauce, cayenne, chili) can rev up the metabolism, but study findings presented at the Experimental Biology meeting in Anaheim, California, showed similar weight loss potential in dihydrocapsiate (DCT), the non-spicy cousin of hot peppers. Participants who ate the most DCT experienced a metabolic boost that was nearly double the placebo group! Bottom line: Pile on the poblanos! Best Ways to Lose Fat for Women Over 40 - The truth
Organic, local, gluten-free and vegan, the Sakara food plan delivers meals straight to your home or office. It's up to you to decide if you want a one-day cleanse, a five- or 20-day plan, or a three-month subscription. Whitney Tingle and Danielle DuBoise founded the company in 2011 to "promote balance in all areas of life...true health means you're making the right choices for your body because you want to, not because you have to." Customer Iman says of the program, "Danielle and Whitney make quite a pair and all they want is for women to feel good in their bodies. They are sharing their passion for great food, and great style, with the rest of the world."
She may be the most beautiful woman in the world, but boy did she eat some crazy concoctions. Elizabeth Taylor turned to her own, let’s say, unique recipes to shed some pounds, like cottage cheese with sour cream over fruit, a peanut butter–smothered steak sandwich, and a “controlled pig-out,” where she once ate a whole pizza and hot-fudge sundae.
This is known as metabolic adaptation, says Bustillo. When we drastically reduce our calories for an extended period of time, our bodies adapt to needing that smaller number of calories, which decreases our BMR. The longer this underfeeding happens, the further our BMR may drop. [CAN WE USE THE 'STARVATION MODE' ANALOGY HERE? THAT MIGHT MAKE THIS A BIT EASIER TO GRASP--THAT YOUR BODY THINKS ITS STARVING SO IT HANGS ON TO EVERY CALORIE] Reignite Your Metabolism
Hate cooking your meals? If you don’t mind totally forgoing processed foods, the raw diet may be for you. Healthline explains when you’re on a raw diet, all foods you’re consuming must be unrefined, unpasteurized, not heated above 104-118 degrees, and not treated with any chemicals or pesticides. Other preparation methods, like juicing, blending, dehydrating, and soaking, are favorable. And while most folks who use the raw diet are vegans, some do consume unprocessed dairy and raw eggs for protein.
Copyright © 2018 Leaf Group Ltd. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the LIVESTRONG.COM Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Copyright Policy. The material appearing on LIVESTRONG.COM is for educational use only. It should not be used as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. LIVESTRONG is a registered trademark of the LIVESTRONG Foundation. The LIVESTRONG Foundation and LIVESTRONG.COM do not endorse any of the products or services that are advertised on the web site. Moreover, we do not select every advertiser or advertisement that appears on the web site-many of the advertisements are served by third party advertising companies.
Government diet experts recommend that adults consume 45-65 percent of their calories from carbohydrates, 20-35 percent from fat, and 10-35 percent from protein. As you age, we recommend focusing on boosting protein towards the higher end of that range, and keeping carbohydrates and fat at the lower end. Shifting your macronutrients towards more protein and fiber and less carbohydrates and fat can help you control calories and stay lean. DIET 40+ | Program Overview | Program for Elders by GURU MANN
This diet, created by trainer-to-the-stars Tracy Anderson, has reportedly been tried by the likes of Jennifer Aniston and Lady Gaga. The gist of the 7-day eating plan? Eat jarred baby food for breakfast and lunch, followed by a low-calorie dinner. Anderson cites this as a way to “eliminate toxins”—a red flag because the body naturally expels toxins. This is nothing more than a short-term crash diet that is very low in calories and nutrients.
According to research in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, getting just three daily servings of whole grains reduced the risk of developing dangerous levels of blood pressure. Better yet, slating whole grains into your diet is effortless. Swap white rice for brown rice, white bread for seven-grain, and semolina pasta for the whole wheat stuff.
“I eat a salad every day. My need for cheese has to be controlled – that’s the thing I find hardest to resist! I also love peanut butter. If I have that on wholewheat toast in the morning, I don’t snack… I like to keep moving. I warm up every morning and do exercises and run up and down the stairs.” Choreographer and former Strictly judge Arlene, 74, slows down for no one!
Down a large Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Milkshake from Baskin-Robbins and you’ll devour 42 Chips Ahoy cookies worth of sugar and almost a half-pound worth of calories. Instead, you can make a protein shake at home with wholesome add-ins such as dates, cacao nibs, and a rich protein powder that can help you feel satiated without adding weight onto your waistline.
Go ahead, minimize your Word documents and Excel spreadsheets. Taking a quick break to look at funny cat videos on YouTube or take a Buzzfeed quiz doesn't just feel good -- you're also burning calories in the process. A study from the International Journal of Obesity showed a 10 to 20 percent increase in energy expenditure (calories burned) and heart rate during genuine laughter. This translated to an increase of 10 to 40 calories burned within 10 to 15 minutes of laughter.
Weight loss doesn’t get easier than this: Simply drinking more water may increase the rate at which healthy people burn calories, according to a study in The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism. After drinking approximately 17 ounces of water (about 2 tall glasses), participants’ metabolic rates increased by 30 percent. The researchers estimate that increasing water intake by 1.5 liters a day (about 6 cups) would burn an extra 17,400 calories over the course of the year—a weight loss of approximately five pounds!
Lifting weights is not only critical for increasing strength, but it will help you lose weight as well. Since muscle tissue is active, it requires calories to function, and increasing the amount you have will enable you to burn more calories overall. Create a weight-lifting routine filled with exercises that incorporate multiple muscles groups at once.
How My Day Went: POORLY. Representative incident: I snapped at my dad for saying “hi” to me. But the day started off well: I had a bowl of fruit and herbal tea for breakfast, which made me feel skinny, beautiful and important. Then, I got to work, and for the first few minutes, I thought, Huh, I might not need coffee. Maybe Tom Brady and I have been kindred spirits this whole time. And then the headache arrived. And then, by 9:15 a.m., I was starving, fantasizing about eggs and bagels and eggs on bagels. At 11:30 a.m., I allowed myself lunch; I broiled some flounder with herbs and olive oil, which I ate alongside kale sautéed with garlic. While satiating, the meal had a depressing lack of oomph. (Oomph is bread, FYI.)
Remember when you were little and would try to write with different hands? Eventually, a long time ago, you probably gave up on that. But personal trainer to the stars Jay Cardiello says it can be a great weight loss trick. “It takes 15 minutes for your brain to realize that you’re full,” he explains. “To give your mind time to catch up to your mouth, simply switch your fork to non-dominate hand. It may be frustrating, but it’s a simple and unnoticeable way to curb overeating and lose weight.” Find out more of Cardiello’s and other experts’ tips with these 25 Easy (and Cheap!) Ways to Lose 5 Pounds. 12 Minute Exercise "Shortcut" For Men and Women Over 40
We aren’t sure there are many people who'd turn to Jersey Shore star Snooki (née Nicole Elizabeth Polizzi) for healthy living advice. If there was one diet that made total sense for her, though, it’s the cookie diet. In 2010 she made headlines for turning to this odd snack-based regimen in an effort to lose all the weight she gained from binge drinking. "I eat six cookies a day and then I have like chicken for dinner, or fish,” she said of the diet. “Something healthy.”
Jillian Michaels, of former Biggest Loser glory, is not a fan of elimination diets and encourages people to follow an 80/20 nutrition lifestyle – 80 percent of the time focused on healthy eating and 20 percent of the time taking a more relaxed, moderate approach. Brynn McDowell, a registered dietitian and owner of The Domestic Dietitian, points out that Michaels gives tips on her blog for people who are looking to develop a healthy relationship with food and encourages people to take the time to educate themselves about what's in the foods they eat. McDowell appreciates that Michaels encourages people to read the nutrition facts panel on packages and to stick to foods with short ingredients lists. Michaels advocates for packing your lunch to alleviate the difficulty of choosing foods from restaurant menus while saving money at the same time. You Can’t Build Muscle Over 35 Without TRT!
Picture this in your mind: You’ve dieted and worked out for the past 10 years and you’re fatter than ever. Your health is in shambles and you’re hopeless at resisting food temptation. You know better, but you look and feel like hell. It’s that kind of “negative fantasizing” that researchers say paradoxically provides powerful motivation for weight loss. A study in the journal Cognitive Therapy & Research revealed that obese women on a weight loss journey who had the most positive fantasies—showing off their new, hot bodies to friends a year later—actually lost 24 pounds fewer than those with the most negative thoughts. While it’s fun to visualize the future benefits of weight loss success, researchers say negative fantasies about weight loss mentally prepare dieters for temptation and hardship.
A new report from the Credit Suisse Research Institute found that more and more of us are choosing whole-fat foods over skim, lite, fat-free or other modern monikers of leanness. And while many health organizations like the American Heart Association still want us to cut down on fat—particularly saturated fat—this full-fat trend may be a healthy rebellion against those decades-old credos, according to recent studies. In fact, people who eat a lot of high-fat dairy products actually have the lowest incidence of diabetes, according to a 2015 study of 26,930 people in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. Those who ate a lot of low-fat dairy products, on the other hand, had the highest incidence. The researchers speculated that while calcium, protein, vitamin D, and other nutrients in yogurt are indeed good for us, we need the fat that goes along with them in order to reap their protective effects. These are some of the 20 Best Full-Fat Foods for Weight Loss!
I’m 64 and was in the same boat, Barbara. Stressed, long hours at work, family obligations, with no time for the gym or to go on weekend bike rides with my friends. I started walking the 3 miles to and from work as the most efficient way to get daily exercise. As a bonus, the walking helped relieve my mental stress, to some degree. (I am lucky to have a pleasant and safe 3 mile route to work, and realize not everyone is so lucky.) Despite all that walking, though, I gained 15-20 pounds over 2 years. This year, I got a little more time to take up weekend biking again, but still the weight did not budge. So, I decided to try Weight Watchers when I found that there is an on-line only option (who needs another weekly meeting to go to when she is already stressed for time?). It turned out to be the key for me. I have lost 37 pounds in 4.5 months and am now only 6 pounds from my target (what I think is my ideal) weight. You can have your Fitbit feed into the WW app on your phone, making it easy to track your walking and biking contributions to “fitpoints”, which help to determine how much you can eat and still lose weight. What WW really does is make you mindful of everything you eat (because you log it all on an easy to use phone app), and guides you to making better choices (basically, avoid processed foods, white flour, white rice, sweets, etc most of the time, though you can have all of these once in a while and still stick to the plan). For me, the plan has been easy to follow; I rarely feel deprived on it. There are no special foods or supplements to buy, I can go to restaurants or to meals at the homes of friends and relatives and either choose the most suitable items available to eat, or make up for excesses pretty easily either before or after the fact. I don’t know if my plan will work for you or others, but wanted to throw it out as an option in case it might.
As well as having many acting achievements under her belt, Ashley Judd is a passionate advocate of the #metoo campaign. The 50-year old actress was one of the first to open about her sexual harassment by Harvey Weinstein and has been incredibly vocal with her support for others. The stunning brunette recently appeared in Twin Peaks and is more recently known for her lead role in the Divergence series.
Heading backstage at the annual Victoria's Secret fashion show can be an intimidating experience—but it also leaves a lot of opportunity to pick up on some really stellar beauty tips. Case in point: Ab-tastic Josephine Skriver revealed to Fashionista that her favorite de-bloating method is simply to drink a mugful of hot water first thing in the morning and then again before bed. "It really helps clean me out, and it's cleared up my skin a lot," she said. "Think about cleaning your drain at home—if you do it with normal water, nothing really happens, but with hot water, it clears out the whole thing."
ex-Spice Girl, fashion designer and mother of four Victoria Beckham cites the alkaline diet as her method of maintaining her incredibly svelte figure. The diet tries to keep the body's pH level between 7.35 and 7.45 by ultimately aiming the dieter to eat 80% alkaline (fruits, vegetables, nuts and legumes – fennel, broccoli, grapefruit and kale are considered the most alkaline) and 20% acidic (wheat and dairy products, coffee, sugar, meat, fish and alcohol) foods.
I was a vegan for ten years before I started eating meat again recently due to low energy and a few health issues. I started with bone broths and putting those in my beans (that I was soaking, sprouting and 2x boiling). Then I moved to eggs. I also found a good source for raw milk and made my own kefir. My body loved all of these things and my energy
The secret to Katy Perry's "California Gurl" body? Mushrooms. With the M-Plan diet, Perry eats a mushroom-packed lunch or dinner every day for 14 days, then watches the pounds slip off. Great for removing unwanted bulk from problem areas like the stomach and thighs, the program still allows the dieter to retain her womanly shape—the mushroom meal plan won't effect the bust.
11:00AM: Giant salad with fresh organic greens, sprouts, nuts/seeds, cherry tomatoes, cucumber, and feta cheese drizzled with olive oil. Or if you’re short on time, whip up a green smoothie blended up with organic veggies like broccoli, celery, spinach, cucumber, fresh mint leaves, olive oil, soaked chia seeds, purified water, and a dash of stevia.
Your go-to fast food joints achieve perfectly crispy fries by frying the spuds in oil that has been reused over and over again. A study in the Canadian Journal of Dietetic Practice and Research found that heating oil to the smoking point during stir-frying may decrease the amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids because of oxidative degradation. Those are the heart-healthy fats that nourish your skin and joints. Instead of grabbing a bag of fries at the drive-thru, opt for baking your own at home with a brush of olive oil and fresh herbs.
“I always start with ginger tea, which is black tea with milk, honey, ginger, and cardamom,” Top Chef host Padma Lakshmi told Eat This, Not That! about her breakfast ritual. “Then I’ll have a green juice with kale, beets, mint, apple, carrots, and ginger or a three-egg-white, one-yolk scramble. If I’m hungry, I’ll add half a cup of one percent cottage cheese to the eggs.”
This is the single most beneficial article I have ever encountered in my searches for the past few years to be honest – following this to a T and have lost 13lbs in 3 weeks – feel great. This is better than anything I have tried in the past. I will say I am doing the ketogenic fasting daily, on the 8/16 schedule. After the first week, I don’t even feel hungry anymore during the fast – I set myself for no eats from 8pm – Noon, but now go until 1-2pm before I start up again, still shut down at 8pm regardless. I have been kayaking, working out, and no loss in strength/stamina – much the opposite. Feel great, solid mental state – good stuff here. Been sharing it with friends.
If you're anything like most post-40 women I know, you're in the business of coordinating life amidst everyday chaos -- work, husband, dirty laundry, hyper kids. And that's exactly what those frozen-cappuccino peddlers are counting on. You drive up, run in, pop a straw through the top, and peel off to pick up Junior at swim camp. Big mistake. Studies show that your body doesn't register a feeling of fullness from the calories you drink. Whether it's juice, soda, or alcohol, your body won't say to itself, "Wow, that eight-ounce glass really filled me up." If you ate an orange instead of drinking the juice, you would feel satisfied. But instead, liquid calories help you gain weight by causing you to overeat later. Do me a favor: Keep a piece of fruit in your bag at all times. Whenever you want a snack, drink a 12-ounce glass of water, then eat the fruit. Not only will you feel full, but most importantly you'll stay that way until dinner. And your hips will thank you.
Back in January, Posh tweeted a picture of the cookbook Eating the Alkaline Way. "Love this healthy eating cook book!!" she enthused. Clearly, it loves her back; Beckham has maintained her signature svelte frame with a diet rich in fruits and vegetables that curtails consumption of acid-forming foods like dairy, pasta, meat and fish. The goal? To keep the body's pH balance between 7.35 and 7.45. Other famous fans of the diet book, penned by Natasha Corrett, the stepsister of Sienna Miller, include Jennifer Aniston, Kirsten Dunst and Gwyneth Paltrow. Hormones and Weight Gain after 40's
We'd be remiss not to include Madame Goop, who pretty much writes the book (or rather, blog) on whacky detox methods. After a period of indulgence (which could just mean that she had a solitary cigarette and glass of wine), Gwyneth likes to rely on an elimination diet to get her body back to square one. This entails cutting out a laundry list of foods that can potentially aggravate bodily allergies and disturb digestion, ranging from gluten to dairy to orange juice.
After suffering for many years with everything from bullying to bulimia, Lady Gaga dropped 25 to 30 pounds with a low-glycemic index diet. Gaga is said to have followed the 5-Factor Diet, only eating healthy foods from five categories – healthy fats, fiber, "low-glycemic" carbohydrates, protein and sugarless drinks. (The glycemic index ranks foods by the speed at which they raise blood sugar levels as they get digested.) She avoided highly-processed meats, fried foods, foods high in saturated fat (like butter, ice cream and desserts), simple carbohydrates (including white bread and white rice) and sugary treats. Her plan included eating five times per day, usually broken down into two meals and three light snacks.
Holiday weight – usually all but melted by Valentine’s Day – seems reluctant to budge when you throw your old tricks at it. If it seems that something important has shifted, you’re right. Your metabolism is slowing, and your muscle mass is decreasing. That’s a harsh reality, but there are some new tricks for you to learn to keep spry for years, even decades to come. We’ve listed 40 of them for you here so that you needn’t go gentle into that good night. Building Muscle After 40?!
Curcumin, this bright-colored root spice’s main antioxidant, has shown to prevent a plethora of ailments from inflammation to cancer. Good thing you can easily reap its benefits by sprinkling turmeric into practically anything! (We especially love it on over-easy eggs.) To enhance its effects, pair turmeric with black pepper, as the latter activates the former’s bioavailability.
You've heard this one before, but it's worth repeating! Eating smaller meals more often throughout the day can help fire up your fat-burning furnace. Susie Akers, director at the Aamoth Family Pediatric Wellness Center at MetroHealth and gastroenterology dietitian, recommends you consume at least three to four times a day instead of only one to two times to keep your metabolism up and avoid excessive portions with large meals. 12 Minute Exercise "Shortcut" For Men and Women Over 40
A 2014 study found that the type of fat we consume might make all the difference. Participants in the study were asked to eat 750 extra calories every day for seven weeks. Those having excess calories from saturated fats had activated cells that promoted fat storage in the belly and increased insulin resistance. However, individuals who had a high consumption of polyunsaturated fats found in fatty fish, nuts and seeds, gained less abdominal fat and were more likely to increase muscle mass instead.
Exercise & Cortisol Levels How to Lose Lower Stomach Pudge How to Lose Cellulite in 2 Weeks How to Get a Flat Stomach After Forty Progesterone & Heart Palpitations Is Estrogen Released When Belly Fat Is Lost? Exercise and Its Effects on Serotonin & Dopamine Levels Bloody Discharge After Exercise How to Flatten a Fat Pouch Above the Belly Button Does Exercise Reduce Acne? Bodybuilding and Stomach Fat While Bulking How to Burn Lower Stomach Fat The Effects of Lack of Exercise on the Body Exercise & Spotting Between Periods Testosterone and Weight Loss in Women Fast Belly Fat-Burning Exercises in Just One Week How to Burn Belly Fat Into Muscle Will an Ovarian Cyst Cause Pain During Exercising? What Is a Healthy Weight for Trying to Get Pregnant? How to Lose Weight in Hips & Thighs
I’m 45 years old, I’m st my highest weight ever and extremely frustrated. I have fybormyalga and recently had brain surgery so my exercise lever is low. But I’ve been doing the slimfast shakes for the last two months, I cut my calorie intake down but I’ve only lost 6 lbs. Is slimfast even a good way to go or should I try something else. Please help I need to lose 30 lbs. Smart Cardio For Men Over 40 -- Functional Cardio Day
22. You’re not doing the right exercise – are you’re going to the gym or doing your exercise classes, and wondering why the weight isn’t falling off? Firstly, exercise alone won’t make much difference to your weight. You need to eat right too. Secondly, your body gets used to long slow cardio, so it’s important to mix it up with some resistance training, burst or high intensity training and core work or stretching. These types of exercise help to maintain muscle, and stimulate growth hormone and testosterone, which increase your metabolism and help you burn fat. Losing Weight After 40 - Super Effective Tips!
There is no single diet plan that works for everyone. But a diet plan for your 40s should be one that you can use to reach your weight loss goals and then modify and stick to for life. Evaluate your current eating style, think about your past diet history and choose a diet that fits your needs. Evaluate commercial diet plans or create your own eating plan at home. How to Boost Your Metabolism By 50% After 40
You need to eat less. It doesn't matter if all you eat is grilled chicken, brown rice, and broccoli. If you don't cut back on your portions, you won't lose weight. Everyone's calorie needs are different, but in general, a woman eating 2,000 calories per day should aim to cut back by 400 to 500 calories, recommends Frances Largeman-Roth, RDN, nutrition expert and author of Eating in Color. (These 5 simple ways to cut 500 calories can help.)
Gwyneth Paltrow famously turned to a macrobiotic diet in 1999, partly because of her dad’s illness (he died in 2002 from complications from oral cancer), but also because Leonardo DiCaprio planted the seed of “how dirty meat is” in her head years ago. She doesn’t give her kids gluten, she avoids dairy, and pesticides are a no-no. But, see, there's nothing wrong with a weekend treat. For her, it’s cigarettes and booze. It’s all about the ying and the yang, people. My Top 5 Ab Exercises For Men Over 40 -- With Clark Bartram
It's unsurprising that some of our favorite A-listers have some tricks up their sleeves for looking their very best. Some of their methods, however, are definitely on the quirky side. From Kim Kardashian's waist-whittling corset to Miranda Kerr's sexy secret to a taut tummy, here, the oddest lengths that celebs go to in the name of a hot bod. (Spoiler: Many of them are actually expert-approved.)
It's tougher than ever for celebrities to live and age under the scrutiny of public pressure, if their continual body-shaming is any evidence. And while some claim to eat cheeseburgers and work out whenever they feel like it, others are taking...unconventional means to trim their waists. Japanese potatoes? Baby food? Whiskey? Ahead, some of the strangest fad diets and anti-aging hacks stars have ever tried.
Eating more often can help you lose weight. When you eat large meals with many hours in between, your metabolism slows down between meals. Having a small meal or snack every 3 to 4 hours keeps your metabolism cranking, so you burn more calories over the course of a day. Several studies have also shown that people who snack regularly eat less at mealtime. How to Build Lean Muscle Mass for GUYS OVER 40
"The kind of physical activity that people are choosing to do in their 40s is nowhere near as intense as it's supposed to be. So to get over that metabolic speed bump we ask for an increase in intensity on the part of these happy campers. What does that mean? Instead of walking on the flat, throw in some hills. Ramp up the resistance on your resistance training, or for that matter the resistance on a cross-trainer. It's all the same." 44 Year Old Dad Bod Transformation | Lost Over 50 lbs
With one of the most enviable figures in Hollywood, Megan Fox looks to the 5 Factor Diet, developed by celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak. A five-week plan, the diet involves eating five meals a day made with five ingredients per meal that must include protein, healthy fats, healthy carbs, fibre and a sugar-free drink, one 'cheat day' is allowed were dieters can eat what they like.
We know, we know: It’s flu season. But we’re sorry to say that, after our research team here at Eat This, Not That! dug into the science, we have some bad news for you: Your hand sanitizer could be making you fat. Triclosan is a synthetic antibacterial agent frequently added to soap. It’s referred to by researchers as an “obesogen”—a compound that can potentially cause weight gain by disrupting the body’s endocrine (hormone) system. Studies suggest that triclosan can negatively affect the thyroid. As thyroid hormones control metabolism, any hit to the organ’s functionally could cause you to gain weight. The evidence is of particular concern for hospital workers, researchers say, as they’re exposed to the antibacterial agent on a regular basis and often show significantly higher levels of triclosan in their urine. A study in the journal PLOS One found a detectable level was associated with a 0.9-point increase in body mass index (BMI). If you’re a frequent hand-washer, experts recommend sticking to good ol’ soap—not the antibacterial kind—and to buy organic cleansers when possible.
Being 40 means that you can have a lot to contend with over the course of a given day. “Always be prepared for a busy or unpredictable day by keeping healthy snacks on you, at your desk, in your car,” says Amy Shapiro. She suggests having almonds or other unsalted nuts, apples, bananas, chia bars, protein bars, or other fruit and nut bars close at hand. Shapiro says that if you have to skip breakfast, lunch, or even dinner during your quest to look your best, you can keep your energy levels up while making healthy choices. “You’ll have no reason to run to the vending machine for chips or stick your hand in the candy bowl,” she says. Need some ideas? Stock up on some of these 50 Best Healthy Snacks for Weight Loss!
“The 50s come as a shock to many people,” warns Larson. “People who have never had trouble losing or maintaining their weight suddenly find it’s a real struggle.” You might have better life balance at this point, but your body is downshifting to a different gear, and getting super efficient at storing fat. “That doesn’t mean you give up, now or ever!” says Larson. “But you have to adjust your mindset, expect changes to come slowly, and set a new weight goal.” Larson recommends tapping up your activity and reducing your calories by 300 to 400 per day, in order to maintain. Losing Weight After 40 - Super Effective Tips!
If you grew up in the 90s, you either wanted to be or wanted to be with Jennifer Anniston. And now at 49 years old, it doesn’t seem like that has changed for the stunning starlet. Jennifer Aniston remains the celebrity crush of all men, women, boys and girls across the world. From her days as everyone’s favourite friend, Rachel Green with her signature straight hair and midpart, to that sexy strip scene in We Are The Millers, Jen has still got it. She remains a regular on the Hollywood scene and recently separated from second husband, director and screenwriter Justin Theroux.
Grocery trips become a lot harder (and infrequent) with a kid in tow. So it's important to pack your pantry with healthy packaged foods that make quick meals. A bowl of oatmeal with fruit, nuts or chia seeds, and low-fat milk takes two minutes to make and can keep you full for hours. Same goes for scrambled eggs or whole-wheat French toast, says Ansel. Another idea: Stock up on low-sugar tomato sauce, whole-wheat pasta, and canned white beans, and toss them together for a 15-minute meal. You can also take two minutes to combine canned tuna or salmon with salad greens and some grape tomatoes, she says.
It can get overwhelming to keep up with all the superfoods out there, we know. But if there’s one amazing food you should be getting more of (and that we know you’re not), it’s seaweed. The sea plant is a great source of iodine and you can enjoy seaweed in sushi, broth-based soups, as chips or snacks, and more. “Without sufficient levels of iodine, your thyroid function becomes impaired and it’s harder for your body to burn fat,” says nutritionist Dana James of Food Coach NYC, who suggests sneaking sea vegetables into your diet at least three times a week. Seaweed also contains a compound called alginate, which has been shown to significantly cut fat absorption, says Tanya Zuckerbrot, RD, author of Miracle Carb Diet: Make Calories and Fat Disappear–with Fiber.
That mom of three who also teaches spin class and always looks fanfreakintastic? Awesome. But that’s not attainable for everyone, which can leave you feeling frustrated that you can’t be a workout god or goddess, too. The good news: You only need 2 ½ minutes to boost your metabolism and start burning calories, too. Research printed in the journal Physiological Reports showed that people who did five 30-second bursts of max-effort cycling, followed by 4 minutes of rest, burned 200 extra calories that day and boosted their metabolism for the next 24-48 hours. It’s highly unlikely you have a stationary bike handy at your place of work, but a similar result could be achieved by running up the stairs and doing jumping jacks. And while we’re talking work, check out these 21 Ways Your Job Is Making You Fat. TRAINING OVER 40: Trick To build Muscle!
Once you hit the big 4-0, it’s not only the number of candles on your cake that signifies you’re getting old, it’s also the achy feeling in your joints and the inability to slash those last five pounds off your frame. While aging in reverse is a miracle we’d all like to get in on, there are a few tweaks you can make to your diet to help slow down the process, such as eliminating certain foods that age you.
There's a reason why you're supposed to consult your doctor before overhauling your diet: Some eating plans can aggravate existing health conditions. For instance, large quantities of protein can worsen organ function in people with kidney disease, while unbalanced meals (i.e., mono meals comprising only, say, fruit or potatoes) could cause a diabetic's high blood sugar to spike, leading to nerve damage and other complications over time.
It’s time to sniff your way slim. Switching up your fragrance can do more than make you smell delicious, it can also help you shed those extra pounds as you age. The results of a study published in the Journal of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgery reveal that sniffing scents like apple and mint increased weight loss among study subjects, so seek out fragranced products, like tea tree shampoo or apple-inflected perfume, for maximum effect. 9 Ways That Can Help You Reduce Menopausal Belly Fat
Adding a leg day to your workouts can help you tone up your lower half and make it easier to shave off unwanted weight. Not only will increasing your muscle tone help you burn more calories, research conducted at Chungnam National University suggests that individuals with more muscle tone in their lower bodies have a lower risk of falls and fractures that may keep them from getting adequate exercise for months, if not years. A study published in Gerontology also suggests that strong legs are a good indicator of the strength of another important muscle: your brain. How to stay slim over fifty
One of the most important things you can do to lose pounds as you age is to shed water weight. Drinking more water will actually help reduce bloat, as will cutting the amount of salt in your diet — it immediately affects how your kidneys control the water balance in your body. An excess of salt may cause the body to retain water, leading to swelling. Avoid condiments, chips, pretzels, frozen and canned foods, deli meat, bread and other baked goods like they’re the second season of True Detective.
WHAT IT IS: Developed by former scientist Dr. Barry Sears, The Zone Diet involves getting 40 percent of your daily total caloric intake from carbohydrates, 30 percent from carbs and 30 percent from fats. According to Sears, balancing the correct amount of amino acids with carbs helps control the appetite to prevent over-eating (which leads to weight gain). Followers eat three portion-controlled meals and two snacks a day, preventing you from getting too hungry – or cranky. Hollywood hottie Jennifer Aniston was such a big fan, some have even called it the “Jennifer Aniston Diet."
It isn’t so much the metabolism slowing in my 50’s as it is the bad habits associated with youth. A box of Mac and Cheese was not a bad choice when competitive and highly active, I needed the carbs. But the mindset that a full box is a single sized serving remains despite the slow down in activity and metabolism. That’s where the real challenge lies. Too many years of eating rabbit food only after it was processed into a rabbit (or steer preferrably) with potato or corn as the only acceptable vegetable.
According to research in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition, getting just three daily servings of whole grains reduced the risk of developing dangerous levels of blood pressure. Better yet, slating whole grains into your diet is effortless. Swap white rice for brown rice, white bread for seven-grain, and semolina pasta for the whole wheat stuff.
Ready to get serious about managing your money and planning for retirement but don’t want to listen to boring financial advisers toss around money and stock jargon you don’t even understand? Good, because Jill Schlesinger is ready to help with informative interviews and financial advice, all crafted with easy-to-understand concepts for those not so financially savvy.
Eva Mendez has said she includes rice and beans, a dish she grew up with and adores, in her diet. Whether you're trying to lose weight or not, it's so important to eat foods you love on a regular basis. She also reportedly makes sure to drink plenty of water, which is essential for healthy hydration and to help move foods along in the system. My one caution with prescribing Eva's eating pattern: She's said to eat the same meals for lunch and dinner every day, while I think it's important to have variety in your diet – especially in terms of fruits and vegetables – to give you enough different nutrients. Having variety also helps beat boredom and ensures a great chance of sticking to a plan.
Are menopausal changes affecting your weight? Many women struggle with weight loss before, during, and sometimes even long after menopause. Weight gain at this time may be related to changes in your hormones. But this is also a time when many women make changes to their daily routines that may affect their weight. For example, after the kids leave home some women are not as busy during the day with non-exercise physical activities like carrying groceries, lifting laundry baskets and other household chores. Evaluate your lifestyle to make sure that a change in your daily habits isn’t affecting your weight. Top 10 Foods That Help Lose Belly Fat - Tips To Burn Belly Fat
Drinking water is essential for all your body’s functions and it dramatically ups your odds are of staying thin. In fact, one University of Utah study found that dieters who downed two cups of water before each meal lost 30 percent more weight than their counterparts who didn’t sip any H20 before noshing. If you don’t have a water cooler at your office, fill a BPA-free bottle with water at home. If you drink two cups before breakfast, lunch, and dinner, that just leaves you with two more cups before you meet your minimum recommendation for the day. So easy!
Not only is vinegar great on salad, it’s also shown to “switch on” genes that release proteins that break down fat. In a study of 175 overweight Japanese men and women, researchers found that participants who drank one or two tablespoons of apple cider vinegar daily for 12 weeks significantly lowered their body weight, BMI, visceral fat, and waist circumference.
After rising to fame in the 1970’s following three consecutive Sports Illustrated spreads, Christie Brinkley has never left our hearts. The model, actress and businesswoman is now 64 years old and has founded several successful businesses. The former partner of Tommy Lee and face of Max Factor, Diet Coke, Chanel No.19, Nissan and Revlon, Brinkley now focuses on her beauty line and is raising her three children. She still regularly graces the covers of magazines and does editorial spreads.
If you’re doing all the right things and your weight remains the same, make an appointment with a registered dietitian, who will help you create a customized plan to reach your goals. And if moving more and eating a healthy diet doesn't work, Goddard recommends consulting a physician who specializes in weight loss to treat insulin resistance and pre-diabetes. After all, the battle of the bulge can only get harder to win with age — even for Charlize Theron.
Instead of ditching carbs or going low-fat, try a diet that's rich in veggies, beans, and legumes to increase your metabolism — and keep your blood sugar from spiking. "Many people think weight is all about calories in, calories out, but quality also matters," says Aunna Pourang, M.D. "[In a 2012 study], low-carb diets showed the most increase in metabolism, but also showed an increase in the stress hormone cortisol. This is why scientists concluded that the low-glycemic diet worked the best."
That mom of three who also teaches spin class and always looks fanfreakintastic? Awesome. But that’s not attainable for everyone, which can leave you feeling frustrated that you can’t be a workout god or goddess, too. The good news: You only need 2 ½ minutes to boost your metabolism and start burning calories, too. Research printed in the journal Physiological Reports showed that people who did five 30-second bursts of max-effort cycling, followed by 4 minutes of rest, burned 200 extra calories that day and boosted their metabolism for the next 24-48 hours. It’s highly unlikely you have a stationary bike handy at your place of work, but a similar result could be achieved by running up the stairs and doing jumping jacks. And while we’re talking work, check out these 21 Ways Your Job Is Making You Fat.
There’s a host of benefits that come with walking more, from stress relief to stronger leg muscles. But the simple act can ward off weight gain simply because you expend more calories than taking the elevator or parking as close as possible to the door. But for weight loss and to actually start burning, you’ll need to walk 3 mph, which is as if your plane is about to start boarding and you are still walking toward your gate. And while they don’t have to all be 3 mph steps, the average recommendation is 10,000 steps a day. Make your steps extra effective and easier on your routine but incorporating these 30 Tips for Walking for Weight Loss.
“You should also increase your collagen intake because as you age, your ability to synthesize collagen decreases,” says LeVeque. “I always have my older clients use a collagen-based protein in their smoothies versus a plant- or whey-based protein because of that anti-aging piece.” Her two top choices? Vital Proteins Collagen Peptide ($25 for 10 ounces) and Primal Kitchen Collagen Fuel ($36). “Primal Kitchen makes a flavored collagen that my clients usually add to their morning smoothies, and the Vital Protein option offers travel packs that I send to my female clients,” says LeVeque. “You can rip one open and pour it into a cup of hot coffee or tea before drinking it.”
47-year-old Jennifer Connelly started out as a child model before making her acting debut in 1984. She went on to win an Academy Award and a Golden Globe for her role in A Beautiful Mind. She has since played several other significant parts. With two children she has been included in the lists of world’s most beautiful women by Time, Vanity Fair and Esquire, as well as the Los Angeles Times newspaper.
Whether it’s playing with your dog, carrying the stroller for your family members with little ones, or exploring a nature path, it’s crucial to fit in extra activity when you can. “Metabolism and hormonal changes in your 40s create an ideal environment for excess fat storage in women – especially in the midsection,” says Marisa Moore, MBA, RDN, LD. “In your 40s, activity is essential.”
Also known as the caveman diet, the paleo diet is based on the premise that we should be eating like our prehistoric ancestors if we want to avoid developing heart disease, diabetes, cancer and other diseases. This means you will be eating lots of lean protein, fish, fruits, vegetables and healthy fats. As for what you eliminate from your diet, this includes dairy, potatoes, refined sugar, salt, and refined vegetable oils (such as canola). This diet calls for much cooking from scratch, so be prepared to get busy in the kitchen. The payoff? Potentially developing a killer bod.
There is no single diet plan that works for everyone. But a diet plan for your 40s should be one that you can use to reach your weight loss goals and then modify and stick to for life. Evaluate your current eating style, think about your past diet history and choose a diet that fits your needs. Evaluate commercial diet plans or create your own eating plan at home.
While most Americans consume plenty of protein, research shows that some women begin skimping on the muscle-sustaining nutrient as they age, consuming less than the RDA. Calorie-conscious dieters also tend to cut back on protein, when they should be doing the opposite. "Cutting back causes your body to rob your muscles for energy, leaving you thinner but also flabbier and weaker," says Dr. Apovian. "Not only does losing muscle make your clothing fit poorly, but you begin to burn fewer calories, so even if you're eating the same amount, you can easily regain the weight you shed." Having less muscle mass also makes you weaker, making it harder to do simple activities, so you become more inclined to crash on the couch. Eventually, the scale climbs back up and you start all over again, chipping away at muscle mass and putting the chill on your metabolism with each diet you try. The Best Diet for Women Over 40
If you're genetically predisposed to gain weight easily, that may be another strike against you. Even if you don't actually gain weight, you may still gain inches around the waist. This weight gain can be so frustrating, it's easy to become obsessed with losing it, starving yourself or exercising too much or maybe even looking into the latest plastic surgery procedure.
You know the ones: In 30 seconds or less, you watch a mysterious pair of hands layer cookie dough with Oreos with brownie mix. Bake, cut, and oh how yummy—and insanely, ridiculously, break-the-chair fattening. “The internet and social media sites are basically making you fat,” Lisa Hayim, MS, RD, and founder of The WellNecessities, told us for our article on The 30 Worst Flat Belly Mistakes Women Make. “If it isn’t 25 ways to eat tater tots then it’s [another] national [something] day. The internet has made it basically impossible to stay away from cravings and indulgences. These are not excuses to eat unhealthy food.” Next time you see one of those videos, ask yourself how you could make it healthier—and if you can’t, click out of it and never look back. Losing Weight after 60: Get Back in Shape after the Dreaded “Middle Age Spread”
Here’s how to rock a Wild Workout: Warm up with light cardio, mobility, and dynamic stretching (at least 60 seconds). Work out and get your blood pumping for 20 seconds, followed by 10 seconds of rest. Repeat 10 times for a total of 5 minutes. You can do simple exercises like jumping rope or pedaling as hard as you can on a stationary bike. If you’re more athletic, try burpees or hill-sprints. Do whatever full-body movement is best for you—but do it as hard as you can and don’t forget the 10 second rests (hint: if you’re doing it right, you definitely won’t forget to rest between sets!).
As your body nears menopause, it burns calories less efficiently. The end result is that although you may be following the same diet that kept you slim at 30, it no longer works when you're 40 or 50. Cutting a mere 100 calories from your daily consumption can put you back on track. What's 100 calories? It's equal to a small snack. Another way to look at it: At the end of the day, it's the same as leaving two bites of every meal untouched on your plate.
Women in their 40s should be picky about their haircuts with due regard to the face shapes – otherwise, they may miss a nice chance to balance facial features and to get the desired rejuvenating effect. "A lot of women get hung up on long hair making their face look slimmer but a lot of the time that's not the case," says Jen Atkin. Indeed, while round face shapes do strive for slimming, narrow faces will hardly benefit from it.
Colonoscopy	Outpatient procedure in which a doctor inserts a long, flexible instrument - about 1/2 inch in diameter - into the rectum to view the rectum and entire colon. Many experts say colonoscopy is the most accurate colon cancer screening	50 (or earlier with certain risk factors)	Every 10 years, more often for those with risk factors, a family history or history of colon polyps.
Bone broth is exactly what it sounds like: when animal bones simmer in water for a while, the process extracts their collagen and other nutrients such as glucosamine. According to a study published in the journal PLoS One, when overweight, middle-aged adults took a glucosamine supplement, they were able to decrease inflammation biomarker serum CRP levels by 23 percent more than those who didn’t supplement their diets with glucosamine. In addition, bone broth contains the amino acids glycine and proline in addition to gelatin, which can help rebuild your gut lining to help your body’s biome function on its A-game.
Scarfing breakfast while checking email, working through lunch, and scrolling through your phone during dinner: Sound familiar? “When we eat in front of a computer or any screen, we eat more and feel less satisfied than when we eat in a tech-free zone,” says Ansel. Breaking the habit isn’t easy (we get it, a girl's got to multitask), but consuming fewer mindless calories is worth the struggle. If you can’t get out to eat lunch during the workday, visit the office break room for a few minutes to chow down. Then, attempt to eat dinner without the TV on or your phone in front of you. You might find that you actually like focusing on your food.
Whole foods contain an assortment of vitamins, minerals, and nutrients that act as metabolic spark plugs, giving you the energy to get up and move around. That’s the theory behind increasingly popular diets like Paleo, which eschews processed foods in favor of lean meat and vegetables. Without preservatives and unnecessary crap in your food, your body will burn clean, and that translates to a faster-moving metabolic engine.
Feel like your metabolism is stuck in slo-mo? Coaxing your body to burn calories more efficiently doesn't require daily Spinning sessions or hours at the weight rack (though being in shape and building more muscle definitely helps). From adding an extra ingredient to your smoothie to watching a funny YouTube video, you can fan your metabolism's flames in just minutes a day by adopting these research-backed habits. Over 40? "The Fat Burning Zone!"
Many people become more sedentary as they age because the effects of injuries and impact have made working out a painful prospect. That’s why swimming is a great workout. The fact that it’s low impact is just one reason: It also builds endurance. One study of men and women who engaged in swim training for 12 weeks showed that their maximum oxygen consumption improved by 10 percent, and stroke volume (the amount of blood pumped with each heartbeat, which indicates the organ’s strength) improved as much as 18 percent. How To Lose Weight After Menopause (FAST & NATURAL!)
Your thoughts about finding a trainer actually echoes what I had started thinking. I only hesitate because of my work schedule. I put in 75 hours last week, which although a little heavier than usual, isn’t unheard of. Although never legally married, I consider myself a widower and as a single guy I do all the cooking, cleaning, shopping, laundry etc. Plus I have two dogs that require my attention daily. So I’ve become a lot more of a homebody than I ever thought I would. The nearest reputable gym that I know of is about a 30 minute drive from my home, I just can’t commit to a 2 hour time requirement so I’ve been doing the best I can at home. I am thinking about doing a 1 month membership though, just to get the proper mentoring and training but just keep putting it off. Perhaps this winter when there is less outside work that needs done and I have a little more time on my hands. Thanks again for your response and advice.
This vitamin is essential for preserving metabolism-revving muscle tissue. Unfortunately, researchers estimate that a measly 4% of Americans over age 50 take in enough vitamin D through their diet. Get 90% of your recommended daily value (400 IU) in a 3.5-ounce serving of salmon. Other good sources: tuna, shrimp, tofu, fortified milk and cereal, and eggs.
You have to limit your fat, simple carb and sugar intake, but increase your complex carb, fruit, vegetable and lean protein consumption. If you are exercising to lose weight, eat some lean protein and carbohydrates directly after finishing to properly refuel. Appropriate choices are beans, oatmeal, whole grain pasta, salmon, eggs and Greek yogurt. Some foods, like coffee, cause specific hormones, like cortisol, to be released and could be your enemy in the belly-bulge battle.
Along with all those other healthy habits experts have been recommending over the years. “It was only after turning 40 and realizing that my gums were starting to recede that I realized why flossing is so important,” Honaman says. Once you reach 40, you have the self-discipline to implement healthy habits that may have seemed inconvenient a decade earlier.
These inexpensive treats pack a double punch at boosting your metabolism. First, the acid in the vinegar helps prevent fat storage in the body. Second, peppers contain capsaicin, the compound that makes them hot and also helps your body burn more energy. Eat pickled peppers in the morning – try mixing them into scrambled eggs – and they’ll provide a metabolism surge to carry you through the day. 3 Tips To Boost Your Testosterone -- For Men Over 40 Only
This lower-calorie peanut product is often pitched as a diet-friendly replacement to regular, fatty peanut butter. It comes in a powder that you’re meant to mix with water. The result is a peanut butter imitation that’s nowhere near as oily and creamy as the original. However, a less fatty peanut butter is a less nutritious peanut butter — healthy fats are crucial for maintaining the quality of your skin, hair, and nails as you age. Instead of mixing pasty peanut butter powder, try one of these taste-tested full-fat peanut butters.
“The personality is like a software program, equipped with biases and boundaries, that plays over and over,” says Aimee Bernstein, a psychotherapist, executive coach, and author of Stress Less Achieve More: Simple Ways to Turn Pressure into a Positive Force in Your Life. “As long as we hold tight to what we think, we end up living a limited life and investing our time in proving that we are right.” Women over 40 know how to let go of thoughts that don’t serve them and move forward.
Gluten, dairy, and other food intolerances adversely affect your gut microbiome and pave the way for leaky gut, chronic inflammation, and potential autoimmune disorders. In other words, they can ramp up your already miserable menopausal symptoms. When patients like Brenda pull them from their diets for at least three weeks, they feel better and lose weight easier.
Cauliflower rice, zucchini noodles, and low-carb pizza crusts might seem appealing for weight loss. But carbohydrates and whole grains are an important aspect of nutrition, especially when you’re getting older. Often, these low-carb swaps are loaded up with animal fats and heavily processed. Before you deprive yourself of pasta or pizza, think about what you’re really swapping!
Small note about research cited in this article: *Always remember: weight loss results & health changes/improvements vary from individual to individual. Just because these studies cite certain data does not mean you will experience these results/outcomes. Always consult with your doctor before making decisions about your health. This is not medical advice – simply well-researched information. Thanks for reading!
Eating well isn’t just about skipping out on processed junk food. It’s also about filling up your plate with clean, healthy foods that can actually assist in your weight loss. Healthy fats like those found in olive oil, avocados and nut butters nourish your body while helping you feel full longer—which means you’re less likely to overeat. Incorporating healthy sources of protein like eggs and salmon will also help you feel more satiated as well as fuel the muscles you’re building through that regular strength training we mentioned above! Hungry during the day? Keep a small pack of heatlhy almonds or other nuts in your bag to snack on in a pinch. Just a handful will keep you satisfied until your next meal, all while providing healthy protein, fat and fiber. Don’t wait until you’re tummy is growling! Be prepared.
Holiday weight – usually all but melted by Valentine’s Day – seems reluctant to budge when you throw your old tricks at it. If it seems that something important has shifted, you’re right. Your metabolism is slowing, and your muscle mass is decreasing. That’s a harsh reality, but there are some new tricks for you to learn to keep spry for years, even decades to come. We’ve listed 40 of them for you here so that you needn’t go gentle into that good night. Beat Menopause Belly Fat by Starving Your Fat Cells (Not Yourself)
Remember when you were 23 years-old and wouldn’t even dream of spending your coveted cash on letting someone else mow your lawn, wash your car, or paint your living room? Try tapping into that scrappy, resourceful inner you a bit more and you’ll wind up torching calories. For example, a 150-pound person will burn around 200 calories if they wash and wax their car for 40 minutes. For more ways to avoid weight gain at home and to burn more calories, check out these 12 Ways Your Home is Making You Fat!
Did Lady Gaga purée her pounds away? The singer is rumored to have tried Tracy Anderson’s baby food diet, a plan that replaces your first two meals of the day with Gerber’s baby food, followed by a health-conscious dinner. While she has yet to fess up, other celebs have also been linked to the diet, including Reese Witherspoon, Jennifer Aniston, and Gwyneth Paltrow.
A 2003 study demonstrated that a low-calorie diet that’s rich in almonds could help people shed weight. Not only do the good monounsaturated fats in almonds have an effect on insulin levels, say scientists, but also give dieters a feeling of fullness, meaning that they are less likely to overeat. So stock your pantry with almonds, walnuts, and nut butter.
This diet, created by trainer-to-the-stars Tracy Anderson, has reportedly been tried by the likes of Jennifer Aniston and Lady Gaga. The gist of the 7-day eating plan? Eat jarred baby food for breakfast and lunch, followed by a low-calorie dinner. Anderson cites this as a way to “eliminate toxins”—a red flag because the body naturally expels toxins. This is nothing more than a short-term crash diet that is very low in calories and nutrients. 40 EFFECTIVE DAILY EXERCISES FOR WOMEN AFTER 40
Frustrating? Of course. Impossible? Hopefully not. “You just need to be a little more savvy and prepared,” says Larson. “Be in the best physical and mental health possible right now, so you can move gracefully into the next decade of your life.” Most important, maintaining a healthy weight helps you avoid scary diseases, so you can enjoy a long and happy life—and play with your grandkids.
“Hormonal changes in your 40s can affect your appetite hormones, ghrelin, and leptin,” explains Lauren Slayton, MS, RD, and founder of Foodtrainers. “Both supplemental vitamin D3 and extra lean protein can help keep your appetite under control.” Wild salmon fits the bill, boasting some of the highest levels of weight loss-aiding vitamin D3 as well as muscle-maintaining protein.
For new moms, it’s a win just to slip in a shower and brush your teeth. And though it seems impossible, you can make working out work. Ansels says that finding a gym with child care or subscribing to online workouts that you can do during naps can be a big help. For an active recovery, take long walks with your baby in his or her stroller—and you might be surprised how quickly you can bounce back into shape, says Ansel.
I use urine strips to help determine whether my patients are burning fat (staying in ketosis) and detoxifying (staying alkaline). Your kidneys play an important role in maintaining acid-alkaline balance. Acidic foods can directly affect urine pH, which can be a clue about your health. And while urine testing isn’t completely accurate, it's a great way to stay accountable on a ketogenic diet.
Now, more than ever, you should put down the sugary sweets, calorie-laden drinks and refined flour. These have empty calories that you can't afford regularly, especially when you're trying to lose weight. Pair your protein with 1/2 cup of whole grains, leafy greens and small amounts of heart-healthy fat, such as that found in nuts, avocados, fatty fish and seeds.
Whether it was as the musical jailbird in Chicago or sleek secret agent Oceans 12, Catherine Zeta-Jones is indeed a jack of all trades. The triple threat can dance, sing and act. So it’s no wonder she has such an impressive resume of big-name Hollywood flicks under her belt. She is also highly regarded as one of the most beautiful actresses of all time. With her porcelain skin, perfect bone structure and timeless elegance, it is easy to see why. Catherine is 48 and has two children with husband, Michael Douglas. She is set to star in the Facebook Watch comedy-drama series Queen America.
So I formulate a plan to really buckle down and get serious: I will eat my burgers on lettuce leaves instead of buns, spiralize zucchini in place of pasta, and abstain when we take the boys to the ice cream shop. I will give up cheese. I will stop making homemade bread. And pie. I will strip my diet of all starches and sugar. Maybe I will go Paleo. Or vegan. I'll do that Gwyneth Paltrow cleanse. And start recording every morsel that passes my lips with one of those calorie-tracking apps.
Well, I’m tired, and tired of looking in the mirror wondering where my bod went? When I hit 19, I went active military from 87′ to 95’… Army SFOD then USMC 4 yrs reserve. I ran 5 miles 5x wk, did 80 push ups, 69 sit ups, 25 pull ups, <<< all in the military's required 2 minutes, followed by cool-down stretching, etc. 6'1" & 172 lbs… Lean and Mean as we said. I never smoked either. So, five years after leaving the service and ending up with a job that was lucrative, it was very, very low from a physical standpoint. I gradually was down to 2.5 miles a day x5 a wk, then just walking at work and that was all my physical activity. No more push ups, sit ups, pull ups, nothing. My energy dropped off a cliff. Fast forward to 2005. I went from 5-6 glasses of red wine a week, to 3 beers a day x5 a wk, don't eat well, no energy and have a aweful beer belly (looks like I'm pregnant), my arms and legs are thin, and my 30" waist in 2002 is now 36" , I'm 210 lbs, my belly/midsection use to be 28" in 1998, now it's 55" measuring around belly area, blood pressure is up, etc…. Sadly, my newer friends from 2000 to current are similar in shape. They all say: your 48, getting a belly is a part of life, just live with it… You'll never get back in any kind of shape… Well that last remark lit the proverbial, motivational fire under my back side, but I still just don't have the drive. The discipline is there. I need to start out slowly so as to not hurt thy self. Tried push ups and could ONLY do one!!!! I'm 40 lbs heavier now too don't forget. Sit ups?….. one…. Running: one block…. Never had a 6 pack, as those are genetic, maybe a 2 or 3 pack. I need to help myself before it causes health issues I'll regret. Lastly, Doc says to start slowly. He was Air Force and he recommended the pre-basic training physical prep program to slowly get a good routine going again, but I need a "beer belly gone in 30 days" kind of drop first off. I've heard lemon juice, lemon rind and garlic in 50% water, 50% juice, might help along with broccoli, celery, asparagus and salmon jerky, and cut out the BEER, go back to a glass of red wine every other day. He said red wine and 70% or higher pure dark chocolate are good for lowering blood pressure too. Thanks.
Eat as many raw vegetables as you like—especially leafy greens. Throw them in an omelet, blend them into a green smoothie with some stevia and ice, make a huge salad with a drizzle of oil and lemon, or simply snack on some raw celery sticks. You should be eating 5 – 7 servings of veggies a day, and you can cram a lot of those into one big smoothie or salad.
Want to slim down over 40? Try increasing your protein intake. Research published in the Journal of the American Dietetic Association suggests that low-protein diets prompted greater lean muscle loss in postmenopausal women, potentially slowing their metabolisms along the way. If you’re not a big fan of meat, try adding some extra beans, nuts, or whole grains, like quinoa, to your menu.
my problem is I don’t eat breakfast or lunch during the week cause of work I join the Kennedy Ave Wellness to help loss weight but I eat a big salad and some turkey sausage when I get home then drink I have trouble keeping food down so the clinic gave me something to take with my meal at work can’t eat while cooking therefore when I get done cooking it’s almost time for me to come home What Foods To Eat To Lose Belly Fat? (The Truth)
This fiber-filled smoothie star is packed with anemia-fighting folate and vitamin C to help your immune system combat winter colds with minimal effort. Good thing there are countless ways to reap the benefits of this leafy green besides blending it. Try cooking up a kale quiche or scramble. You can also coat the veggie with olive oil and salt before popping it into the oven if you’re craving a crunchy, and equally as healthy, snack.
The older, wiser, less-bendy sister of yoga, meditation is an amazing activity that people can reap major rewards from. Studies show that people who regularly practice mindfulness meditation have more activity in their left prefrontal cortexes, which makes you calm and happy. Plus, a 2014 study found that individuals who meditate are less likely to overeat or give in to emotional eating. To get started, unroll a yoga mat or sit on a carpet in a sunny room (east-facing if possible) and take five uninterrupted minutes thinking about something that you’re grateful for. You’re supposed to lose a few LBs, but even if you don’t, we guarantee you’ll still be glad you made meditation part of your life. Ways to Get Rid of Belly Fat After Menopause - Losing Weight After 50
With one of the most enviable figures in Hollywood, Megan Fox looks to the 5 Factor Diet, developed by celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak. A five-week plan, the diet involves eating five meals a day made with five ingredients per meal that must include protein, healthy fats, healthy carbs, fibre and a sugar-free drink, one 'cheat day' is allowed were dieters can eat what they like. Best Exercise For Women Over 50! - 2018 - fabulous50s
People naturally lose muscle after 40, especially women after menopause. Because muscle burns more calories than fat, this can slow down your metabolism and make it harder to shake those stubborn pounds. Strength-training exercises -- lifting weights or doing body-weight exercises, like push-ups and squats -- at least twice a week can help you keep those muscles.
my problem is I don’t eat breakfast or lunch during the week cause of work I join the Kennedy Ave Wellness to help loss weight but I eat a big salad and some turkey sausage when I get home then drink I have trouble keeping food down so the clinic gave me something to take with my meal at work can’t eat while cooking therefore when I get done cooking it’s almost time for me to come home
How My Day Went: The night before, I went to the supermarket to stock up on a wide variety of mush flavors: chicken rice dinner, cinnamon apple, macaroni and beef, and sweat pea. I noticed a super hot guy was standing behind me in line, and I wanted to turn around and explain, “I don’t have any babies; this baby food is for me!” But then I realized that if this guy couldn’t learn to love me and my imaginary babies, then he wasn’t worth my time. (I also didn’t have the emotional energy to explain to him why I, a 26-year-old adult woman, was buying baby food for herself on New Year’s Eve.) The first morning, after sucking down a sweet blend of carrot and apple, I caved. Immediately. That’s right: After just one meal of eating a fairly pleasant, sweet apple-cinnamon mush, I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. I needed real food. So, I tried again the next day. I swallowed my baby breakfast and went for a run.
Still confused about the choice? Think of the look you want to create. And don’t even say that a 40 year old woman is predetermined to wear only classics! Actually, even one haircut, whether classic or not, can provide you with multiple styling options for creating various looks. From glamorous to bohemian, from bold to romantic, it’s up to you what you are going to deliver through your hairstyle.
celebrities who have had gastric bypass bindi irwin weight loss | weight loss transformation pictures cabbage soup diet
People tend to focus on the negatives of getting older, which is fair because there are plenty of them! But in my experience, there are a few good things about getting older that help balance out the bad ones. One thing in particular that I’ve enjoyed about getting older is that I have much less patience for nonsense! I feel more confident about what I want, and I care less about the judgments of other people. I also have much less patience for junk cluttering up my house, which is exactly what we’ll be talking about today! #1 Food People 'Over 40’ NEED to Eat Before Bed
While Gaga's focus on whole foods is commendable, I probably wouldn't recommend her plan long-term since some of the foods she avoided are rich in important nutrients (a potato, for example, has twice the potassium of a banana and most of us don't meet our potassium needs). If you want to keep blood sugar levels stable without feeling like you're on a roller coaster, consume carbohydrates along with protein, fat or both (think almond butter on your toast or Greek yogurt on your baked potato). This powerful combo may calm your mood and make you feel more emotionally and physically satisfied.
WHAT IT IS: According to their website, The South Beach Diet is “a food-lover’s diet”. Divided into three phases (the first two are the most strict), the program is said to eliminate cravings, kick start weight loss and maintain for life. While there’s no counting calories or strict portion sizes, followers must say goodbye to bread, rice, potatoes, pasta, baked goods, and fruit – at least for the first two weeks. Relatively simple in principle, it replaces “bad carbs” and “bad fats” with “good carbs” and “good fats."
With a jam-packed schedule, the “Your Song” singer relies on one go-to breakfast to kick off her day right. “I always have egg whites with salmon every morning without fail, I don’t eat anything else,” she told PEOPLE. “Or I have like boiled eggs with salmon. I always have a bit of protein and I don’t have normal scrambled eggs, I do egg whites.” And her regimented diet continues throughout the day. “I don’t have any breads, and I just have like chicken, and vegetables and I drink a lot of juices and a lot of water,” she added. 4 Risky Exercises People OVER 40 Must AVOID
Funny how as your waistline expands, your interest in tracking the numbers wanes. Don't let it. It's no longer advisable to guesstimate your weight by the way your favorite jeans fit (or don't fit). Headlines that scream, "Stop Being a Slave to Your Scale!" are missing the point: Post-40 weight gain sneaks up on you. If the plane symbolizes your body, then its instrument panel is your scale -- it provides you with important data. Once a week, same time, same scale, weigh yourself and see with your own eyes what's happening with your body. MY 130LBS WEIGHT LOSS TRANSFORMATION (Before & After)
Did Lady Gaga purée her pounds away? The singer is rumored to have tried Tracy Anderson’s baby food diet, a plan that replaces your first two meals of the day with Gerber’s baby food, followed by a health-conscious dinner. While she has yet to fess up, other celebs have also been linked to the diet, including Reese Witherspoon, Jennifer Aniston, and Gwyneth Paltrow. How to Lose Weight for Men over Forty - It's 80% this...
Certain foods have been cast out as “unhealthy,” like cheese, butter, sugar, or pizza. But in reality, eating moderate amounts of these foods isn’t going to do your body any harm. And there’s nothing about turning 40 that irreversibly alters your ability to eat the foods you enjoy. If anything, 40 is a time of celebration — you’ve reached a new chapter of life, one that will hopefully be filled with quality time with your loved ones, laughter, and a healthy and stress-free relationship with food. Losing Weight Over 50 - How To Get Thin Now That Life Has Changed
“When we are young, so many women strive to be perfect and put unrealistic expectations on themselves that can then lead to frustration and black and white thinking,” says Cara Maksimow, LCSW, CPC, a therapist, coach, speaker and author. “The belief that ‘if I am not perfect, I am a failure’ can lead to unnecessary pressure and poor self esteem. The older we get, the wiser we get about recognizing imperfect can be beautiful.” And for more tips on your appearance, here are the Best Tips for Dressing Well in Your 40s. How To Lose Belly Fat After 40
At this point, you’ve spent around 20 or more years in the workforce. You’ve paid your dues and ran circles around your competition—resulting in your own office, possibly. So, why aren’t you owning that space like the boss you are? The first tweak for your office makeover: Invest in a height-adjustable stand-up desk; the crew at Eat This, Not That! uses Veridesk and swears by them. Here’s why this can be such a game changer for your waistline: A British study found that standing at work burned 50 more calories per hour than sitting. If that doesn’t sound like a lot, consider this: If you stand for just three hours of your work day, you’ll expend more than 30,000 extra calories per year—which amounts to about 8 pounds of fat!
An apple a day does keep the doctor away, especially when you’re trying to lose weight. Research published in Nutrition reveals that eating three apples a day was associated with significantly more weight loss than eating a similarly-caloric oat-based snack. And when you want to discover the fountain of youth, start with the 25 Foods That’ll Keep You Young Forever.
Christy Brissette, MS, RD is one of North America's top dietitians and a leading nutrition and food communications expert. She is the President of 80 Twenty Nutrition, a nutrition and food media company. Her mission is to end food confusion and dieting once and for all. Christy appears on national TV and is interviewed for international magazines, radio and websites. She empowers her clients to look and feel their best with the healing power of healthy, delicious food. She helps clients achieve results through cutting-edge, creative and fun meal plans and recipes. You can still enjoy your favourite foods and have the body of your dreams! Tone Up Exercises for Women in Their 40s : Body Sculpting Basics for Women
Trading in your usual snack for some almonds can help you shed weight and improve your health. Loaded with fiber and protein, almonds can help keep you feeling full for longer, and may even help you slash the stress that can lead to weight gain. Research published in Current Medical Research and Opinion also reveals that adding magnesium-rich foods, like almonds, to your diet can help reduce anxiety, lowering cortisol levels and decreasing your body’s tendency to store belly fat. Every Women Over 40 Should Do These 8 Exercises | Women Over 40 Should Do These 8 Exercise
After attending culinary school, the actress invested in a bunch of fancy kitchen tools—but her all-time favorite tool is her Vitamix blender. “I use it every single day,” Kelly told PEOPLE at a Dove Chocolate event. “Every morning I make my smoothie. I actually used to go buy the smoothie I’m now able to make.” Inside her go-to drink, Kelly uses a vegetable-based protein powder, blueberries, ⅓ of a banana, crushed almonds and almond milk. “It feels very good making it myself,” she says.
When Pippa Middleton was preparing for her sister Kate’s wedding, she followed the Dukan Diet, which is a really popular French program that’s most similar to Atkins. But for her own wedding, Middleton was on the SirtFood diet. It’s extremely restrictive, and focuses on foods that are high in polyphenols — micronutrients found in plant foods — which supposedly help activate a person’s sirtuin (or “skinny”) genes. Workout For Older Men The A-40 Core Set
After rising to fame in the 1970’s following three consecutive Sports Illustrated spreads, Christie Brinkley has never left our hearts. The model, actress and businesswoman is now 64 years old and has founded several successful businesses. The former partner of Tommy Lee and face of Max Factor, Diet Coke, Chanel No.19, Nissan and Revlon, Brinkley now focuses on her beauty line and is raising her three children. She still regularly graces the covers of magazines and does editorial spreads. Reignite Your Metabolism
Drink a lot of pure, filtered water. More often than not, if you feel hungry you’re probably just thirsty. Drink a big glass of filtered water right when you wake in the morning, and drink a glass about 30 minutes before each snack or meal. Try adding a slice of organic lemon to your water for a refreshing beverage that will help cut cravings. Water helps the digestion process, makes you feel fuller, and you function better all-around when you’re hydrated.
The Jane the Virgin star says eating the same thing everyday forces her to eat healthier and saves her time on food shopping. “Since I don’t have much time to cook, I tend to cook in bulk and eat leftovers,” she shares. For meals throughout the week, Navedo will “blanch a bunch of broccoli and refrigerate to have on hand to sauté as needed.” Read her full daily food log here.
Robert Young, Ph.D., created the controversial alkaline diet. Health explains the diet claims certain diseases are caused by high acidity in the blood — so you should aim to consume foods that will balance your pH levels. Unfortunately, Young was convicted of practicing medicine without a license. And while the idea of balancing your acid levels through diet has been debunked by many nutritionists, his plan does promote the consumption of healthful foods.
If you want a slimmer waistline, your best diet plan includes getting rid of any fast-burning carbohydrates such as sugar, white bread, rice noodles and potatoes. For a list of carbs to avoid, check out these seven. Switch carbs like these out for slower-burning alternatives like berries, 100 percent whole-grain bread, whole-grain pasta, or pasta made from beans, lentils, or sweet potatoes. These slow carbs will provide you with slow, sustained energy and help fight sugar cravings. They’ll also help to keep insulin levels low so you can stay healthy and trim through your 40s and beyond. Here are some superfoods that all women should add to their diet.
Hello, all. I am 76 years old and just learning how to take care of myself. Coming from an age where women were not taught about nutrition, exercise, etc., this is proving to be a challenge. I now find that rarely is there any information for this age group. I just joined a gym and have a personal trainer and a new health care provider all who are making my life better and more enjoyable. I would like for articles to be expanded to include those of us in our 60s-80s. I like going to the gym and like the people that I meet there. I also see more seniors my age exercising but mostly men. I am welcomed there and everyone is very supportive. I wish more women would discover this opportunity. I like to also be around young people. Thank you.
Thinking about having a cocktail — or two — before dinner? Think again. Having a drink before a meal causes people to eat around 200 calories more, several studies show. Drinking with dinner isn't such a good idea either: Other research has found that the body burns off alcohol first, meaning that the calories in the rest of the meal are more likely to be stored as fat. If you do have a cocktail craving, stick to wine, which packs only 80 calories a glass — or minimize the calories by drinking a white-wine spritzer (two ounces of wine mixed with two ounces of seltzer).
Back in January, Posh tweeted a picture of the cookbook Eating the Alkaline Way. "Love this healthy eating cook book!!" she enthused. Clearly, it loves her back; Beckham has maintained her signature svelte frame with a diet rich in fruits and vegetables that curtails consumption of acid-forming foods like dairy, pasta, meat and fish. The goal? To keep the body's pH balance between 7.35 and 7.45. Other famous fans of the diet book, penned by Natasha Corrett, the stepsister of Sienna Miller, include Jennifer Aniston, Kirsten Dunst and Gwyneth Paltrow. Men Over 40 Workout - How to Build Muscle at 40+ Years Old
Eating an apple each day can help prevent metabolic syndrome, a disorder associated with abdominal fat, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. They’ll keep the doctor away and your muffin tops at bay because apples are a low-calorie, nutrient dense source of fiber, which studies have proven to be integral to reducing visceral fat. A recent study at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center found that for every 10-gram increase in soluble fiber eaten per day, visceral fat was reduced by 3.7 percent over five years! That’s just one reason why apples are one of the Best Fruits for Fat Loss!
Green tea blasts away the sort of flab we get more of as we age. Researchers attribute the fat-burning properties of green tea to catechins, specifically EGCG — the name of a group of antioxidative compounds that fry adipose tissue by revving the metabolism, increasing the release of flab from fat cells (particularly in the belly), then speeding up the liver’s fat-burning capacity. Green tea is so powerful for weight loss that we made it the centerpiece of our new 7-Day Flat-Belly Tea Cleanse! Test panelists lost 4 inches from their waists! Fit and Fabulous at 50: My Amazing Body Transformation. BEFORE & AFTER Weight Loss INSPIRATION!
Creating better video marketing is a perfect goal for the new year! Discover the seven things you can do today to make your video strategy stand out in 2014.
Video is taking content marketing by storm, but you'll have to do more than just make … This piece was originally published in January 2014.
Video marketing can play a huge role in your 2014 marketing efforts. These 5 tips will help get your video production headed in the right …
Ma 0 comments; Tips on Reaching People With Video – February 28 … 2014 – 0 comments; Making a Video Wall in NYC – July 8, 2014 – 0 comments …
Last week we took a look back at the major events in video marketing during the past year, and their implications for 2014. There's no doubt that …
Here's a look at ten video statistics from 2014, why these data points are important to … Looking for more video marketing tips and tricks?
Welcome to the third week of the Lenten Meal Plan Monday Link-Up for Lent 2013. How is Lent going so far? Last week I wasn’t a very good host as I ended up eating ALL my meals out! My moms iphone died and needed to be looked at at the apple store (which is 45 minutes away). So after she got her phone fixed we went to Crispers for lunch. Crispers is very similar to Panera. One thing they have that I LOVE is their Trios. You can get any combination of 3 items (hence the name) of soups, baked potatoes, burgers or lettuce wraps.
For dinner I had an egg salad sandwich at home and ended up at Applebees eating more meatless soups and meatless appetizers after running several errands. It was a crazy day of errand running but we are now REALLY stocked up to make a lot of Lenten meals. I found a lot of shrimp, soup, and eggplants (finally) at the store.
Remember to go and visit my co-host Tales for Astoria for more Recipe ideas.. I hope everyone shares their meatless meals as well as learning new meals to eat during Lent. Here are some guidelines:
*Please note we will be using the same linky for all of Lent so we can see all the recipes posted and be able to try week 1 recipes on week 3*
Onto this weeks meals! I went to Publix on Friday and they had the Ricotta cheese they were out of last week so this week I can DEFINITELY make Eggplant Rolatini!! And I made it to the produce stand and got some Eggplants. I found this really simple recipe on pinterest.
The only thing I will do different is I bread them with Italian Seasoned Breadcrumbs vs Flour. Both are good. Flour is probably a little bit healthier. But the breadcrumbs give it a little more flavor. We also found some “Eggplant Parm Bites” at Publix in the frozen food section I’m looking forward to trying.
Last week I posted about some Spinach Quiche Cups. I haven’t made them yet but I now have all the ingredients to try and make them so take 2 on trying to make these!
I want to thank everyone that has linked up to the link-up so far. I am working my way through the posts to comment and hopefully I will get to try some of them before Lent is over! I hope everyone has a good third week of LENT and I can’t wait to see everyone’s recipes!
[…] am linking up with Beth Anne’s Best and Tales from Astoria for Meatless Mondays but I’m also welcoming you to Making It Count […]
[…] to Astoria and I are co-hosting Lenten Meal Plan Monday’s!! Please link-up your meatless meals! Even if you don’t have a recipe you can link-up a blog […]
[…] Meal Plan Monday Link-Up for Lent 2013. How is Lent going so far? Last week I FINALLY made the Mushroom and Spinach Quiche I had in my post for the last 2 weeks. They came out really good. Next time I will add more cheese […]
If you are wondering what Catholic women do with their thoughts and time you are in the right place. I like blogging, cats, disney world, and chocolate.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011
This weeks Five Minute Friday prompt is VERY random…it is PAINT. I love this word! It is also giving me the perfect motivation to write about my sister’s Bachelorette Party at Painting With A Twist!!
As my sisters maid of honor it was my “job” to organize all of the “pre-wedding” parties. Since 90% of the guests were from out of town we had the Bachelorette Party the Wednesday before the wedding and the Bridal Shower the Thursday before the wedding. Because having those events for 5 people would have been lame.
My sister likes to have a good time but she really doesn’t like to drink and she didn’t want to drink too much and feel like crap 3 days before he wedding (can’t blame her there). So I was trying to think of things we could do that we could still have a good time doing. After doing some research and running into dead ends I finally remembered about the Painting With A Twist studio that had opened in town and we even talked about going there for fun. Turns out they do private events. They sent us all the possible paintings, we picked one and everyone signed up.
The really nice thing was everyone was able to sign up online. I just sent the link to everyone via email and they all signed up. On Cyber Monday the studio was selling BOGO gift cards that I purchased and created “Golden Tickets” that I sent with the invitations.
The day of the party was CRAZY! Everyone had just gotten into town and we had been running around like crazy people all day. We rented a vacation home so we spent a good part of the day getting wedding supplies to the vacation home. A few hours before the party we told my sister and the other bridesmaids we’d meet them there around 8:45pm (we made it late since a lot of people were only arriving that day).My cousin, my friend (aka honorary bridesmaid) and I headed to the store to get snacks (mostly chips and dip), brownies, wine, ice, and soda for the evening. My mom had picked up this “Bachelorette” caution tape we used to decorate the table.
I bought my sister a sash (that I’ll be reviewing on the blog in a separate post) and a bride-to-be veil I bought on etsy (you can’t tell in the photo but it lights up). I had to try it out to make sure it all looked right before we headed out 😉
Our instructor was awesome and gave us a ton of breaks to talk and get more drinks and snacks and even played a game with us. It was all washable paint so we played the mustache game.
We all had a great time making the painting. My sister LOVED IT! She thanked me a million times for the party! We were all concentrating really hard because the instructor kept telling us it was okay to talk and have fun. I loved how we all were painting the same painting but each one of them came out differently but still beautiful!
If you live near a Painting With A Twist or other kind of painting or creative studio I highly suggest checking one out. They are a lot of fun and you get to take home whatever you make to hang on your wall.
My original intention was for everyone to meet and go out for dinner before the party but with all the running around everyone had been doing we barely got everything done before the event started. So afterwards we went back to the house, regrouped, and my mom, aunt, and cousin came along for some food…we thought we’d find a bar somewhere near the house we were renting but everything was closed so we ended up at DENNY’S!! ( the first place we went to closed literally 2 minutes later and wouldn’t let the other half of our party in) Thankfully our waitress was awesome and had a great time with us.
Looks like a great time! I would love to do something like that. I’ll have to try to get a group together. Nice FMF!
Yeah it was a ton of fun! Most cities have something similar to it. I think it’s always fun to do something that is creative 🙂
Oh, it was worth the extra minutes and the pictures told the best half of the story! How fun, and those studios are what got me started painting last year. Love the time spent with friends or fellow painters that quickly become your friend as you help each other along …
News. Sport Today. WTF. We all know players have a great life the cars the money playing the. Best of Sunday's news. Today's. The latest rumours and stories from around the world. NewsNow aims to be the world's most accurate and comprehensive news. See more of Liverpool Club News & on Facebook.
From the section. Read more on : Messi, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Iniesta, Aubameyang. In this zone, we bring you all the latest news, including rumours and speculation, along with and the done deals that take place. Latest. They are often nicknamed Boeren (Dutch for farmers/peasants) in reference to their original provincial city origins. Sunday's column. 6 Aug. Read more on : Alli, Dier, Welbeck, Bale, Van Dijk, Sandro, Dembele. News and »,Facebook. ,. Wednesday's column. 9 Aug. Read more on : Coutinho, Bale, Mahrez, Oxlade-Chamberlain. See all the big and rumours from the Premier League and around Europe. Paris Saint-Germain’s Angel Di Maria has reportedly emerged as a potential target for. NewsNow aims to be the world's most accurate and comprehensive news.
Contact Cricket For Cricket //Odds in Mumbai. This is good news for us that we are giving freeIPL cricket in hindi by this video. If you love our cbtf aka cricket please like our video so that we can provide more today match everyday. Betting predictions Betting predictions leagues bet. Betting Predictions Free Tips. Final cup winner, online cricket. Accurate aap ko with addvance rate. ( Bangladesh,) 1st Match:( best cricket.
Links: Football and. Top Sites. Soccer of the day, sports everyday, tennis and uk, ufc, volleyball, golfalot, good, 6 for. Netherlands vs England, and Preview Netherlands welcome England to the Amsterdam ArenA on Friday and we will enjoy in very int. Our Tickets. Betting Tips Bets Predictions. Free betting tips betting tips betting. Your source of, football, odds comparison and match previews. Are calculated based on advanced algorithm using stats, teams attack strength, defence weakness and recent form analysis. Best Site for soccer, Picks, results and team information. Paid soccer for today 21 march 2018. Crawley town 2-3 wycombe (england: two). Today - Football, we provide for many sports and many all around the world, for football. Free betting tips predictions. Vitibet. Com provides up to date stats, and analysis for football, ice hockey, handball. Free betting tips predictions. Check our here. Tags:, Solo, Perfect, Under/Over.
After having a few months off to re-charge our batteries we’re coming back bigger and better this year bringing you more pop up gin events and some of the best gins on the market right now.
We’re finalising the details on some gin tasting and masterclass events around Cardiff but in the mean time we’re happy to announce we will be appearing at three festivals in the next couple of months.
Penarth Quays Marina are holding their annual open day on Saturday 19th May with a day filled with fun and activities for the whole family and entry is free to all.
Last but not least we will be bringing the best of our gin collection down to the marina and running a gin bar for the duration of the open day. Come and join us for a G & T.
We are appearing at Tafwl Festival for the second year running in the food and drink tent. Entry to the event is free as always so pop in and see us for some gin talk and some tasters on the Saturday evening. Times to be confirmed closer to the date.
The National Eisteddfod of Wales comes to Cardiff this year. Unlike other years with the festival grounds being all in one place, this year there will be event spaces right across Cardiff and Cardiff Bay.
Cardiff Gin Club are pleased to announce that we will be running a gin masterclass at this years Cardiff Eisteddfod with times to be confirmed closer to the date.
As part of its first ever in-store British Gin Festival, @LidlUK customers will be able to get their hands on 13 premium craft gins, from 11 distilleries across the UK, and our Rhubarb and Ginger gin is one of them. 🎉 https://t.co/UWkLSbhUlZ
If you're looking for some some new and exciting gins for yourself or gifts for Xmas, I'll be adding to this list as and when I find them. Some I've got and the rest I need in my life
Absorbing foreign advanced technology is the foundation of producing LP series bottle unscramble machine. It is developed and researched according to the requirement of high speed direction and this machine is the leading equipment in domestic market.
B) Twice push rowing bottle mechanism is used to ensure every bottle location has bottle which apparently prompts bottle output efficiency.
E) This machine is equipped with blocking bottle detector. It will stop and alarm when bottle blocks.
F) No-bottle detector will send signal to elevator immediately when the bottle quantity is few and elevator shall supply bottles automatically.
H) Bottle unscramble machine has oil mouths which make the gear, bearing and cam lubrication conveniently.
You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please enable it in order to use the full functionality of our website.
Job Descriptions and Careers, Career and Job Opportunities, Career Search, and Career Choices and Profiles » Sales & Marketing
Say that a manufacturer of cellular phones has just developed a new phone that can be used anywhere in the world. The company is eager to showcase its innovative product, and the best way to do that is to develop a plan—a marketing plan.
A marketing plan is a step-by-step blueprint for introducing, advertising, selling, and delivering a product, a service, or even an idea. To develop such a plan, the cell phone company will need to conduct market research and gather information on what types of people are likely to buy its phones. Once the ideal customer is defined, the manufacturer can develop packaging and an advertising campaign that will appeal directly to that target audience. Next, the company will decide on a price that is competitive with the prices of other cell phones. Finally, the company will have to decide where to sell its new product—in retail stores, through catalogs, or on the Internet at the company's Web site—and how to get it to their customers quickly. All of these steps are part of marketing and distribution work.
Marketing has changed radically since it was first introduced at the beginning of the twentieth century. The latest innovation, interactive marketing, has sparked an electronic (e) revolution that includes e-products, e-retailing (also called e-tailing), e-advertising, e-research, and even e-delivery in the form of downloadable news, books, and music. Consumers shop from home using the Internet to compare products, prices, and ratings, and then they
Marketing involves the transfer of goods from producers to consumers. This field includes all the people who work in retail sales, advertising, and distribution. (© Dex Images, Inc./Corbis.)
purchase those products online. In 2005 e-commerce revenues totaled $86 billion, up from $67.2 billion the previous year, according to the Monthly Retail Trade Survey produced by the U.S. Census Bureau. While e-commerce sales represented only 2.2 percent of all retail sales in 2005, analysts with Jupiter-Research predicted that by the year 2008 this number could jump to 5 percent.
Marketing is a dynamic discipline, one that must adapt quickly to new technologies, new products, and new consumer tastes. This volume explores the history of marketing and distribution, how they have changed over time, and how they are likely to evolve in the future.
The history of marketing is the history of commerce. People have been exchanging goods and services for thousands of years. As early as 3000 B.C. the Phoenicians developed trade and distribution routes as they sailed the seas in search of spices, precious metals, and rare textiles.
Archaeologists have found evidence of marketplaces in the ruins of ancient civilizations around the world. As trade spread across borders, marketplaces along trade routes became centers of economic and cultural exchange. Along the Silk Road, the legendary 4,000-mile trade route that stretched from eastern China to the Mediterranean Sea, hundreds of these marketplaces facilitated the exchange of goods and ideas.
When European colonists landed in North America, they settled along the Atlantic Coast. Routes of commerce were difficult to establish because roads were undeveloped and many rivers were as yet unexplored. By the early 1800s, however, roads and canals linked many towns together, allowing products to be shipped to distant markets.
Almost all companies depend on advertising and marketing to reach potential customers and convince them to buy the firm's products. Twenty-first century companies are expanding their markets to include foreign countries. The need to communicate with people in different cultures and different languages has changed the way advertisers and marketers approach their work.
Perhaps the most basic challenge is using the right words to convey a sales message to a foreign audience. Many English words and phrases do not translate well into foreign languages, so a catchy slogan in the United States may be puzzling to consumers in other countries. Even the use of certain numbers or types of artwork can be problematic. For example, some Japanese people associate the numbers four and nine with death. Advertisers are working more with local writers to make sure that their messages are translated in an appropriate and positive way. Foreign firms are doing the same, hiring American writers to help them with their advertising campaigns in the United States.
As more companies branch out into foreign markets, they are finding a need to adjust their strategies for reaching customers. Direct mail marketing, for example, is a big business in the United States. However, in some countries delivery of direct mail pieces may take several weeks. In addition, foreign postal laws can make it difficult to distribute mass mailings overseas. Another significant change is the growing resistance to U.S. brands in overseas markets. A soft drink manufacturer who once marketed the same product to all of its customers around the world may need to diversify by selling other products specifically developed to appeal to local tastes.
The shape of the industry itself is also changing in response to the global market. The need to establish an international presence is hitting small advertising agencies especially hard. Large advertising firms are now buying out small agencies that once promoted themselves as alternatives to large firms.
Perhaps the most revolutionary change in marketing and distribution involves the Internet and e-commerce. Companies can quickly and easily reach any consumer who has a computer and an Internet connection—whether that consumer is across town or on the other side of the world. Advertising through Web sites and e-mail saves time and money by reducing the need for such expenses as foreign postage and long-distance phone calls. The Internet virtually eliminates the borders between countries and even continents, allowing for a truly global marketplace. As with other forms of advertising, however, Web advertising must take into account the unique needs and expectations of a global audience.
Advances in technology aided the spread of commerce. The railroads offered a fast, reliable way to transport freight across vast distances. The invention of lithography (printing from a metal plate) in Germany toward the end of the 1700s made the printing of posters easy and inexpensive, and they soon became a popular medium for advertising.
The late 1800s saw the emergence of product "brands," such as Coca-Cola and Procter & Gamble, which were marketed nationwide. Another boost to commerce was the introduction of installment-plan purchasing, which allowed consumers to pay for products over a specified period of time rather than all at once.
In 1900 Milton Hershey had the idea of massproducing small bars of individually wrapped chocolate. Because they were mass produced, Hershey's chocolate bars could be shipped in bulk around the country and sold for just five cents apiece. Soon other manufacturers were following Hershey's lead by producing large quantities of their products, shipping nationwide, and selling inexpensively.
Advertising, which was developed originally to introduce consumers to products, began to take on other functions. It was used to create brand identities, to point out product benefits, and to create a sense of "need" among consumers. The advent of radio and television gave advertisers new arenas for product promotion. By the end of the twentieth century Internet sites were sporting interactive ads, some of which were incredibly sophisticated. A few car manufacturers, for instance, created ads where users could sit in the driver's seat of a virtual, new sports car without ever setting foot in a dealer's showroom. The Internet has provided companies with the capability to take online surveys of their customers to see exactly what interests them most.
Early in the twenty-first century marketing became more customer focused. Merchandisers competing for consumer dollars got to know their customers as thoroughly as possible and tailored their products and services to specific consumer tastes.
To discover what consumers want and don't want or like and dislike, producers turn to market research.
Market research is just what the name implies-discovering and making sense of marketplace trends and consumer demands. Some producers conduct their own research. Others hire independent firms to carry out the research. These firms gather, organize, and interpret customer information. After analyzing the data, market researchers can create profiles of typical consumers, predict buying patterns, and assist producers in creating products that have been "pre-approved" by consumers. For instance, researchers may determine that a particular type of shampoo is appealing to suburban women between the ages of twenty-five and thirty-four. Armed with this information the shampoo manufacturer can focus on advertising the product during television shows that this group is likely to watch. The manufacturer may also choose to have the product distributed in more suburban locations than urban or rural ones.
Another form of marketing research involves the collection of customer lists, which give the names and addresses of actual consumers who are likely to be interested in a given product. These names and addresses are gathered from a variety of sources, including telephone surveys, supermarket checkout counters, and credit card applications. Virtually any demographic information that customers send to a company—even a filled-out warranty card—can be added to a list and shared with other companies or marketing firms; in fact, it is customary for companies to sell such lists to each other. Customer lists give companies a way to market directly to a target audience. Some stores offer listed customers "loyalty cards," which provide repeat customers with discounts on future purchases. Other companies use the lists to design custom catalogs, which are then sent to specific customers.
Databases of this type have been around for a number of years. However, new computer software makes data compilation and analysis simpler and more cost effective than ever before. One system—called PRIZM (Potential Rating Index by Zip Market) New Evolution—is a database created by Claritas, Inc. It divides U.S. Census Bureau data into zip codes and categorizes purchasing data by income, ethnicity, level of education, and other criteria. The database then compiles lists of groups, attaching catchy titles to each, and sells the lists to companies that are interested in reaching a specific set of consumers. For instance, a company that wants to target upper-middle-class consumers who live in the suburbs might use the PRIZM list titled "Movers and Shakers," whereas a company looking for urban eighteen- to thirty-year-olds might use the list called "Young Didgerati."
Marketing, the process of introducing, advertising, and selling products, services, and ideas to consumers, will continue to be a critical industry in the global marketplace. Web-based marketing is expanding the industry's reach and fundamentally changing the way producers sell and consumers buy. According to employment outlook projections from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment in marketing is expected to grow faster than the average for all occupations from 2004 to 2014, especially in light of more global competition.
The packaging industry has bounced back from lackluster performance during the 1980s. New packaging designs and manufacturing technologies mean steady revenue growth for this industry. Increased automation, however, will continue to eliminate some packaging industry jobs. Positions for receiving, shipping, and traffic clerks are expected to decline. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts that employment in this field will grow slower than the average for all occupations from 2004 to 2014.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that retail salespersons filled about 4.1 million positions in 2004. Retailers have watched their business landscape change dramatically with the introduction of e-tailing—buying and selling online— as a marketing strategy. Retail employment is expected to grow about as fast as the average for all occupations from 2004 to 2014, according to employment projections by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Advertising has continued to evolve as a critical component of selling strategies. With the arrival of e-commerce and cable television advertising channels, this industry is developing imaginative approaches to targeting, swaying, and selling new products to consumers. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics projected that advertising and public relations employment would grow faster than the average for all occupations from 2004 to 2014. The competition for these jobs, however, will be intense.
The performance of the nation's wholesalers and distributors depends on evolving practices in manufacturing and retailing. New approaches, such as just-in-time inventory delivery, will define the future of these two vital industries. Employment in wholesale and distribution is expected to increase about as fast as the average for all occupations between 2004 and 2014, according to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics projections.
Database marketing can prove extremely lucrative for modern manufacturers and retailers. Take the case of Milton's, a small discount clothing chain. With the help of a commercial marketing database service, Milton's developed a database from credit card receipts and used the information to design and implement a direct mail campaign targeted at likely consumers. The result was a $100,000 increase in sales.
The Internet has made the collection of consumer information much easier. Many Web sites employ small software applications called "cookies" that track where a user goes when visiting a particular site. These are called Internet leads. Such information can enable webmasters to design more effective sites, eliminating those pages that are rarely visited and expanding and polishing those that generate the most traffic. Other sites, such as news sites or reference sites, may ask users to rate how appealing or useful certain information is. If, for example, users consistently give positive ratings to entertainment news and negative ratings to stories about nature or finance, the site will likely increase its coverage of the entertainment industry while downplaying stories about endangered animals or the bond market. All of this information can be quite helpful to companies trying to market their goods and services effectively via the Internet.
When online e-tailor Amazon.com began selling books and CDs from its Web site in the mid-1990s, its customers soon noticed that the site was paying special attention to them. Say, for example, an individual purchased a Vietnamese cookbook: the next time that individual visited the site he or she would be greeted by name and offered a selection of similar cookbooks that might be of interest. If the customer bought a number of jazz CDs, the site might recommend additional jazz titles, books about jazz and jazz artists, travel guides to cities famous for their jazz clubs, and so on.
This is called "push marketing." Simply put, push marketing uses known information about individuals as a consumer to push specific advertising messages on them. While one person is offered information about jazz, another checking out the same site at the same time might be seeing ads touting motorcycles, soccer, or whatever he or she has shown interest in on earlier trips to the site.
Market research provides manufacturers and retailers with information not only on consumer buying habits but also on how the demographics of our society are changing. This information helps them target emerging consumer groups and tailor their products to meet the needs of those groups.
Marketing researchers have found that today's consumers are different from their predecessors. According to the U.S. Census Bureau's Current Population Survey, the number of households consisting of married couples fell from nearly 61 percent in 1980 to about 52 percent in 2003. In contrast, the number of people living alone continued to rise. The number of American teenagers has leveled off, while the number of men age twenty to forty-four has been decreasing slowly and will continue to do so throughout the first half of this century. Perhaps most notable in terms of marketing is the fact that the eldest of America's baby boomers—those people born from 1946 to 1964—are hitting retirement age.
These demographic changes affect the buying patterns and needs of consumers and influence the way in which manufacturers choose to market their goods. For instance, the growing number of people living alone has led many food manufacturers to package their products in single-serving sizes. The number of U.S. teenagers with money to spend has encouraged manufacturers to develop a greater variety of electronic products, including video game platforms, cell phones, and MP3 players. Successful middle-aged baby boomers are likely to have extra income, which will energize the market for goods such as furniture. As more specific market data become available, manufacturers will be able to finely tune their marketing strategies and distribution methods.
Once a manufacturer determines who its customers are likely to be, it sets about making its product both appealing and accessible to them. This process starts with the packaging. Today's packaging incorporates elaborate graphic images, photos, and other illustrations that stand out from the competition.
Technology is constantly changing the way goods are packaged and sometimes solves age-old problems. For example, toothpaste was traditionally packaged in squeezable screw-capped tubes. However, some customers complained that the tubes were difficult to squeeze; others found that they were left with wasted toothpaste at the bottom of the tubes; and still others were frustrated over continually misplacing the tiny screw-on caps. Toothpaste companies responded to these problems by offering consumers a softer tube with a permanently attached flip-top cap and a "pump" package in addition to a conventional tube. Another example is soap products. Pump bottles have replaced bar soaps for the kitchen and countertop. Marketers appeal to children with brightly colored liquid soaps, character-laden labels, and an inviting, foamy consistency.
The U.S. government also plays an important role in the packaging of goods. In response to overflowing landfills and other environmental concerns, the government has enacted a number of regulations aimed at ensuring the use of "eco-friendly" packaging practices. As a result many manufacturers now use packaging materials that are recyclable
Manufacturers use information on consumer buying habits to tailor their products to meet the needs of specific consumer groups. Then they package the products and advertise them to appeal to people in those groups. (© Piotr Redlinski/Corbis.)
or biodegradable. The amount of materials needed to package an item has decreased as well. For example, when compact discs first arrived on the market, they were sold in packaging that was much larger than the CDs themselves; today music CDs are packaged in a small plastic case covered only in cellophane. Manufacturers will continue to develop lighter plastics, fibrous glass, and recyclable composite materials. In addition, technological advances in food packaging will provide manufacturers with new designs that increase the shelf life of their products.
The Flexible Packaging Web site noted that as of 2005 the packaging industry was estimated to be a 420-billion-dollar global industry, with the United States accounting for about $124 billion, or 29 percent of it.
Advertising is critical to an effective marketing strategy and has become omnipresent throughout the world. Piccadilly Circus in London, the Ginza district of Tokyo, Times Square in Manhattan—each is awash in flashing neon, jumbo video screens, and electronic billboards. Advertising also enters Americans' lives via television, radio, newspapers, magazines, and the Internet. The goal of advertising is convincing consumers to Buy This Product or to Use This Service.
The U.S. advertising industry was the largest in the world in 2006. According to the American Association of Advertising Agencies, the United States is home to more than thirteen thousand ad agencies. Some are big companies with offices in cities throughout the world; others are small shops employing as few as ten or fifteen professionals. Competition for clients is fierce and the financial stakes are high. The success or failure of a product or service may well rest on its ad campaign.
Today's ad agencies perform a variety of marketing tasks. Creating print and electronic advertisements is only one part of the business. Agencies often put together complete marketing strategies for their clients. If a soft drink manufacturer is developing a new flavor, its ad agency may play an important role in all aspects of the process: conducting consumer taste tests, developing a product image, designing logos and packaging, creating advertisements, buying advertising time and space, and deciding where and how the product will be sold. Such an integrated approach not only keeps the product's image and message consistent, it also frees the manufacturer to concentrate on what it does best—developing and manufacturing soft drinks.
Many large corporations hire advertising agencies to promote themselves and their employees. These agencies send out press releases to various local media in an attempt to create a communityminded image for a specific company. For example, a local real estate office may team up with a non-profit organization to raise money through fundraisers, raffles, or dances.
Television and radio advertisements offer manufacturers the chance to familiarize millions of consumers with their products. Advertisers use actors, sports figures, and other celebrities to sell everything from sneakers and soft drinks to trucks and brokerage firm services. These commercials are carefully scripted and often use state-of-the-art film and editing techniques.
Manufacturers buy airtime during specific programs, often using available demographic data regarding a show's audience to determine which time spots to buy. Although television commercials have proven extremely effective, they come at a very high price. A thirty-second television commercial can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. "Event" programming, such as the Super Bowl, can generate many millions of dollars in advertising revenue. Often this is money well spent. For instance, CareerBuilder.com aired Super Bowl ads about a man who worked in an office full of monkeys. The ads caught the nation's attention and remained popular long after their first appearance, leading to a surge of new visitors to the CareerBuilder Web site.
Despite the success of television commercials, some industry observers believe that this type of advertising will become less and less influential. At a time when viewers are offered more than one hundred channels (with more on the way) and remote controls provide an easy exit, television commercials face a big challenge in retaining consumers' interest.
Retail stores and other local businesses do much of their advertising through print media, which include newspapers, magazines, the Yellow Pages, and supermarket fliers. Advertising is serious business for our country's daily newspapers. In 2003 advertising
Daily newspapers derive more than 75 percent of their total income from selling space to advertisers. Most newspaper advertisers are retail stores and other local businesses. (© Martha Tabor/ Working Images Photographs. Reproduced by permission.)
accounted for more than 77 percent of their total receipts, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's 2006 Statistical Abstracts of the United States. In recent years, however, other types of media have started to eat away at the newspaper industry's market share. In 2004 daily newspaper circulation was 54.6 million, down from previous years because of digital cable, the Internet, and mass mailers.
Sports, fashion, and computer magazines are some of the most popular advertising vehicles in the nation. The U.S. Census Bureau reported that magazine advertising expenditures rose from $3.1 billion in 1980 to $12.1 billion in 2004. Newspapers and magazines now have Web sites that include classifieds ads. The Internet has provided another outlet for the publishing media to attract advertising.
The newest channel for advertising—the Internet—arrived as the twentieth century came to a close. It did not take long for ad agencies and their clients to realize that at any given moment tens of millions of people around the world were sitting in front of computer screens. Soon this captive audience was bombarded with electronic banner ads running across the tops and down the sides of Internet pages and pop-up ads springing up in front of them. These ads were unique because they were interactive—they could be linked to other information the consumer might want to know about a product or service. Through a series of mouse clicks, a small banner ad or larger pop-up ad could provide a potential customer with pages of information, including product comparisons, selling pitches, and special offers. The information might be presented in print, audio, or video formats or some combination of the three. However, many programs also became available that allowed users to "turn off" banner ads and block pop-up ads.
Three-fourths of today's marketing budget goes not to advertising but to promotions. Manufacturers promote their products by sponsoring major events such as figure skating competitions and jazz concerts. Across the country sports arenas are being renamed for corporate sponsors who pay to have their names attached to the arenas. Most of the new ball-parks—from San Francisco's AT&T Park to Philadelphia's Citizens Bank Park—are named for corporate sponsors.
Some manufacturers sponsor promotions with more charitable goals. For example, Colgate-Palmolive helped to create the Starlight Starbright Children's Foundation to fulfill the wishes of terminally ill children. Newspaper inserts alerted people to the foundation. When consumers used the coupons in the insert, a percentage of the money was donated to Starlight.
Many companies use a marketing method called product sampling to introduce their new items to the public. Taste tests at restaurants and bars are a good example of product sampling. This method gives business owners and managers of food establishments the opportunity to decide firsthand which products to market to their clientele. Point-of-purchase advertising is another promotional technique, and it is the most immediate form of advertising available to a manufacturer or retailer. It includes any advertising that occurs where the product is sold, such as photos of mouthwatering burgers and fries at fast food restaurants.
Product pricing is another function of a manufacturer's marketing department. Pricing is based on a number of factors, the first of which is the cost to manufacture the item. This figure includes labor costs, the price of the materials from which the product is made, and the cost of packaging the product. Money spent on advertising and promoting the product must also be recouped through sales, thus adding to the price of the product. The manufacturer must settle on a price that allows for profit yet stays competitive with other brands of the same or similar products. But the product does not go directly to the customer. It must first make a journey through distributors and then take up valuable space on a store's shelves. These steps add to the item's cost.
Once a manufacturer has made potential customers aware of its product, the next step is to make that product available. Most consumer products follow a path from producer to consumer—a path maintained by wholesalers and distributors. National, regional, or local wholesalers buy goods in large quantities from manufacturers, then sell the goods to retailers and large institutions.
The actual movement of goods from factory to warehouse to retailer is done by workers in the transportation industry, with help from stock clerks, shipping and receiving clerks, and warehouse workers. In recent years the movement from producer to consumer has been made far more efficient through the use of "just-in-time" inventory systems. By ordering goods so that they arrive just in time to sell or ship to retailers, wholesalers and large retail stores can keep their costly inventories smaller.
Just as it has affected nearly every other aspect of marketing, the Internet is also becoming its own distribution channel. Traditionally, after a book has been written it must be set in type, printed, bound, shipped to a wholesaler's warehouse, inventoried, shipped out to bookstores, and possibly even shipped from the bookstore to a customer. The Internet enables publishers to skip most of these steps and their associated costs. Once the book is set in type, it can be offered in a downloadable format at a publisher's site. Customers select which books they want, pay for them, and then download them to their printers. No more binding, packing, shipping, warehousing, or doing inventory. For publishers and book buyers, this process is nothing short of a distribution revolution.
Retail stores are one of the country's most significant sources of jobs. In the 2006 edition of Statistical Abstracts of the United States, the U.S. Census Bureau reported that retail jobs accounted for one out of every seven non-farm jobs in the private sector in 2004. Retail outlets sell merchandise—everything from cereal to socks—for personal use. Supermarkets, department stores, discount stores, convenience stores, and restaurants are some of the many types of retail stores.
These are the high-paying jobs described in this volume. The figures represent typical salaries or earnings for experienced workers.
Retail stores also provide manufacturers with a powerful way to get their products into the hands of
Warehouse workers, such as this forklift operator, are involved in the movement of goods from factory to warehouse to retailer. (© Martha Tabor/Working Images Photographs. Reproduced by permission.)
consumers. According to the Census Bureau's Monthly Retail Trade Survey, retail sales exceeded $3.7 trillion in 2005.
An increasingly competitive climate has caused many of today's retailers to rethink their sales strategies. Many are streamlining their operations and cutting staff and inventory to decrease overhead expenses. At the same time they are adding new services. Some superstores have expanded their services to include hair salons, portrait studios, vision centers, nail salons, and restaurants. Superstore customers can find groceries, clothes, shoes, housewares, and even auto and garden supplies all under one roof. The convenience offered by superstores has made them increasingly popular among busy Americans.
A variety of retailers offer consumers a comfortable environment in which to browse, relax, and engage in various types of activities. For example, some national bookstore chains have opened coffee areas, couches for reading, and recreational areas for children. To maintain their competitive edge, these stores focus on keeping prices low, limiting expenses, and maintaining a fresh supply of stock. One way that retailers achieve this is through a technique called Quick Response.
Quick Response was developed in 1986 by Roger Milliken, president and CEO of Milliken and Company. Quick Response is a business strategy that minimizes the time required for a product to be manufactured, distributed, and sold. This system has revolutionized the way in which products are moved from manufacturer to customer. Using the Quick Response system a salesperson scans a bar code attached to the packaging of each product brought to the checkout counter. This bar code contains identifying information about the product. The information is sent electronically to a computer system at the store's distributor. The distributor's computer automatically schedules a replacement to be delivered to the store and passes this information on to the manufacturer. The manufacturer then creates a replacement product to be delivered to the distributor. Quick Response has succeeded in helping many retailers operate in a more cost-effective manner.
Not all producers market their goods to retailers through distributors. Many companies are turning instead to the lucrative mail-order catalog business. In 2003 alone U.S. mail-order sales exceeded $90 billion, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's Statistical Abstracts of the United States. Marketers such as L.L. Bean, Neiman Marcus, and a large number of computer hardware and software vendors have revolutionized the way Americans purchase products. The industry uses customer lists provided by marketing researchers to target new customers and solicit business.
Home shopping television networks provide manufacturers with another way to market their products directly to consumers. These twenty-four-hour-a-day cable channels, which include QVC (an acronym for Quality, Value, and Convenience) and HSN (the Home Shopping Network), enable viewers to order products by phone. QVC, one of the biggest home shopping networks, claimed it reached 85 million households in 2006 and sold merchandise to more than 190,000 customers a day. In some cases the prices charged by cable channel retailers are comparable to or even cheaper than those in conventional retail outlets.
Some manufacturers go directly to consumers via the Internet. Internet stores may be electronic branches of traditional retail outlets or stores created specifically for the Web. E-tail stores have several advantages over traditional retailers—no parking problems, no crowds, no annoying store music, and purchases delivered right to the consumer's door. Wedding, baby, and bridal registries are often listed online, allowing guests one-stop shopping. These shoppers may opt to have their gifts wrapped and shipped directly to the recipient, which is especially convenient for guests who are traveling or cannot attend a special occasion.
Business-to-business marketing is the process by which businesses sell goods or services to other businesses. This type of marketing is an increasingly important factor in the modern economy. Many large manufacturers purchase raw materials (such as metals or chemicals), finished components (such as computer chips, electronic circuitry, or auto parts), or service operations (such as payroll, customer service, or accounting) from other businesses. Investment firms, insurance companies, and health care providers often seek out businesses with better returns on investments and lower group rates. Business-to-business marketing can be very competitive and lucrative. It is the responsibility of the business providing those goods or services to build and maintain a long-term relationship with its various business clients.
The first step in business-to-business marketing is making prospective customers aware of a business's goods or services. Because those goods or services
Retail stores are a major source of employment in the United States as well as an effective way for manufacturers to get their products to consumers. (Photograph by Kelly A. Quin. Thomson Gale. Reproduced by permission.)
are generally expensive purchases involving long-term contracts, the decision-making process can take a long time. Salespeople must be ready to answer any questions potential customers may have and be able to describe clearly the differences between their company's goods or services and those offered by the competition. In addition, business-to-business marketers must maintain good relationships with their customers after the purchase is made. Many economists feel that positive interactions with existing customers is a key to the success of a business selling to other businesses.
Business-to-business marketing on the Internet, known as B2B, took off in the late 1990s. Producers and customers found the Internet a great environment in which to establish long-term contacts between businesses. For sellers and buyers alike, the Internet is a fast, reliable international marketplace of a type that was never before possible.
A major shift in the U.S. economy has taken place over the past few decades. Once dominated by the production of goods, the economy is now dominated by the production of services. As a result the marketing and distribution of services have developed into a major new industry.
The "service industry" centers on large-scale operations in which major corporations sell consumers credit cards, telecommunications devices, cable television access, utilities, and the like. The industry also includes the services of trained professionals such as health care providers, insurance brokers, real estate salespeople, lawyers, accountants, and stockbrokers. Other "services" marketed to families and individuals include the arts (music, theater, dance), education (colleges and continuing education programs), and physical fitness (health clubs and personal training). Just about every facet of American culture has adopted marketing strategies to serve its own purposes.
The process of marketing services begins with the hiring of professionals to design effective marketing strategies; however, these strategies focus on the quality of the services provided rather than on the quality of the goods produced. Services are marketed through a combination of traditional print and broadcast advertising, direct mail advertising, telemarketing, and e-tailing.
Diverse service marketers often bundle their offerings. For instance, credit card companies, long distance telephone companies, and airlines may pool their offerings to allow consumers to earn "frequent flier miles" for signing on with a certain credit card or telephone service. Such partnerships allow consumers to gain additional benefits as they use a company's services. Bundling is expected to remain an important strategy for acquiring and maintaining service customers. As the services sector continues to grow in size and the various campaigns to market those services grow ever more complex, the demand for skilled services-marketing personnel will also grow.
Some marketing techniques have been scrutinized and even banned by federal regulations. In October 2003 the U.S. government created the Do-Not-Call list. Americans could add their names and telephone numbers to the list by visiting a Web site (www.donotcall.gov). Once people posted their numbers on the list, telemarketers were forbidden to solicit them for five years. Exemptions included charitable and political organizations. In addition, the CAN-Spam Act, which was passed by Congress in 2003, required spammers (senders of unwanted junk e-mails) to provide recipients an easy way to opt out of future spam.
Occupations in the fields of marketing and distribution are being radically transformed by the information revolution propelling the early twenty-first century. Although industry experts can predict trends with a good degree of accuracy, technological innovations will continue to transform our world in ways that are difficult to forecast. In the 1980s few people could have predicted how rapidly computers would make it into the home. Only 15 million American households had personal computers in 1990. By 2004, however, 69 million American homes had at least one personal computer, according to the U.S. Census Bureau's Statistical Abstracts of the United States. Of these more than half had access to the Internet.
No matter how our world changes, technology will continue to play a role in our lives. Because of this, manufacturers, marketing firms, and distributors will most likely seek employees who have attained a relatively high level of education and who possess technical knowledge and skills.
Manufacturers' Sales Worker Job Description, Career as a Manufacturers' Sales Worker, Salary, Employment - Definition and Nature of the Work, Education and Training Requirements, Getting the Job [next] [back] Job Profiles—Some Specialized Training/Experience
Please include a link to this page if you have found this material useful for research or writing a related article. Content on this website is from high-quality, licensed material originally published in print form. You can always be sure you're reading unbiased, factual, and accurate information.
Iam world record holder for longest time holding 68.5kg of mouthweight inthe year of 2010.can you use my record for the colgate tooth powder add purpose?
they are aromatic natural herbs and spices that enhances the flavor of any dishes they came on 10 different presentations, I like to introduce the spices to the larges retail stores on america, can some one help me?
We have been presented an opportunity to purchase the Orphanage property that we are currently renting in Hydrabad, India. It would be unfortunate if some other party were to purchase the Land and Building and displace our Children. This building provides adequate housing for 12 boys and 12 girls plus our support staffers. It is a modern structure and has running water for drinking and bathing that is pumped with an electric pump. It is located in a large developed city where demand and cost for housing is expected to increase continuously. We hope to be able to purchase the building before the owner gives in to neighborhood pressure or market conditions and sells the building to an outsider. We would need to close on the purchase before our current lease expires on 12/31/16 . Please do what you can to help and get involved with this cause by sharing this page with your friends and family. We are hoping to raise $50,000 for this cause. So far we have raised $0. If you would like to contribute to this cause, click on the donate button below:
Thanks to your generous contributions and continued sponsorship, CFC volunteers work around the clock all around the world. Today, we are housing hundreds of orphans in India, feeding thousands in Africa, supporting poor children in the Azores and providing financial support and rehabilitation centers in Brazil. Visit our Mission Page to learn more about how your donations are being used to save children across the globe.
An estimated 41.5 million orphaned children living in Africa, , over 110,000 of those living in Guinea-Bissau (UNICEF).
With tough economic times plaguing our Global Community, this is a crucial time to help those who cannot help themselves. To embrace one of our Causes as an organization or group, please complete our Contact Form and one of our Directors will contact you. View our Current Funding Campaigns to see what Needs we are working on meeting.
In 2006, UNICEF estimated that 9,100,000 children in Brazil are living in poverty Up to 8 million children live and/or work on the streets. About 42% of Brazilian children live in poverty. Approximately 1/8 of all Brazilian children live on the streets. In 2010, there were 473,600 people incarcerated in Brazilian prisons and jails. Drugs are responsible for 85,000 of the total tally.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by “Car Hire Shop” and whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of “Car Hire Shop”. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, “Car Hire Shop” takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
We compare live prices of Australia's major car rental companies. Our comparison and booking service is FREE. We don't charge any cancellation fees.
Your bookings are made directly with the car rental companies. You don't need to make any online payments.
At Car Hire Shop, you can rent Nissan X Trail in Adelaide, SA, Australia at cheap rates and compare the car rental rates for other vehicles in same category.
Below is the list of vehicles similar to Nissan X Trail and other rental vehicles that can be hired in Adelaide or its surrounding locations. Grab a bargain from our last minute car hire comparison prices of Nissan X Trail. A new car hire search must be made to access live car rental rates.
If you looking for typically the best anti-virus subscription for the Windows-based PERSONAL COMPUTER, we advocate Bitdefender Antivirus Plus On the web use, inexpensive, didn’t marsh, quagmire our method down, as well as it has ended up persistently graded amongst the many efficient antivirus answers simply by malware analysts. Even if each and every of typically the web safety builders all of us looked over seems to have some course that gives these functions, a number of carry out not consist of them within their basic ant-virus solutions. Your laptop may possibly be about to computer scratches in the event you are actually not utilizing antivirus software package and posting it consistently. Protection meant for 5 tools. Our review articles, performed side by side with International Consumer Research Screening, an organization of self-governing, not-for-profit companies, resulted in free of charge antivirus plans that ought to adequately guard virtually all but the foremost at-risk web users from viruses viruses, malware, and various other on-line provocations.
The main last point you need will be for employees’ performance for you to suffer given that the software is usually helping to make their very own computing devices perform substantially slower in comparison with most are used to. Appear at the exact products’ AV-TEST just brings into play operation to view which in turn are most effective. Bitdefender Ant-virus Free Option is holding pace using any associated with the evidently better-known 100 % free antivirus plans on the following scoop. Safety covers the main actual security and safety performance, interpretation how nicely does the main application recognize along with prohibit dangers? For years, brains agencies diagnosed that Kaspersky Lab’s protection products furnished a backside door with regard to Russian learning ability.
Those laboratories test DIFFERENT program from models with regarded spy ware and also products and services that can be arranged simply because essentially undesired computer software like adware. This leagues connected with security and safety authorities are usually continuously investigating fresh hazards and even devising innovative ways for you to help safeguard your systems from these individuals. Check Position Antivirus works by using real-time strain signatures and even anomaly-based protections out of ThreatCloud, the best collaborative link for you to combat online identity theft, to identify and even block spy ware for the portal previous to consumers tend to be affected. If you work with some sort of desktop as well as personal computer on campus, the item is powerfully recommended you are running strain protection application.
Ant-virus software www.fisiotaping.com.br manufacturers also may easy access their very own huge data bank to examine documents by using properties which bring about their valuable rules selected elements that match referred to spyware and. Large anti-virus , personal information plus data security security for your personal Desktops, Macs, touch screen phones, and also medication all in one membership. The spanish language enterprise Pandilla Stability offers you Grupo To safeguard Computers, a strong endpoint security measure as well as anti virus software package. Each individual laboratory work repeatedly content the important anti virus brands’ flag ship supplements so that you can stress checks involving more than 800 previously invisible pieces connected with spy ware, with AV-TEST including 10, 000 cases of identified spy ware.
Malware and additional damaging software package, for example spyware and adware, trojans or possibly trojans, might poor the main process connected with your laptop as well as grant hackers usage of personal details. The base solution intended for protecting your company from on line threats is definitely small industry ant-virus software programs that give many the required licenses. Help to make sure Glass windows firewall is normally on to help assistance corner spyware and and keep harmful websites through grabbing files off your company’s computer. When some totally free software can include further, if there’s a specific option you wish which include Wireless internet safeguards or maybe safeguarded buying, it’s worthwhile checking equally absolutely free and paid-for solutions before you make your choice.
We safeguard your LAPTOP with ransomware, phishing episodes, germs, spy ware along with other cyber risks along with our highly developed security software products. These are generally some about the most effective ant-virus software package programs to get Mac. By default, it instantly detects Imac malware, nevertheless it’ll as well keep the eye outside for everything Panes as well as Apache based, to help you come to be sure to not really unintentionally send out these kinds of records anywhere else. Many other answers are also used, which includes Unique Danger Operations UTM, component in addition to technique firewalls, Cloud-based anti virus , and even internet readers.
Filmmaker || Photographer || Producer || Director Videographer || Editor || Media || Photography || Video || Washington, D.C. || DC
Copyright © 2000 - 2018 The British Girls Adult Film Database. All rights reserved. BGAFD must be consulted about the reproduction of any materials from www.bgafd.co.uk.
Use this forum to chat about anything you want in the pre-set topics, Video Games, Sports, School ANYTHING
At Carking.in, we deal in solving the biggest problem in the used car market in our country. Everyone is guessing. Dealers don’t know
At Carking.in, we deal in solving the biggest problem in the used car market in our country. Everyone is guessing. Dealers don’t know what helps them grow business, or even from where they will get leads to buy and sell their stock.
The manuscript catalogue of the former University Library in Wrocław (so called „Göber’s catalogue”)
This publication is unavailable to your account. If you have more privileged account please try to use it or contact with the institution connected to this digital library.
Originally posted on National Geographic 6/15/2013: http://voices.nationalgeographic.com/2013/06/15/gyre-expedition-day-5-bearing-witness-witnessing-bears-act-2-wednesday-june-12/ A mile down the beach and a mile out on the flat more-or-less, another mother trails three cubs from clam-hole to clam-hole. When she spots a big dark male headed her way from half a mile away, she moves off, in a hurry and a worry, frequently glancing […]
Originally posted on National Geographic 6/14/2013: http://voices.nationalgeographic.com/2013/06/14/gyre-expedition-day-5-bearing-witness-witnessing-bears-act-1-wednesday-june-12/ In the “morning” of the never-ending daylight, as the sun has swung round to the east and climbs the sky once more, we awaken in our windowless cabins. We’ve spent the short night at anchor in Hallo Bay. We head shoreward, trying to beat a dropping tide. We […]
Sabina Kwasek photographed on a bridge by Marc Van Dalen. His webpage is here and an interview with Marc is here.
Wow! This post is awesome! You both look amazing! Love your outfits and that location just rocks! Great job!
All locations of the Caroline County Public Library will be closed Monday November 12th in observation of Veteran's Day.
Join us for a half hour of stories, songs, fingerplays, and movement. For children ages birth to five, with an accompanying caregiver.
It is important to figure how to manage expenses in business systematically. Sometimes there is your own lot of over-spending and / or the finances are not actually controlled well. Ultimately revenue may could be affected yet to be paid to unaccounted employee prices. Expense management software must be a fantastic feather to actually the cap but which it needs to be second hand appropriately. There are differing ways in which that company can improve charges management in business. It is very important to actually facilitate better expense administration solutions overall.
It is important on have limits set to your expense accounts for the a maximum allowable focus can aid you throughout the focusing better on the most important overall cost incurred. Considering that per the results of most a study, about 41% of the firms have had a significant more affordable in the processing purchase once have set a specific limit to their allowable expenses. If the employee requires expenses further the set amount, afterwards it is important in which to solicit receipts and evidence for the overspending.
Several accounting programs get card transactions straight by means of the credit card once again end so you shouldn't have to spend a lot of time reciprocal the receipts of financial dealings. It is also supported to use an pay out tracking and reporting a software program so you can scan and match the receipts in real time. So it can aid in living everything equalized and contains you to point out any discrepancies in the expense rules.
It is important within order to use expense management solutions where you get to successfully set parameters in expense costs, categories and undesirable expenses. If there are any violations, the system will bring it and your notice without using your input on virtually any daily basis. Employees might need to be trained near using the software then companies should help all of them with understand how their expenses will be monitored. This guidance might play a role in decreasing the measure of employees who violate expense rules.
To avoid over-spending at employees, acceptable as well as unacceptable expenditures ought to have to be clarified. And if you have expense operations software, you can quite simply bifurcate between the fine and the unacceptable disbursements. For instance, lunches, food and business supplies will be cost to the small business as well as air tickets, hotels or ingredients. On the other hand, a massage during a business trip might come under 'unacceptable expenses' as compared to those are personal for the individual.
design your own sectional build a sofa reviews build your own sectional furniture design your own sectional sofa interior define sectional couch design ideas.
cross sectional design definition research your own leather sofa repeated,sectional sofa design your furniture online pillows build meaning example cross study examples ppt,design your own sectional couches modern sofas leather sofa recliner,build your own sectional pieces west elm within design garage cross study examples ppt canada,scandinavian design sectional sofa designer sofas sale build your own online meaning,cross sectional study design examples ppt your own couch meaning ideas,grey sectional design ideas sofa make your own new plans online scan,design your own reclining sectional build leather by intended for multiple cross example garage,interesting design your own sectional build sofa ideas cross definition research,design your own reclining sectional properties scandinavian sofa small couch build with.
The boldest and most notorious pirate infesting the waters of England’s North American and Caribbean colonies in the early 1700’s was Blackbeard. Occurring during "the Golden Age of Piracy," his activities and those of his contemporaries are an integral part of America’s colonial history.
The pirate’s infamous deeds spread his name on both sides of the Atlantic; Blackbeard’s name may yet be found in history books, and in the archives and public records in Great Britain, France, Spain, Pennsylvania, Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina.
His original name possibly was Edward Thatch or Teach, and Blackbeard likely was born around 1680 and died 1718 in a fierce fight off Ocracoke Island. He was believed to be native to Bristol, England. The pirate’s name also appears in other variations of Thatch, including Tache or Tatch.
Indications are that Blackbeard was born into an intelligent, well-to-do family. He could read and write and corresponded with merchants. He seemed equally at ease with ruffians and governors.
Blackbeard is thought to have served in the Queen Anne’s War between England and Spain, which lasted from 1702-1713. He is believed to have been a privateer, sailing out of Kingston, Jamaica to prey on French ships for Britain.
After the war, Blackbeard signed on with the pirate crew of Captain Benjamin Hornigold, sailing out of New Providence in the Bahamas. He proved a fierce and able pirate, and captured the French slave ship, Concorde in 1717 off St. Vincent Island in the Caribbean. Blackbeard became captain of the ship and renamed her the Queen Anne’s Revenge.
The Concorde had already been outfitted with 14 guns, but Blackbeard increased the total firepower to 40 guns, likely adding small cannons, called rail guns (likely 2 1/2’ to 4’ long), that could be mounted on the ship’s rail and operated by one man.
Blackbeard’s reputation began with his first attack as captain. This battle was with the large merchant ship, the Great Allen, off St. Vincent. After a lengthy battle Blackbeard took the ship, plundered the cargo, then burned and sank it.
Blackbeard crafted his appearance to enhance his reputation. He was tall, had a powerful physique and a bushy black beard from which he took his name. Before battle he would plait the beard into little pigtails, tie them with colored ribbons and twist some braids behind his ears. Immediately before battle he would light several long, slow-burning hemp cords and tuck them under his hat, allowing wisps of smoke to curl up around his face.
He wore pistols, daggers and a cutlass in a belt about his waist. Across his chest he wore a sling that held three brace of pistols, all six primed, cocked and ready to fire.
Blackbeard victimized ships from the Caribbean to New England. Legend has it that he used several hideouts in North Carolina and that Ocracoke Inlet was a favorite. An anchorage inside Ocracoke Inlet is still known as "Teach’s Hole."
In May, 1718, perhaps Blackbeard’s most outrageous attack was made upon the city of Charleston, S.C., which was the busiest and most important port in the southern colonies. Blackbeard’s flotilla settled outside the entrance to the harbor and took several merchant ships, capturing gold and other valuables. His most significant demand was for supplies to refill his medicine chest, and he received supplies valued between 200 and 300 pounds.
Many believed that Blackbeard had a cozy relationship with North Carolina’s colonial Gov. Charles Eden, and that Eden and some of his associates shared in some of Blackbeard’s booty, possibly looking the other way on his infractions.
Virginia’s Gov. Alexander Spotswood was alarmed that Blackbeard would continue his pirating even though he had been pardoned by Gov. Eden in June, 1718. Pirates continued to attack along the Atlantic Coast and some of the larcenies were thought to be Blackbeard’s work. Since it seemed clear Eden was not going to interfere with Blackbeard’s operations, Spotswood convinced the local British naval force, the Virginia Assembly and some of Eden’s opponents to aid him in capturing Blackbeard, and offered 100 pounds sterling as reward to whoever captured or killed Blackbeard.
On Friday, Nov. 22, 1718, Blackbeard met his death in a battle off Ocracoke Island. Gov. Spotswood leased two sloops, with British commanders and crew; each had a pilot from North Carolina. Caught by surprise, short handed, and tricked into doing battle on the attacking vessel, Blackbeard came to a bloody end.
On the blood soaked deck of the small sloop sent to attack the pirate, Lt. Robert Maynard confronted Blackbeard. It seemed a classic face-off of good and evil that demanded death as the only resolution. Reportedly, each pulled pistols and fired upon meeting; Blackbeard missed his mark; Maynard’s shot plowed through Blackbeard’s great body. They continued to fight with swords; as Blackbeard moved in for a finishing blow with his cutlass, another seaman approached and slashed his throat. The legend says Blackbeard fought on, in spite of bullet wounds and gashed neck, as other British seamen joined in for the kill. Even while being stabbed, he yet cocked a pistol to continue the fight as he fell dead. His head was then cut off and hung from the bowsprit of Maynard’s ship.
(Note to editor: This information was collected from "Blackbeard the Pirate", 1974, by Robert E. Lee and "The Pirates of North Carolina", 1960, by Hugh F. Rankin. Additional information from Richard Lawrence, unit head, underwater archaeology unit, N.C. Division of Archives and History; Phil Masters of Intersal, Inc., and David Moore, registrar, N.C. Maritime Museum.)
You can't miss Jockey's Ridge if you get near Nag's Head unless it's pitch dark. It begins just inland from the beach on the east side, and tumbles into the sound on the west side. The highway (NC 12) goes around it by necessity, and barely has room to do that.
What a strange sight this is, an ancient mountain of sand in a place where everything around it exists just a foot or two above mean sea level. This tremendous dune, or actually a series of dunes, seems to defy explanation or reason. Where did it come from? How did it get here? Caught between the ocean and the sound, there seems to be nowhere for it to go, and nowhere it could have come from. Why is it here?
North is at the top in this aerial composite of Jockey's Ridge assembled from NOAA photos taken right after Hurricane Isabel.
Jockey's Ridge is certainly not the only large dune on the Outer Banks. There are others, mostly between Nag's Head and Carova, with Kill Devil Hills being another well known site for large dunes or "hills" as they were called in the early days. Old maps and charts list places like Whales Head Hill, Poyner's Hill, Paul Samiel's Hill, Wreck Hill and many more. But these places were not really hills, just a fanciful use of the term "hill" applied to larger-than-average sand dunes. Still, on the flat, often treeless and desolate landscape that characterized much of the Outer Banks just a hundred years ago, these "hills" were distinctive landmarks where nothing else could serve as such.
Jockey's Ridge was most likely the largest of these "hills", even two and three hundred years ago, and is today the largest sand dune on the east coast. In fact, it is large enough to be visible from space, and astronauts have taken photos of it, as in the example at right from NASA. But it is in a constant state of flux, changing shape and size with every breeze, and with every storm. Yet, in a chaotic way, it remains essentially the same, and has done so for at least several hundred years. Universities, and scientists, and scholars have studied it, and student theses have been written about it. Core samples have been taken to determine how long it has been here, and to find out what might be under it. And if you could interpret all their mumbo-jumbo techno-jargon, you would find out that essentially what they know is this - it's been here a long time and it's made of sand. The rest is a lot of unanswered questions and speculation.
The wonderful thing about Jockey's Ridge is that we don't have to worry about all that. Leave the why's and wherefore's to the scholars All we need do is marvel at it, and enjoy the view.
This place is especially for children and lovers. The kids are wild about this gigantic sandbox. They can run and play, and really have a ball, and maybe wear themselves out (so they'll sleep in the car, or take a nap when you get back to your vacation lodging). Bring a large piece of an old cardboard box and they can use it for a sled. Or they can play super hero, jumping down the sides in the steeper places. They won't actually go very far, but it will feel that way to them. They'll never forget the experience. But it's the view and the sunsets that attract the lovers, and the young at heart too. The park is open until at least sunset, and it's a great way to end a day of sightseeing.
Left: This old tree from 1973 was gone in 2003. The tiny specks atop the dune in the background are people.
In this wide angle view at right, looking south from Jockey's Ridge, the upper left of the photo shows the ocean and the upper right shows the sound. In the original full-sized image the bridge between Roanoke Island and Nag's Head is visible, as is Roanoke Island. But the necessity of reducing the size of the wide angle image above to make it practical for the web looses those fainter details, even though it is still quite a large image.
Just as Roanoke Island is visible from the dune, Jockey's Ridge is equally visible, if not more so, from the island, particularly if you view it from the Fort Raleigh site. The photo at left was taken in 2004 on an overcast hazy day, and the dune was still easily seen from the "Lost Colony" amphitheater. Comparing this photo with one at right taken from the same area thirty one years earlier in 1973 shows how the dune is presently flattened out on top. In 1973 there was more of a peak on the north end (left side of the photo).
The Park Service has nature trails through the trees and thickets around the dunes for the nature enthusiasts and bird watchers. Hang gliding is a big draw here as well, with a concession next to the park office where lessons are offered right there on the dunes. A kite could entertain a kid for hours on these great sand dunes, given the constant wind here. It's no wonder this has been a popular place to visit long before any bridge connected the barrier islands to Roanoke Island or the mainland. You simply have to come and see it for yourself.
The collected translations and commentary by Wilhelm Kriessmann, Ph.D. and Carolyn Yeager from Hermann Giesler's German-language memoir Ein Anderer Hitler.
A wealth of insight into the REAL HITLER awaits you in this new book that puts it all together in thirteen revealing chapters that lay out the world view and the unique personality of the most controversial leader of the twentieth century. Hitler the artist ... Hitler the humanist … Hitler the persistent planner ... are three of the aspects of Adolf Hitler you will learn about, or learn more about, in this book. [See special announcement below with the ordering information.]
You may have already read the selections when they appeared in The Barnes Review from Dec. 2008 through June 2011. Or you may have read them when they appeared on this website. But, as I myself experienced when seeing the chapters together in book form for the first time, you will be struck by the greater clarity in which you perceive not only the man but the surrounding details of history from 1939 to 1945 that Hitler was intimately involved with. It is solid history that we can rely on because we can rely on Hermann Giesler. As an honest admirer and friend of Adolf Hitler, he faithfully reported what he saw and heard during his time spent at Obersalzberg and at the secret headquarters of Wolfschaanze in East Prussia and Werwolf in Ukraine. He probably jotted down notes after his many meetings with the Fuehrer.
Though this new book refers to Hitler the artist, that designation is not determined by the paintings and drawings created by young Adolf in Vienna and Munich, but by his sensitivity to, and the importance he placed on Art in the life of a nation. His own artistic ability (he always said if he had not become a politician – and that was because he believed Germany needed him – he would have become a famous architect) certainly influenced the importance he placed on city building projects, some of which he had been thinking about since his youth. It's also why he needed to remain involved in such projects.
Seeing the world around him through the eyes of an artist also explains why the National Socialist party buildings and events were so visually well designed with flags, banners, decorative reliefs and attractive uniforms, with impressive outdoor rallies featuring thousands of participants and dramatic nighttime lighting displays. No one else has ever achieved the integration of art with politics in the masterful way Hitler did.
Yet, this book remains mainly about Hitler the political and wartime leader and planner because that is what Giesler thought important to relate for history. Even so, as a prize-winning architect Hermann Giesler naturally picked up on the artist in Hitler and it comes through on page after page of his memoir. Hitler the humanist also comes through clearly, and often in combination with a modesty of demeanor unexpected in the Fuehrer. What we don't find is either 'Hitler the overwrought screamer' or 'Hitler the cold-blooded executioner' because that Hitler didn't exist, and there was no hint between the two men of the mythical “war crimes,” nor any mention of such by the inner circle at headquarters.
Special announcement: A certain portion of the first order of books were inadvertently trimmed too small in the bindery process. If the book you paid for is less than a full 6" by 9" (an eighth to a quarter inch less in height and width), please let me know by email [[email protected]] or in the contact section, and TBR will send you a replacement copy. Just give me the name you ordered the book under. Sorry for the oversight, but I want everyone to have a perfect book and so does the publisher.
Thanks JoeG. I don't think you'll be disappointed. However, let me know what you think after you read it, or begin to read it, right here in this space. Questions will be okay too. I'm looking forward to a good discussion.
I'm on page 38, Chapter 2, and I have this question as to where the Geisler text begins and ends and where the translator and you come in. Sometimes there is the sign "Translator's Note" but clearly there is text that has no sign and yet cannot be part of Geisler's text - unless I'm entirely wrong. I find the blending or run-in narration between Geisler and non-Geisler a little disconcerting because unconventional. Otherwise, I'm enjoying the reading experience thus far. The Napoleon meme in Hitler's thinking is wonderful and his trust in certain leaders doing the right thing makes him so real and human that I wish the general public could see the man through Geisler's porthole. It's up to you whether you want to post this comment, of course. I'm mainly just interested to learn your viewpoint on how the narration flows in the text.
A very good question that I'm happy to answer. In Chapter two, for our commentary, we used the device of taking a quote from Giesler's text to head each article of commentary. So only the quote on page 38-39 is Giesler and, following the astericks, is Wilhelm and me.
You wil find some minor differences in handling from one chapter to the next (but not much) because it originally appeared in TBR magazine in 14 installments, two months apart. I didn't change too much because I want the book to remain what Willi and I did together, not re-do it on my own. There could be no end to that, 4 to 5 years later.
Further, I think the publisher and I made it very clear in the Table of Contents, if you check that, where the additional writing from the translators is. Those pages have a gray screen on them to identify them, but I agree it is very light on this smooth paper. One thing we're doing is to darken that screen just a little in the next printing.
Where you find Translators' Commentary or Notes in the Giesler text, it is separated by astericks, so when you get to the astericks following it, you are back in Giesler's writing. Let me know if you find anything else unclear.
Thank you, Carolyn, for the fine run-down on what's up with the narration. The big clue you told me was the Table of Contents, which I totally ignored. I just jumped right in and never looked back, but now . . . I grasp the text much better. I got the part about the asterisks on my own, but I appreciate you confirming my perception.
Not quite relevant, but it's still on the topic of Hitler. Robert S. Griffin apparently summarized Hitler's philosophy from "Mein Kamp" at the Occidental Observer yesterday. It wasn't a bad summary, I thought.
I think Robert Griffin's article on Mein Kampf at TOO is quite good. I read half of it and scanned through the comments, then just finished it now. In fact, I copied it to a document page and saved it. I don't think the comments are up to the quality of his 'summry.' I was disappointed in them, over all.
Good! I'm glad you approved the summary, Carolyn. The comments could add nothing to the content of the article. How could they? I didn't read all the comments but the majority response was favorable to Griffin's summary. Somebody mentioned that what was left out of the summary was Hitler's view on the abolition of the thraldom of [financial] interest. I also thought your new book has a viewpoint that might be added to the summary -- war as an art. No?
War as an art? That would not be part of Hitler's essential beliefs. That's what Griffin was limiting himself to - wisely - so mentioning the "abolition of interest" would also not be covered.
I noticed that on education Griffin stated: "Hitler held up the Greek ideal of an education that promotes a noble soul, physical beauty, and a brilliant mind." The last sentence in my article included in Chapt 13 of my book (p 240) states: [Hitler's] "idea of national greatness was only fulfilled in a true national art and culture—reminiscent of the ancient Greeks he admired, wherein physical beauty combines with a brilliant mind and noble soul."
So what would you say is the viewpoint of AWTW? People have to remember that the "author" is Hermann Giesler giving his experience in the company of Adolf Hitler. Willi and I are just the translators, although I guess the translator does insert a slight amount of interpretation (more with some than others!) We tried to be as faithful as we could. We always reminded ourselves, "Whatever Giesler has written, whether it makes sense to us or not, is what it is our obligation to pass on." Haha. It always did make sense to both of us, finally. We had a lot of fun doing it.
I mentioned in my comment really only tongue-in-cheekishly war as an art as perhaps needing to be added to Robert Griffin's summary because in my reading of Chapter 3 of AWTW, that's what Giesler says Hitler says, and I wanted to create a bit more stimulus for discussing your new book if not for you then for others who might visit your site.
Building a strategy to defeat the enemy Hitler saw as an architectural structure (says Herman Giesler), and given already what the book presents as Hitler's love of architecture and art, his viewpoint on the war was identical with those he already possessed aesthetically about architecture.
To answer your question, the point of view of the book as a whole, I know, is supposed to be that of Giesler, but it doesn't really wholly and clearly read that way to me or display in a hard and fast way that this is, in fact, the case.
I think the views or ideas of the translators blend in with Giesler's words a little too well at times. For me, thus far, the effect is creating a viewpoint that says, "This is Hitler and Hitler's mind, and Giesler is one who has the most evidence for this presentation, but the other two, the translators, also know a thing or two about Hitler's mind as well and we make few hard and fast distinctions between what Giesler says and what we say."
I find myself taking all the text in as data or facts about Hitler, Carolyn, because trying to make the distinction between the translators and Giesler is, for me, a regular distraction thus far. There are details about the war itself that are unknown to me and hard going so I am a slow reader at this point because I do not want to skim, skip, or browse. I want to take it all in and so far I've been doing this pretty well, I think.
I think my disappointment in the comments at TOO is due to the fact that the regular commentors there seem to have boycotted Griffin's article and I wanted to know what their reaction would be. No, they cannot say, it appears the cat has their tongue.
I would have liked to comment on the Occidental Observer article but I wasn't sure whether or not it admitted Jews into it's ranks. It seems too mainstream for my taste. My reply would have been:
It is a great mistake to reduce this struggle to a primitive naturalism, which comes dangerously close to Marxism (which denies the superphysical reality. Not to be confused for the supernatural occurrences associated with Christianity). Can hereditary answer for why Mozart composed at the age of 5 or why the sons of geniuses rarely live up to their father's expectations? There is clearly something deeper at work than hereditary and environment. Obviously, "god" can no longer explain it. The key lies in discovering aspects of the laws of Nature. Struggle isn't the only aspect of these law, there's also a law of constant change, laws of sowing and reaping, etc.Hitler frequently spoke of a Providence (not exclusive to his speeches). What I find astonishing is that you haven't mentioned this anywhere in this article. Did he not indicate he was religious in multiple speeches? Can there even be a Hitler without his religion? That is not to say that his deity was typical (anthropomorphic, pagan) or even pantheistic (nihilistic, not to mention the Jew Spinoza has distorted the original meaning). Hitler indicated in Mein Kampf that the cultural creativity of the old Germans would have eventually blossomed if they had ended up in a better climate. I don't know if Reinhold Hanisch had read Mein Kampf, but he recalled Hitler saying similar things about the Germans, if they had remained faithful to their old mythology.Aryan is not merely another word for white people, it also signifies a mantle and responsibility, especially if the teachings of Hitler's mentor are taken into consideration. If one observes how most Americans and Englishmen behave today, you'll have to admit that they are the furthest from this disposition, they are essentially spiritual Jews, devoid of culture and thoroughly physicalist. Whereas the Hindus, the Japanese, the Chinese, the Arabs, etc. have maintained (although in a poor way) a greater measure of knowledge and understanding, even if these are rather primitive conceptions compared to the highly developed worldview of the Greeks.
It's no coincidence that Hitler viewed the Germans as heirs to Greece and Rome. There is a mantle passed down from cultures, and the mark of this exchange is the really significant incarnations, who incline themselves towards the Greeks. That is precisely what Goethe, Nietzsche, and Hitler have in common. They had attained a superior perspective of life and were geniuses in the Roman sense of the word: guiding instincts for life. Schopenhauer was brilliant, but not this kind of genius.As for Idealism versus Materialism, once again, Dietrich Eckart's worldview should be studied here. In Mein Kampf, Hitler identifies idealism again and again as a "condition of man's existence." But consciousness ("spirituality") requires a material basis. Eckart identified materialism as "a condition of man's earthly being". It follows that there should be a balance maintained between the two extremes. So it is erroneous to say that Hitler favored idealism over egoism. He emphasized it more, but he did not disavow it's significance. IIRC in one speech, he even said he was a materialist insofar as it did not matter which religion prevailed in whatever country.
Joey, What you say above in your comment "Point of View" I cannot agree with, but I'm glad you're expressing your honest true reaction. That's what I want people to do. You wrote:
If you're saying that in our commentary we are not critical of or divergent from Giesler, you would be correct. But to say that "our views" blend too well with Giesler's views leaves me perplexed because we don't express any views within the text, only give background information. If you study it closely I think you will find it is all information that is "out there" and has been for some time, not opinions.
But, I would suggest if you want pure Giesler that you skip those parts that are marked "Translators' Commentary". Then later, if you feel you have questions, you can go back to them.
BTW, Chapters 12 and 13 have no commentary in them at all, the only two. So these will give you the experience you want. :)
What Hitler said was that 'city building' (renovating cities) required intricate planning and integrating many different aspects of a large project, same as is necessary in strategic war planning. So he was sure Giesler could understand and appreciate what he was telling him. He wasn't really talking about "Art" per se.
Thanks for your comments, Carolyn. The translators' viewpoints are not divergent or critical from Giesers, I agree, and I certainly didn't expect the case to be otherwise than what it is. However, I don't exactly know what the cause exactly is, Translator's Notes, aside, but I feel I'm not reading Giesler entirely or directly.
The translators made a selection, so this book is not Giesler's from beginning to end, right? Much editing and cutting did go on, right? I don't know if it's the translations or what, but it feels like interpolations are going on within the translation if that makes any sense at all. I don't know the German language at all, so I depend upon the tone in one aspect to reach an appreciation of the text, and the Giesler text doesn't read smoothly or consistently by way of tone, at least not for me. I understand the American language and its grammar and I grasp what the meaning is in every sentence clearly. The language itself, I mean to say, is very clear grammatically or syntactically, one of the hallmarks of TBR's books in general.
Maybe some of what I experience is due to editing, I don't know. I experience a high, educated tone and then I experience something not unlike newspaper prose that I'm supposed to believe is coming from the same man. The transition feels jarring, disconcerting. It feels as if separate people are talking or that the approximation to Giesler's own tone wasn't adhered to consistently, which all may be unavoidable due to the difficulties of translating from one language to another. Hitler's Mein Kampf has different interpretations or reads differently from different translations. I understood Hitler's German for Mein Kampf was not classical German but a rough sort of street parlance. He dictated it and then someone else wrote it down (who?) and then still others translated it. Something of some such thing is what I feel when I'm reading the text thus far. It was palpable enough that I addressed the subject to you early on, Carolyn. Going back to the Table of Contents doesn't help, although it certainly explains something. Maybe once I read the whole thing and then go back over it, this "dissonance" or tonal distraction will disappear.
It's not a big deal for me at this point. I'm way too early in my reading to have an overall perspective about the book, and I like the information I'm picking up on every page.
The Athenians, in particular, were the first to emphasize brawn, brains, culture, and beauty, and Hitler drew from them for sure. The Founding Fathers also drew from Greek culture but Roman culture as well. In my opinion, Hitler came closest to realizing the Greek perspective.
"I experience a high, educated tone and then I experience something not unlike newspaper prose that I'm supposed to believe is coming from the same man."
Carolyn, on page 11 of your book, Giesler writes beautifully and artfully about the simple atmosphere of the Fuehrer headquarters in the small village of Bruly. It's a long paragraph full of words like "Belle Epoque" and "stylish eclecticism." He writes s as if he's familiar with salons, both literary and political. It's a wonderful passage in the way he uses language. This language is reminiscent of many memoirs of this period.
Then, for example, on page 47, Giesler lists out two military considerations among Hitler, Keitel, Jodl, and Runstedt: "1) The rapid thrust of the panzers . . . The flat environment of Dunkirk demanded full strength of the panzer corps. . . . 2) The southern flank of Army Group A was partly wide open. . . As it turned out, bad weather grounded the Reichsmarschall's bombers for days, allowing 338,000 British soldiers to escape . . ."
But apparently, that's just the way he wrote is what I'm gathering. To be artist and warlord is a difficult task to pull off, without question, and attempts to do both are rare. Maybe Lawrence of Arabia's memoirs have the same tussles with language. (I've never read it.)
Joey, Joey ... you can't compare page 11 to Page 47 and then call it a transition. That's why I couldn't imagine what you were talking about.
However, even if you could, you are still wrong. Page 47 is not Giesler writing - that is Translator's Commentary ! And your pointing that out shows that what I/we wrote is quite distinguishable from what Giesler wrote. Yes, sometimes his words are very moving.
I am realizing that you are not very careful in your reading, but that is unfortunately common. I get things mixed up myself, so I forgive you.
I didn't compare page 11 to page 47 and call it a transition. I never used such a word and my comment has nothing to do with that idea. But I know you're loving my mistakes, and I really can't say I blame you. :)
You got me on the excerpt from page 47, because it is the Translators' Commentary, like you said. I found it even for a second time without looking at the whole page, as if in the dark, just remembering the wording itself, not who wrote it.
The claim I made was that the author's tone was uneven -- high versus newspaper -- and I wanted to show you proof of that, regardless of my previous misreadings and misunderstandings. But now, glancing back at the text or chapters I've already read, I'm pretty clear now that all the newspaper-type writing I picked up on was without discernment and does belong only to the translators after all.
There is a section in Chapter 4 where the conversation is somewhat pedestrian since it's about tea, and Giesler states, "It was not clear to me what Hitler was drinking most of the time." (PAGE 71) There is an unintentional joke in that sentence but it doesn't qualify as what I had called previously "newspaper writing."
I experience a high, educated tone and then I experience something not unlike newspaper prose that I'm supposed to believe is coming from the same man. The transition feels jarring, disconcerting. It feels as if separate people are talking ...
And then you gave me the example from page 11 to page 47. Do you have a better example that is a true transition? Anyway, we have covered this.
That scene with G and H drinking tea is one of my very favorites. I think it is so sweet, H talking about the kind of tea flavors he likes. He was such a real and good person. So was Giesler. I love them. And I like you too, Joey.
Yes, Carolyn, technically speaking I once used the word “transition,” but that’s not what the issue is (or was). The issue is (or was) that you chose to use the word “transition" in a completely different context from the one I used it in, so that what you wrote wasn’t what I said, wasn’t a repetition of what I said; it was a misinterpretation or misunderstanding of what I said — or meant to say.
My denial about the word arises because you asserted that I was comparing the two passages as some sort of “transition” from one to the other. I wasn’t comparing at all - nor did I mean to suggest that. I was contrasting them, or just mentioning one kind of voice versus another kind of voice, and my selection was, as you know, in error because I was contrasting verbal apples and oranges.
When I originally used the word “transition,” I meant it only in the sense of contrast, and not like a transit from one thing to another, not like a movement or transformation or a means of understanding the text. “Transition” has different meanings. It’s very easy to misunderstand what others mean by the words they choose at times. Context is the only thing that helps or helps me.
My original idea and impression were that Giesler was like a connoisseur the way he wrote and then like a tradesman in other ways that he wrote. I called that change or difference or contrast a “transition,” and I found it jarring, but all was for nothing because I simply was mistaken in all my impressions at the start. I was inadvertently mixing the translator's writing with his!
So everything got topsy-turvey with you and me, Carolyn, about this book because I was relying on memory and impressions only, and then I was making comments about your book based just on that, not really having the text in front of me, not giving it that hard textual analysis that makes for clear communication. It was laziness on my behalf finally. I’m really sorry I got off on the wrong track at the start and wasted in effect so much of your time, although I thank you for the courtesy you’ve extended me and your generosity in posting communications.
I like you, too, Carolyn. You’re my go-to gal for news and insight -- every day. I like Hitler very much, too. I like Giesler, especially now I know for sure which parts are truly his memoirs and which are not. I did find it very hard to stop paying attention to the memoir in order to pay attention to the notes and commentary, but I like that you are a good journalist, attentive and smart, and I'll know soon enough whether art is Art or not, so no more about true transitions for now, whatever they are, okay?
You're trying to wiggle out of your "transition" blunder but you can't. Just accept it. Your input was valuable, so accept that too. All is well. I'm making a few format-only changes in the second printing of the book, based on your complaints, so you can take credit.
The translators made a selection, so this book is not Giesler's from beginning to end, right? Much editing and cutting did go on, right? I don't know if it's the translations or what, but it feels like interpolations are going on within the translation if that makes any sense at all.
I can easily say, you have the wrong impression. I think it could be tied to an expectation you had about the book. Apparently you never saw the separate articles in The Barnes Review, nor did you look at them when they were posted here on my webiste. Is that right?
What you say about the book not being Giesler from beginning to end really surprises me. Of course it is. But our book is not Giesler's book from beginning to end. Giesler's memoir is 500 6.5x9.5 pages of small type. Our book was determined by Wilhelm Kriessmann, who read the book and selected the parts to translate that he, and later also I, thought were most important and interesting to us. They are mostly, if not all, in the last part of Giesler's book. But everything W. translated he did in full; everything Giesler wrote on that subject or under that heading. We used many of Giesler's headings. Willi did not pick and choose what to say within a section except for a couple of places in Hitler in Paris bc he said Giesler went on too much about technical architectural talk.
The Commentary was done to orient the reader in a text that might be confusing, or incomplete, to some ... not all. I can tell you that TBR did only the most basic editing of the magazine articles, which they insist upon to align with their format rules (much of which I reversed both then and for the book). Don't give TBR an editorial role bc they didn't have one, only actual design and production by Paul Angel
Giesler himself is not a professional writer and I don't know how much editing was done by his publisher, if any. It's possible he would not allow any. He had a hard time finding a publisher, I know that. His book has never been translated into English except for sentences here and there, afaik. Every translated sentence I have ever seen compared very closely to ours, sometimes almost identical.
Your sense that there are "interpolations going on within the Giesler text" is simply a mistaken sense by you. If you think you feel a "Germanness" within Giesler's writing, and then suddenly that is replaced by an "Americaness", well, it's not something I notice but an answer for it could be our method of working together. I will write about that in a separate comment.
Thanks for your thoughtful reply. I did not read any prior materials, no. I think my expectation of the book was that something very writerly was supposed to have been written by Giesler, an educated and cultured man, but the text does not have that smooth writerly or literary quality to it, at least not consistently, so I suppose the whole of my subjective impression of the writing was based just in that expectation and that only. I was not making any argument or distinction about Germanness versus Americanness in my comment. I was using such references merely to convey an impression of the multi-voices I heard -- or, better, sensed, within the translation; that's all. I'll chalk it all up to subjectivity on my part and unwarranted expectations. You did a great job going over my concerns and giving answer, and that's, of course, very much appreciated.
Do you see the words Ein Anderer Hitler over on the far right sidebar? All the installments were there for around 4 years and just taken down in December. The most highly-read one was over 40,000 reads, as I recall. But the book is still better to have.
It is humorous to me that you expected a "smooth, literary style" from Giesler. He was educated as an engineer basically, wouldn't you say? Here is one example from the book - when Giesler quotes Hitler's greeting at Bruly de Pesche in Chapter 1, p 9-10:
- Very well, Giesler, you did not know it back then, but I was sure, both in the strategic conception, the tactical individual measures and the trust in the power of the German Wehrmacht. This resulted in the carefully considered timing. - Of course I remembered that in the winter I had invited you to see Paris with me, I also asked Speer and Breker to do so. I want to see Paris with my artists, we fly in the early morning hours.
Wilhelm did a superb job. He was used to speaking both German and English from say 1948 on. He was always good at everything he put himself to. Except typing. He always had a secretary. I did the editing, sometimes it was a big job, other times easy. We worked together using skype "talk." I was the only editor, the final wording was mine (maybe that's why it sounds similar to the Commentary to you), but never without his agreement. I made sure that what we had in English was the same as Giesler had written in German. We very much apprecited, and needed, one another's contribution. It was in every way a joint project.
I thank you for bringing this up, so I could answer concerns other people might also have. I can refer them here.
I just finished Chapter 4 this afternoon, and I found this sentence, "What follow are Giesler's recommendations."
That sentence is what I've been dependent on finding in the text, and it was the first time such a break was offered this reader -- at Chapter 4. Even though you wrote me about the Table of Contents and I saw the division or interruption of the Giesler text there for myself, I nonetheless, like a boob, kept reading straight through, wondering what part was Giesler and what part was you or Willi. That wasn't a very sensible thing for me to have done.
I think I just didn't like the interruption in my reading and I didn't like having to constantly refer back to the Table of Contents so I didn't and then thought I'd naturally get the gist if I kept on reading, which never fully happened. And maybe I felt a subconscious pressure to digest the book quickly like Raymond Goodman did, even though he's an experienced historian and teacher.
In Chapter 4 there's a Translators' Commentary that goes on for a couple of pages, and that is also unusual. I wasn't sure what part was the Translators' Commentary and what part was Giesler until I read the words, "What follow are Giesler's recollections."
As I read more of Giesler's recollections of Hitler's plans of attack, I was astonished by his detailed memories and then I realized that all this time, from Chapter 1 to Chapter 3 for sure, I didn't believe, unconsciously, I didn't really believe that Giesler could have written so militaristically about the war since I assumed he was only an architect and engineer and only learned about Hitler's plans when Hitler directly shared his strategies with Giesler. I thought there was some commentary being inserted into the text from by the translators just to provide more military background. I made it up!
So I had expectations, made assumptions, invented illusions, and clearly ignored your certain tips as to how to read this book, and I only just realized this by reading Chapter 4 and finding out -- after our discussion too -- how wrong or wrong-headed I'd been. But now I'm "woked" as they say, and don't think I'm going to make that mistake again.
I'm really very sorry for putting you on the defensive, which was not my intention, but my confusion and ignorance was in the way. Haste and inattentiveness was the cause of this morass despite my attempt to read the book slowly and carefully -- or so I had thought.
About any editorial credits to TBR, I made none. I merely suggested that TBRs books are clear to read; that's their hallmark, as this book is clear to read -- despite the unusual formatting or design of the book.
Also, when I was addressing Hitler's view of war as art, here is the exact quotation from Giesler's memoir at page 44 of TAWTW: "In December 1939, the offensive plan moved from a mere idea into a more concrete stage. Great strategy takes place not only on an intellectual level, but according to its own laws, similar to city building, and architecture -- I am nearly tempted to say, it is artwork."
Hitler was nearly tempted to say it was artwork. I think he was saying or was at least suggesting it was artwork.
The formatting of the book is unusual. I prefer my text not to be so frequently interrupted. I'd rather have all the explanatory essays at the back or further information put in footnotes, which is the more conventional approach, but I finally understand the format. Oh, one other thing about this memoir and my expectations or assumptions. It really is a kind of memoir that I've not read before -- given so much military information that's in it. It might have been called a history or a biography, I think. For me, it would have gone down (in my brain) better. I associate memoirs with literary writing especially.
As it turns out, it wasn't necessary before then. Chapt. 1 and 2 have no commentary apart from beginning and end (I had said previously it was only 12 & 13 ... and also neither does Chapt 11). See page 48 and "Hitler continues:"
You have really made a mountain out of a molehill. Are you always like this? Hitler definitely did not say that War is Art -- he suggested strategy/war planning is an art. Exactly, bc it's not a purely intellectual process.
But continue to give me your thoughts. You have caused me to see some unnecessary astericks in Chapt. 5 and for that I'm thankful bc we're preparing for the 2nd printing.
Nothing I wrote says that I said Hitler said War Is Art, Carolyn. I used the phrase "war as an art" only, and I didn't capitalize "art." Do you make mountains out of molehills all the time, Carolyn? :)
I quoted a passage from your own book. From Giesler's memoir, Hitler clearly said on page 44 that he was tempted to say making war plans is artwork. Now do you want to tease apart the meaning of artwork versus the meaning of Art? Can you make that distinction? Does the book make that distinction? The title of the book is "The Artist Within the Warlord." I'm looking at this theme within the book. Apart from a brief discussion of architecture at the beginning when Hitler and Giesler are in Paris, there is precious little art talk in the first four chapters. I'm not making a mountain out of a molehill. I'm trying to find the point to this book, i.e., the evidence for the artist within the warlord. Forgive me if I found a morsel of an idea about art from Hitler's own lips in the book.
his viewpoint on the war was identical with those he already possessed aesthetically about architecture.
I think that is a statement that does not quite hold up. You're reaching too far. That's what I'm getting at. Speaking about the planning aspect of war and architecture is not speaking about the aesthetics.
You've read four chapters out of 13 and you're fussing that the book is misrepresenting itself. The word Warlord is also in the title. You can criticize the book all you want, it doesn't bother me. In fact, it's helpful. You may inspire someone to buy it to find out for him or herself.
Speaking about the planning aspect of war is not speaking about aesthetics? Yes, it is. Integration is one of the aspects of both art and planning war, and Hitler touched on that.
I’m not getting in a fuss about the book misrepresenting itself. I don't think it does misrepresent itself, and I hope I never implied that. I’m only just trying to get out a hole that I built myself with you, Carolyn!!! I misread a lot of the book so far as its design or formatting is concerned, and I'm trying to correct impressions I gave to myself first and then shared with you. I’m glad you feel I can criticize the book all I want. That's real objectivity and detachment. I applaud you for having it, and I know few authors who do have both, so you're rare and well-liked for it, but I apologize for so having misunderstood your book so badly that my responses came off totally as criticism.
This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
International Day of Commemoration in Honor of the Revisionists Who Introduced Sanity to the Auschwitz “Death Camp” Narrative
To my valued readers and listeners: If you enjoy this site, please contribute to the costs of keeping it online. Thank you!
If you are moving in or out of your property and need a though deep clean why not give us a call and ask for our End of Tenancy Cleaning (EoTc) service for private/commercial.
Get your rental or property cleaned professionally with our check-list service reflecting the standards required by major national UK letting agents. Each cleaning operation has its own End of Tenancy Check-List (EoTCL)
Our EoTc is carried out by a dedicated mobile team who specialise in impeccable intense cleans. The uniformed team is equipped with powerful eco solutions. We carry the big tools, and latest cleaning equipment so that the Clean Team can blitz any private or commercial property.
We also offer services that clean communal areas in buildings and flats. This also includes walls and ceilings.
Fully insured Carpet Doctors provide an all in friendly, honest, ethical, and caring client centred service in a professional manner.
This site uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. No personal information will be taken by us. By continuing to use this site you will be giving us consent to do so.OkRead more
Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
The State Building Code requires that "[n]o person, firm or corporation shall erect, construct, enlarge, install, alter, repair, move, improve, remove, convert or demolish any building, structure, or service system without first obtaining a permit for such from the Inspections Department having jurisdiction."
Trace this Saturday: We’d love to announce we found a way of putting more tickets up for sale, but every seat and standing room ticket has been sold. There is a slight possibility that a few tickets could be turned back at the last moment and be available for purchase at Will Call on concert night . . . but no guarantees. Thanks to everyone involved in helping us notch yet another “sold out” hole in our 2018 concert belt!
Creedence August 12: From Have You Seen the Rain to Who’ll Stop the Rain you’ll hear all the hits when Creedence Clearwater Revival founding members and Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Stu Cook and Doug “Cosmo” Clifford lead Creedence Clearwater Revisited into TJ’s Corral on Sunday evening, August 12! Rooms are available that night in both our Hotel and Motor Lodge with rates starting at $99. Purchase concert tickets through our website which allows you to view the seating layout map and select your seat. You can also buy tickets in person at the Hotel Front Desk. Reservations for the Hotel, Motor Lodge and RV Park can be made on our website or by calling 775-783-6629.
Tidbits from Ted Concert Last Wednesday: Great crowd quite patriotically garbed, patient with the extra screening procedures and definitely in the Independence Day spirit! As always, a captured-the-feel wrap-up by Tahoe Onstage! We learned that “Ted Talk” can mean more than just watching 18 minute videos on YouTube! No complaints from people in seats about having a hard time hearing because people were visiting in the standing areas! Lots of reminders about first and second amendment rights! The song Stranglehold is appropriately named because Ted had a stranglehold on the audience until he played this hit! Of the 1500 patriotic hats we gave out to concertgoers, not a one was left behind when we cleaned up! Ted definitely knew how to pronounce Nevada!
Ladies’ Night Tonight: Join us from 5:30 to 8:30 PM with a Chocolate Shoppe Treat for the first 150 ladies (with more instant FreePlay winners inside) and All Wrapped Up Gift Baskets as hot seat prizes. Also tonight: games, raffles (with more winners), a weekly drink special and free bingo with bigger jackpots.
Progressive Cash Giveaway Friday and Saturday: Join us at 6, 7 and 8 PM are for cash, FreePlay and chances for the Progressive Cash Giveaway Jackpot.
Point Multipliers Saturday: Inn Club members earn 4 Times Points on video reel slots and 3 Times Points on video poker slots all day Saturday . . . A great way to build up your point total to use for comps and other special benefits.
FreePlay Bonus Up to $50 Monday: Use your card while playing and you’re the guaranteed winner of $7 - $10 in FreePlay for each 250 points you earn on Monday up to 1,250 points! The FreePlay downloads automatically to your account with accompanying graphics and sounds announcing your amount!
Sports and Race Book: This week you can bet on today’s World Cup Soccer Semifinals Match between Croatia and England and this weekend’s finals. The Wimbledon Tennis Tournament matches are also available and the odds are up for the The Open (British Open Golf Tournament) on July 19 – 22. Wagers are also being taken on Major League Baseball, WNBA, NBA Summer League, Canadian Football League, the NASCAR Quaker State 400 at the Kentucky Speedway and Horseracing. Futures include winners of the World Series, NASCAR Monster Energy Series, the NFL Conference Championships, the 2019 Super Bowl, the 2019 NCAA Football Championship and the 2019 NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament!
Today is Blueberry Muffin Day. We whip them up in our bakery and serve them daily in Job’s Perk and Katie’s.
Friday is French Fries Day. Yep. Got ‘em in Katie’s and, so the story goes, you can get garlic fries by special request in CV Steak. And there is some irony that the next day, France plays in the World Cub finals, so let's call 'em “pommes frites” this year!
Friday is also Kebab Day. With no respect as to whether it meets the strict definition of a “kebab,” our vote goes straight to the Seafood Brochette entrée in CV Steak: skewered salmon, swordfish, halibut, scallops and shrimp served with a chili lime cilantro glace!
Saturday is Grand Marnier Day. With all due respect to the mixed drinks made with Grand Marnier, and also to the relaxing powers of a straight snifter after dinner, our focus is on the Grand Marnier Cheesecake dessert served only in CV Steak.
Saturday is Pandemonium Day. Hope it doesn’t get quite to that level at the Trace Adkins Concert in TJ’s Saturday!
Monday is Fresh Spinach Day. Everyone needs an occasional day to tone down the calorie intake so order the Spinach Salad in Katie’s: Fresh spinach tossed with hard-boiled egg, bacon, diced red onion, mushrooms, Parmesan cheese and croutons served with raspberry vinaigrette! Want a little more protein? Add grilled chicken breast and you can still claim “I behaved today.”
Monday is Corn Fritters Day. No, we don’t have corn fritters but we have our viable alternative for offsetting the fresh spinach salad you had earlier trying to be good: enjoy an Apple Fritter - available daily in Job’s Perk!
Looking to Shoot a Low Score? Then be sure to check out our Annual Mixed Scramble Golf Outing on the weekend after Labor Day. Whatever your level of golf talents, you’ll fit right in. A blind draw determines the teams for the Saturday tournament, you’re guaranteed to meet new friends who enjoy golf at some level, there are social functions on both Friday and Saturday nights and an optional practice round on Friday. This event is perfect for those who enjoy playing golf yet want the comfort of “acceptance” no matter what their level of play – either in general or on the particular day of this tournament. For more information, click here to see the flyer with all the details.
Prefer to Aim for a High Score? Our Summer Fun Sporting Clays coming up on August 5 – 7 could be right up your alley! There’s an opening reception at the CVI on Sunday night, two days chasing clay targets (Walker River Resort and Carson Valley Clays) and a final-night dinner at JT Basque Restaurant & Bar. All the details are in the flyer at this link.
Wednesday is Italian Day in Katie’s – three specials for $6.99 each served from 11 AM to 10 PM! The Friday and Saturday night special in Katie’s is Roasted Prime Rib & Fried Shrimp for $14.99 served from 4 PM.
Thursday’s special in CV Steak is the CV Steak Mix Grill, a combination of our Filet Mignon, a Dijon and molasses Marinated Pork Tenderloin Medallion and Herb Marinated Lamb Chop for $26. This Friday it's Roasted Stuffed Quail with prosciutto, wild rice pilaf and plum port glaze for $28. Saturday night’s special is Garlic Studded Prime Rib for $26 and Sunday's special is King Crab Legs for $28. These specials are served with fresh vegetable, choice of rice or potato – au gratin, baked, or a one-pound, twice-baked – tableside tossed salad and warm demi-loaf of bread.
RYE Brothers tonight through Saturday, John Palmore Sunday and Monday, and Jamie Rollins Tuesday and Wednesday. The Rye Brothers are a “power-pop” country act, mixing contemporary country music and rock n’ roll guitar driven songs. The perfect cabaret lounge entertainment for Trace Adkins concert weekend! Musical director for the late "Louis Armstrong," John Palmore is an accomplished singer and keyboardist who has worked with Jackie Wilson, Mary Wells, ZZ Hill, Wilson Pickett, Joe Simon, Percy Sledge, The Platters and other "name" artists. An upbeat and experienced entertainer, Jamie Rollins performs a variety of music from country to rock, to classic oldies and R&B – plus a few his own songs.
Planning a Stay at the CVI? You will always get the best rate by booking directly with the Carson Valley Inn either online or by
Comments? Have questions or comments about the CVI? Use the comments section below, shoot us an email or pick up the phone and call us @ 775-782-9711. Hit “0” when the automated voice comes on and you'll go right to the hotel operator who can get you to the correct person or department. We have a lot more coming up at the Carson Valley Inn so check our Blog posting every Wednesday morning!
After a long absence, Chevrolet brings back rear-wheel-drive V8 sedan power -- and not just for the police. The 2014 Chevy SS promises to be a great successor to the beloved and short-lived Pontiac G8.
Fans of 21st century Detroit muscle, rejoice: The Pontiac G8 is back -- in spirit if not in sheet metal, anyway. The beloved G8 only lasted two years before Pontiac closed its doors, dashing enthusiast hopes for stealthy rear-wheel-drive V8 power most could afford and use every day. The 2014 Chevrolet SS looks to reignite those hopes.
This Australian-built rear-drive sedan will use the same underpinnings as that country's Holden Commodore, and is essentially a civilian version of the Chevrolet Caprice PPV sold to American police departments. The Caprice cop car offers both a 3.6-liter V6 and a 6.0-liter V8, the latter generating 335 horsepower and 384 pound-feet of torque.
Given the limited nature of the Chevy SS, we expect it to offer only a V8, perhaps even the 6.2-liter version used in the current Camaro SS. That engine makes 426 hp and 420 lb-ft of torque in the six-speed manual-equipped Camaro SS (400 hp and 410 lb-ft with the six-speed automatic). We expect the SS to offer a standard six-speed automatic transmission, but like the top-performing G8 GXP model before it, we hold out hope for the optional six-speed manual.
The 2014 SS will also serve as the base car for Chevrolet's 2013 NASCAR Sprint Cup campaign, with a likely debut at the Daytona 500 in February. The production SS is expected at dealers in late 2013. Check back for a full review of the 2014 Chevrolet SS, including specs, driving impressions and buying advice as it becomes available.
Room Reservations roommanager@castletonumc.org Reserve a room for your event. Click Here for Reservation Form.
Fill out the form at the bottom of this page, and we will get you connected with the right person or information!
Captcha question (Please answer the Captcha question below to prevent bots from submitting this form)
tuckahoe pool hall ave rentals ymca hours village richmond va,tuckahoe pool membership falls church va slideshow vs swim meet richmond,tuckahoe pool hours village richmond va general manager career opportunity at recreation club flooded,pool community swim club tuckahoe schedule richmond va village,tuckahoe rd pool hall book by in falls church va ymca hours,tuckahoe rd pool hall falls church va hours property image of avenue in,tuckahoe village west pool hours richmond va swim club outer banks community vacation rentals,tuckahoe rd pool hall ymca hours falls pools admission,photos at recreation club great falls st tuckahoe pool hall rd swim richmond va,tuckahoe swim club richmond va pool hours hall membership renewals are due lap.
We have hundreds of vintage bicycle patent illustrations. All of the U.S. patent drawings have been restored and enhanced so they look great on small prints to wall posters for framed art.
We have many vintage bike and velocipede ads from the late 1800's through the early 1900's. Most on faded journal paper and a few in color from old store catalogs. It is interesting to see the variety of bicycles: high wheelers, velocipedes, tricycles, chainless, gear driven, self propelled, safety bikes, recumbent and chain driven. Classic cycling posters, choose your print size and frame design.
Companies across the world are using CATA Marketing and Promotional Resources to boost their profile to customers, investors and media. TELUS is one of them. View the latest media release on 2018 TELUS Venture Summit (April 11th in Toronto): http://cata.ca/2018/telus-venture-summit
The Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance (CATAAlliance) is Canada’s One Voice for Innovation Lobby Group, and is crowdsourcing ideas and guidance from thousands of opt in members in moderated social networks in Canada and key global markets. (No Tech Firm Left Behind)
Looking at pictures : an introduction to art for young people / Joy Richardson ; with illustrations by Charlotte Voake
Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.
Demonstrate proficiency in legal research and application of procedural and substantive authorities, including areas of law in which the student may not be familiar.
Demonstrate writing skills that are consistent with generally accepted standards within the legal profession, including the ability to communicate legal analysis and application through organized and well-written correspondence, memoranda and pleadings.
Demonstrate the ability to develop discovery plans, prepare cases for trial and capably assist in all courtroom proceedings.
Use technology commonly found in the legal environment, including the electronic courtroom. This technology includes Microsoft Office products, electronic databases and other appropriate legal software.
Communicate effectively with colleagues and clients utilizing good listening skills and through appropriate interactions in small group work.
Demonstrate professionalism through leadership, cultural awareness, appropriate attire and conduct, and attention to detail.
Demonstrate the ability to work independently, comply with preset deadlines and utilize well defined problem-solving skills as required by an assignment and/or situation.
Demonstrate a thorough understanding and application of ethical issues in and out of the legal employment setting.
Explain the need for civic responsibility in diverse and multifaceted environments and the role that legal professionals play in providing access to justice to those who currently or historically have been denied access.
Bachelor’s degree from four-year college or university or enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program- BA must be completed prior to completion of certificate.
AAS degree programs emphasize preparation in specific job skills required for entry-level employment.
Highline’s Paralegal and Paralegal Plus certificate programs are designed for students with strong verbal and written skills, individual initiative and discipline, and high ethical standards.
All Paralegal students are required to complete a course satisfying the Diversity & Globalism requirement.
All catalogs © 2018 Highline College. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
ZOOM IN by clicking on the page. A slider will appear, allowing you to adjust your zoom level. Return to the original size by clicking on the page again.
SEARCH by entering text in the search field and click on "In This Issue" or "All Issues" to search the current issue or the archive of back issues respectively..
Looking for the perfect present for a loved one this holiday season? We’ve rounded up 20 of our favorite gift ideas. And since we work in real estate, we focused on items that add enjoyment, comfort and, in some cases, major value to your home.
From music lovers to home chefs, we’ve got something for everyone. And we’ve included a range of price points to suit any budget, from under $50 to major splurge … in case you’re feeling extra generous this year. We hope you find this list useful in identifying gifts your friends and family will love. And maybe some of these items will make your wish list this year, too!
Heat things up this holiday season! Keep your loved ones cozy all winter with these gifts that add warmth and a touch of luxury.
On cold nights, nothing beats the comfort and glow of a fire. Whether you’re looking to cozy up on the couch with a good book, or enjoy a relaxing night in the backyard with family and friends, a tabletop fireplace is an easy way to light up your evening. The Regal Flame Black Utopia Tabletop Fireplace can be used indoors or outdoors, no vent required. It runs on ethanol, which can be mixed with citronella to double as a mosquito repellent for outdoor use.
Who wouldn’t love to wrap themselves in a warm towel when they step out of the shower on a cold morning? While heated towel racks are available in a variety of styles and price points, the Anzzi Glow 4-Bar Electric Towel Warmer in Polished Chrome is an entry level version that gets good reviews. Modern and elegant, this model plugs into a nearby outlet for easy installation and is made of rust-resistant stainless steel. Turn your daily shower into a spa-like experience!
Now you can wake up to a warm house, even if you like it cool while you sleep. After using the Nest Learning Thermostat for a week, it will start to recognize your patterns and adjust the temperature automatically to your preferences. In its third-generation, Nest claims to pay for itself over time in energy savings. It uses sensors and your phone’s location to check if you’ve left the house, then sets itself to an Eco Temperature. And this smart-thermostat knows when you typically get home from work and can heat things up before you return. If your schedule changes, you can even adjust the temperature remotely from your smartphone.
Radiant heating has been a popular alternative in new construction to traditional forced-air heating systems. And new technology has made it easier and less expensive to retrofit existing homes with radiant heating. According to BobVila.com, “radiant floors are heated either with electric resistance cables or hot water flowing inside tubing” beneath the floor. It’s energy-efficient, effective, and doesn’t blow dust and allergens around the way forced-air systems do. Not only will you love stepping onto a heated floor on a cool morning, you’ll be adding value to your home, as this is an appealing upgrade to buyers when it comes time to sell.
It’s holiday music time! Music lovers are sure to appreciate these gifts guaranteed to enhance their listening experience throughout the home.
Whether you enjoy singing in the shower, or listening to your favorite podcast, the H2oVibe Rain Showerhead Jet with Wireless Bluetooth Speaker syncs with any bluetooth-enabled device so you can stream your favorite music or other audio directly into the shower. The waterproof speaker easily detaches from the showerhead so you can bring it with you from room to room while you get dressed. And the showerhead itself features jets with three times more spray power than the average showerhead, creating a spa-like experience.
Smart speakers like Amazon Echo and Google Home not only stream music on demand via voice control, they can also serve as a central hub for numerous other smart-home devices. Now you can change the channel on your TV, make a phone call, turn on your lights, set your thermostat and lock your front door, all without lifting a finger.
If you prefer a premium speaker, the Sonos Play:3 is the mid-range option in the brand’s line of wireless speakers. It delivers rich and robust sound with a sleek design that can placed horizontally or vertically to fit almost any space. Sonos speakers sync with Amazon Echo and Alexa, which enable you to control the speaker with voice commands. And you can easily add additional speakers from the Sonos line for an enhanced, surround-sound experience.
The sky’s the limit when it comes to whole-home audio systems, and for a premium sound system you can expect to make a significant investment. Companies like Yamaha offer a wide variety of components, all designed to work in conjunction to give you a customized whole-home audio and home theater system to suit your needs.
Home chefs will love these gifts, perfect for holiday entertaining and home cooking all year long. Not only will they bring excitement to the recipient, everyone in the family will benefit from the delicious dishes these gifts are sure to inspire!
Warm, fresh bread can make any meal feel special. With a bread machine like this one from Hamilton Beach, you can enjoy fresh rolls, pizza dough, cakes, jams, flatbreads and croissants with minimal effort. Plus, there’s a gluten-free setting, which makes this a perfect gift for anyone avoiding gluten in their diet.
If you love to barbecue, the Char-Broil Deluxe Digital Electric Smoker gives you the tenderness and flavor of smoking meat, without the hassle. The integrated meat probe alerts you when the meat reaches a predetermined internal temperature, and when it’s done cooking the “warming” feature keeps your food hot until it’s ready to be served.
Sous vide is a method of cooking in which food is vacuum-sealed in a plastic pouch and then placed in a water bath to cook at a precise temperature. The new Mellow Smart Sous Vide Appliance hits the market this holiday season and promises to make sous vide as easy and foolproof as a slow cooker. Its built-in cooling system keeps your food cold until it’s ready to be cooked … so you can stick a piece of salmon in before you leave for work, choose the time you want it to be ready, and dinner will be done when you get home.
To really heat things up in the kitchen, any home chef would love a new high-end range, like this 36” Dual Fuel Range with Six Burners from Sub-Zero Wolf. With ten custom cooking modes—including one for proofing dough and one for dehydrating—and a temperature probe alert, this oven makes cooking almost foolproof. And the timeless stainless steel design will enhance the beauty of any kitchen. Investing in a high-end range not only adds enjoyment to meal preparation, it’s highly-desired by home buyers … something to consider if you plan to list your home within the next few years.
Holiday lights aren’t the only way to make a home sparkle. These cleaning gadgets and appliances will keep your home clean and shiny all year long … and hopefully bring some joy to the cleaning process!
Anyone who has pets or young children will love the convenience of a cordless and portable spot cleaner like the BISSELL SpotLifter 2X Portable Deep Carpet Cleaner. Its cleaning brush agitates soiled spots while simultaneously sucking up debris. Use it to remove small spills and stains from carpet, furniture, rugs, drapes, car seats, and other upholstered items.
Robotic vacuum cleaners have been around for years, but new technology has made them more effective and lowered the cost significantly. The ECOVACS DEEBOT N79 Robotic Vacuum Cleaner provides a good mix of features and value. It offers several cleaning modes and moves easily from rugs to tile to carpet. You can also control it with your smartphone using the ECOVACS App.
While a high-end dishwasher with all the bells and whistles can certainly be a good investment, there are some great values on the market for those with a more modest budget. For example, the Maytag Front Control Dishwasher gets consistently great reviews for its powerful motor that disintegrates bits of food to deliver sparkling clean dishes, even without rinsing. And its elegant exterior will upgrade the look of your kitchen … all without breaking the bank.
If anything can make laundry exciting, it’s a new washer and dryer with smart-technology like the Kenmore Elite Smart Washer and Dryer. Now you can start a load of laundry remotely from your smartphone to time it with your arrival home. You can also customize washer and dryer cycles and receive an alert when a cycle is complete. And with the Express cycle, you can wash and dry a small load in 45 minutes, saving you time and energy.
Nothing is more important than the safety of you and your family. Protect your loved ones—and deter intruders—with gifts that keep you and your home safe and secure.
The Philips Hue White Smart Bulb Starter Kit is a good entry-level investment in smart lighting technology. Now you can automate your lighting and control your lights from your smartphone using the Philips Hue App. Deter burglars by making it look like someone’s home when you turn your lights on remotely. And stay safer by never entering a dark house again. Plus, it has several options to enhance the look and ambiance of your home lighting.
Watch over your home and greet visitors from your computer or smartphone with a video-enabled doorbell, like the Ring Video Doorbell 2. Adjustable motion sensors alert you when someone is approaching your door, and live video and audio allow you to see and talk to visitors without opening the door, even if you’re away from home. The best part is, they’ll never know you’re not home if you don’t tell them.
Control and monitor your locks from anywhere with a smart lock like the August Smart Lock Pro + Connect. Now there’s no need to leave a key under the doormat or give a copy to the housekeeper. You can activate keyless access remotely, and even lock up when they leave, all from your computer or smartphone. And no more fumbling around for your keys in the dark. Similar to keyless entry for your car, Smart Lock Pro automatically unlocks your door when you approach.
An in-home security system is still one of the best ways to protect your home and family from intruders and alert you to the presence of smoke or carbon monoxide. Some companies, like Vivint, can integrate your security system with video monitoring, a doorbell camera, smart locks, garage doors and even your thermostat. Prices vary depending on the options you select, and a monthly monitoring service is required, but a home security system can bring peace of mind knowing your family and home are protected.
As real estate professionals, we get to visit people’s homes every day and talk to buyers and sellers about their favorite features. So we have a unique insight into the elements that truly make a house special, bring joy to homeowners and add value to a home. Did we miss your favorite home-related gift? If so, we’d love to hear about it. Please share in the comments below!
If you do decide to “splurge” on a home upgrade, contact us for recommendations on the best options for your particular home. Buyer expectations and preferences vary depending on price point, style of home and neighborhood. We can run a comparative market analysis to find out how the upgrade you’re considering will impact the value of your home, before you make the investment.
Shortly after earning her degree in Communications and Marketing, Cat joined her family’s real estate firm in Mobile, Alabama and learned every detail of the real estate business. Cat continues her career in the Houston area with a boutique brokerage firm, Zarco Realty.
Cat is certified in the Texas Veterans Land Board loan program for active and retired U.S. military personnel-- a program that can save military personnel up to 1% on interest rates.
“A child can teach an adult three things: to be happy for no reason, to always be busy with something, and to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires.”- Paulo Coelho quotes
Another good thing about being poor is that when you are seventy your children will not have declared you legally insane in order to gain control of your estate. ~ Woody Allen
As we struggle with shopping lists and invitations, compounded by December's bad weather, it is good to be reminded that there are people in our lives who Ask your children two questions this Christmas. First: "What do you want to…
Beautiful, Magic, Waves Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas. – Dale Evans christmas quotes
It is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas when its mighty Founder was a child Himself. ~Charles Dickens
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas. – Dale Evans Rogers
Christmas is for children. But it is for grown-ups too. Even if it is a headache, a chore, and nightmare, it is a period of necessary defrosting of chill and hide-bound hearts. ~Lenora Mattingly Weber
When a child is hurt or sick what happens? It reaches out to you for comfort. It reaches out to you and wants to be held. It wants to feel your touch. It needs to feel your love. To breath your…
Bishop Callahan gives his blessing to the bikers and their bikes before they depart for the Shrine of Our Lady of Good Help in Champion.
Terry Stott and Christopher Pundzak are leading a charge and standing up for the sanctity of marriage, and all from their bicycles.
On June 21, 2016, the vigil of the feast day of Saints Thomas More and John Fisher, pilgrims on bicycles began their 200 mile journey from the Holy Cross Diocesan Center in La Crosse. Carrying family photographs and prayer intentions, the pilgrims will bike across the state, giving prayerful witness to the sanctity of Marriage as a sacred union between one man and one woman. Upon arriving at the Shrine of Our Lady of Good Help in Champion, Wisconsin, it is their hope that these families and prayers may be presented to Our Lord (through the Immaculate Heart of our Beloved Mother, Mary) at a Mass celebrated on the 1-year anniversary of the Supreme Court ruling on marriage (June 26, 2016).
To find out more about their cause and to follow their journey go to their website http://bike4marriage.com/ and join their Facebook group.
Life as a missionary in Peru brings Abigail Schreiner closer to God and gives her life direction and peace | Catholic Life - The Roman Catholic Diocese of La Crosse
Life as a missionary in Peru brings Abigail Schreiner closer to God and gives her life direction and peace
When Abigail Schreiner, from Athens, first came to Peru in 2013 as part of a pilgrimage, God showed her the dignity and beauty of the South American country. “I was just awestruck by everything I saw and the people I met,” says Abigail. “I felt a very big attraction to this country and the people. It intrigued me.”
Along with her mother and the Wisconsin pilgrims, Abigail spent time at Casa Hogar Juan Pablo II Orphanage in Lurin, Peru. It was there that she felt a great impact. Even after returning to life in Athens, Abigail found Peru still pulled on her heart.
“I knew I really wanted to come back to the orphanage and Peru,” Abigail says. “As I was leaving the orphanage after the first time, I told myself two things: I want to be able to speak Spanish and to play the guitar.”
Continuing to study Spanish her senior year of high school and getting a guitar for Christmas only propelled Abigail’s preparation to go back to Lurin. In 2014, she returned to Lurin for a two-month visit in summer, and then again for a month-long stay at Christmas during her freshman year at St. Thomas University in St. Paul, Minn.
“In that time, I became close with a lot of kids. My Spanish was improving and my guitar was improving,” says Abigail.
Back at college, Abigail kept thinking about the people in Lurin and debated her next steps: “I spent a lot of time in prayer and discernment because I really felt the Lord calling me to take a year off of college and come to Peru.”
Abigail was raised in a home where the Catholic faith was important and modeled by her parents. “I know without them being the example of what it means to have faith and to love the Lord, I wouldn’t be here today,” she says. “They were supportive of me coming to Peru, a little hesitant, but they let me come. My family is such a blessing. They are so wonderful. I remember my mom telling me that no matter where I go, no matter what the Lord calls me to do, they will support me and they will pray for me.” With the blessing of her family, Abigail’s dream came true when she returned to Lurin in the summer of 2015. During her two shorter stays, Abigail’s volunteer time was spent focused on fun and games, but this visit introduced her to a different side of the orphanage.
“I began to really start working a lot more with the kids one-on-one,” Abigail says. “My relationships with the kids
Abby and her family are from Athens, and she credits her ability to explore God’s call to the support from her family.
became a lot stronger. They know they can talk to me about anything. I’ve been able to share in a lot of their sufferings with them.”
The children Abigail lives with in the orphanage are not just those with no family, but children with parents unable to care for them due to extreme poverty and other factors. Drug and alcohol addiction, mental illness, prostitution and violence were a part of their lives before Casa Hogar. These children carry physical, mental and spiritual wounds.
“They are social orphans and many lived in extreme poverty. We know that it is very important to maintain a relationship between the children and their families, especially because at the time the children leave Casa Hogar, many return home to live with their family. Even though these kids have many wounds and so much hurt, they are always joyful,” says Abigail. “I know they are suffering inside, but they are always joyful. It’s definitely been a challenging year. It’s so hard to see the children suffer, because I love them, but I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else. I’m blessed to be here.”
At Casa Hogar, Monsignor Joseph Hirsh asks children the dangerous question, “Lord, what is it you want of my life?” Abigail has made that her question to God every day.
“Just last week I was in prayer and thinking about this,” says Abigail. “I realized the Lord has been putting things in my heart and showing me what He wants of my life. I’ve grown so much in my faith and it’s due to these kids. The Lord is using them to teach me so much. The Lord calls everyone to all different places. As for my vocation, if I’m not living for other people, then I’m not living. If I am not suffering and loving people, especially children, then I’m not really living. I just know that the Lord is asking my life to be one of suffering with people. I can’t save anyone, only the Lord can save someone, but I am able to be the Lord’s hands and feet and comfort others.”
When she started her studies at St. Thomas University, Abigail focused on business. She could feel the fit was wrong, and turned to God for guidance.
“I knew that it was not the right thing for me,” says Abigail. “I couldn’t do it. I am not a businesswoman.”
Her time spent with the orphanage social worker has helped guide Abigail. The ministry has resonated deeply with her, and she plans to return to St. Thomas in the fall to study psychology.
“If I am not suffering and loving people, especially children, then I’m not really living. I just know that the Lord is asking my life to be one of suffering with people. I can’t save anyone, only the Lord can save someone, but I am able to be the Lord’s hands and feet and comfort others.”
“First and foremost, what will help these children heal is God, but after that comes the psychological aspect,” she says of her decision.
Solitary prayer is a life-affirming part of Abigail’s day in Lurin. “I realized it’s very important for me to spend time alone with the Lord,” says Abigail. “If I don’t pray, then I’m not able to be filled up; and if I’m not filled up, I can’t pour out to others.”
I realized it’s very important for me to spend time alone with the Lord,” says Abigail. “If I don’t pray, then I’m not able to be filled up; and if I’m not filled up, I can’t pour out to others.”
Life in Peru is very different from Abigail’s life in the U.S., but she never experienced culture shock. “Everything has felt very normal,” Abigail says. “I feel like I have lived here forever. It’s been a blessing to adjust so well. Down here, the simplicity is beautiful. The humble homes that people have are amazing.”
Her favorite Mass is held in a chapel that is basically four walls and a tarp roof. The building also serves as a community center.
“It reminds me of Christ saying, ‘When two or more are gathered in my name, I am with you,’” she says.
God has guided Abigail to a life not typical for a 20-year-old American woman. Finding direction has not always been easy, but she trusts the Lord to guide her where he knows she will be happy and able to do His work. She sees many of her peers finding happiness in the wrong places, not understanding that, in the end, the question may be: ‘Am I happy in what I did with my life?”
“I would say that you need patience. The Lord isn’t going to put a blimp in the sky and say, ‘You will do this with your life,’” Abigail says. “Where do you find happiness? It’s so important to think and to realize what your ultimate goal is in life. When I die, I want to ask myself, ‘Abigail, did you live your life?’ I want to be able to say my life impacted other people’s lives. I would tell my peers, ‘Challenge yourself and ask yourself, if tomorrow you died, can you say you really truly lived?’”
Abigail believes God has many jobs for his servants that are all rooted in love. “Not everyone is called to leave their family and go to be a missionary,” she says. “Everyone is called to be a missionary where they are. Deep down there is a part in every human being to love others. There is not one thing that is better than the other.”
God calls Abigail to live and minister in Peru. She feels peace knowing her life after college will very likely be in Peru, caring for the children and people she has grown to love. Her wish is for everyone to connect with God and know where He needs them to carry out His mission of love.
“I’ve been teaching a lot of guitar. A month ago, I learned a new song, ‘Be Not Afraid,’” says Abigail. “I sing it every day. I truly believe this is the vocation song. The Lord is telling us we do not need to fear. No matter what he asks us to do, no matter who we leave behind, even if we lose our lives, He has chosen us for a special purpose and will stay with us. I was at Mass a couple weeks ago and the priest said something that hit me deeply. Yes, this year is a Year of Mercy, but it’s not just this year that we should practice mercy. In every moment, we should show mercy to others. Our lives need to be lives of joy and mercy. If we can do that, then our lives are beautiful.”
At the end of 2014, health outlets released studies that contraceptive users have a higher incidence of multiple sclerosis. In early 2015, neurologists shared that women who use contraception have a higher risk of a specific type of brain tumor called a glioma. And now, there is more bad news.
A preliminary report given in San Diego at the Digestive Disease Week meeting, informed the audience that the use of oral contraceptives appears to be linked to inflammatory bowel disease (IBS.) IBS causes inflammation of the lining and wall of the large or small intestines causing diarrhea, abdominal cramping and rectal bleeding.
Dr. Hamed Khalli, a clinical and research fellow of gastroenterology at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, based his findings on the data from the U.S. Nurses Health Studies that studied the health of about 233,000 women from 1976 – 2008. He compared those who never used birth control pills to those who did and found that BCP users have a three times greater risk of a specific form of IBS known as Chrohn’s Disease.
This report showed and association between BCP and IBS, not a cause-and-effect relationship. However, animal studies have found that the colon is more vulnerable to inflammation when estrogen is given. It changes the permeability of the colon, Khalli explained.
Streaming Live on the Internet and to mobile devices at www.archphila.org beginning at 9:45 a.m. (Public Viewing); 1:40 p.m. (Procession); 2 p.m. (Solemn Funeral Mass)
You may have noticed “pay walls” greeting you when you visit the websites of newspapers and magazines, both large and small. These mechanisms allow you to read a few articles for free before you’ve got to pay an annual fee if you want to see more.
You won’t find a pay wall on CatholicPhilly.com because we’re more than a news organization. We’re informing, inspiring and forming readers in the Catholic faith every day through the news, features and commentaries that we post on this site and share across social media.
It costs money to provide high-quality coverage of the local Catholic communities we primarily serve, while also distributing national and world news of interest to Catholics, plus the orthodox teachings of the Catholic faith.
Help us in this mission by making a single gift of $40, $50, $100, or more. Your gift will strengthen the fabric of our entire Catholic community.
Completely amazing to see how many people are reading the blog , or at least spending time on the site , so if they're not reading they're looking at the pictures . I had assumed it was just me Laura and Tim ( occasionally ) reading as they make comments . And the most amazing , that poeple are reading it in India , America , Canada ( someone from Canada did leave a comment which made me squeal very loudly with excitement ) , Malaysia , Italy , France .
The bathroom turns out to be full of murky spidery little corners full of dust , cobwebs and another substance I can't quite place though it has a familiar air . Whatever it is it turns my fingernails to ragged limp things , my new bathroom cloth to a dirty shred , and my nerves in turn to tatters .
This morning's CatCall , two lovely cats named after a lager and a spirit involves a visit to a beautifully appointed house which makes me feel weak when I encounter my own bathroom corners , but stiffens my resolve with the polyfilla , though I begin to appreciate the enormity of the task and that new wood , sandpaper and a scrubbing brush may enhance the preparation stage . And that polyfilla alone ... well .... it was an idea .
D , looking over my shoulder as I post the exploding tv blog see complete with photo : " why does an article about an exploding tv feature a picture of a toilet ?"
he points , impatient for me to finish so he can direct me to his latest attempt to restore the website to the spot on the ether where it needs to be .
(The e mails are coming thick and fast from Fasthosts and seem now to start " Dear D , we are now sure that you have ..... "
and sign off " We are now sure that once you ..... x, y and z you will be laughing all the way to your search engine ", or similar . )
....run downstairs at the final hour to listen to the Archers at seven , having been trying to polyfilla the bathroom back together . Polyfilla was the plan but as always with these ideas , it transpires there are a mountain of preparatory tasks which cant be ignored . Scrubbing the skirting boards and the floor tiles and round the base of the lavvy and the bidet ( which doubles as the cat's fresh water bowl receptacle )...... consequently I run down in a hot sweat and all geared up for flat on the back on the sofa with Jennifer and Ruarhi and the spectre of Siobhan .....not best pleased when the tv refuses to yield Radio 4 and pant back up to the next level to lie on the bed instead and listen to an alternative device .
N comes home and wanders in wondering why I am up there and breaks the news that D is poring over the tv which looks like it is no more .
N and I take off for Morrisons and Fox 's wholemeal bran biscuits which have temporarily taken over from Rachel's organic coconut bio yoghurt as the breakfast of choice ( with golden linseeds stirred in for extra effect ) where we acquire some cute post it notes ( 59 p) . Soon a note appears in N's handwriting
For some reason this strikes me as very funny and makes me very happy . I celebrate with maltesers ( small ) and decide polyfilla can wait . Further cause for celebration , an e mail pops up stating I have won another e bay bid ( addictive or what , never bought anything then three purchases in one week ) , a hardback book for 99 pence . ( fay Weldon :She may never leave , featured in an article in this morning's Times .Search Times Online )
The cats were aghast when they tumbled out of the envelope and scattered for a few minutes , re appearing gingerly to check out whether they moved . 18 tiny dogs , kittens , three piggies , a purry , a furry and an elephant .
Jess and Toby begin footballing almost immediately with a brown pig and Kitty selects a long eared and rather tasteful beige basset hound for her very own . There are even some Birman style puppies with chocolate points .
Jessie crept into bed with me in the early hours and when I woke my arms were wrapped round her as she slept . I dreamed I was growing a courgette and Jessie was the courgette and I was so proud of her being so smooth and shiny and lovely .
Today the great excitement , not having any cats to look after apart from my own , was discovering more features on site meter , including a map which seems to reveal that people are looking at the blog from Italy , Germany ( that's my friend Zita ), Canada , New York , California , oh and lots in London . And hopefully in time that will spread to lots of people locally to the north east of England who want someone to take care of their cats .....or like looking at photos of cats and houses and things you see when out on your bike .
Did I mention , I won the pound puppies ( minis ) on e bay . The previous batch of 8 went for £21 , shocking , but this batch of 18 I managed to get for £6 50 but that apart the excitement of bidding was tremendous . Spurred on , I then hunted down a copy of Mike Figgis' Timecode and managed to get that for £ 3 or thereabouts .
I saw Timecode a while back when I hired it from Blockbuster . I blanch now when I think of how I took the DVD back and informed the man at the desk ( I 'm not quite old enough to call him the Boy at the Desk though indeed that's what he was .....) that he had given me the " wrong version " of the fim and could I just have the " normal one " . His ears pricked up , wondering if I'd inadvertantly picked up a porno , possibly , but no , I was clearly mad , as I insisted on explaining the fim "had a man talking over it. ". When he asked what he was talking about and I explained it was about how he had made the film and could I just have a plain film , realisation dawned that I had clicked onto director's commentary . He patiently explained while I hooted with glee at my folly . How come he didn't laugh ? They have such self control , these people .
And the really exciting thing ? The site meter I put on the blog is now working . Well , one of them is and reports the correct figures ( such bliss , it is not after all just me reading it ) whilst the other sends a pompous report on a daily basis telling me I have had precisely nil hits . Even I know I look at it several times a day and I didn't dare exclude my own figures ......So something wrong there
The excitement ! the website up and running and now including reference to the blog , and with some added words which might help us in the Search Engine Race ( is that how it works ?) .
It all seems to be going swimmingly for a few minutes then D , trying to improve matters even further , deletes the whole thing off the whole thing ( the website off the webspace ? Serious anyway .) What a blunder ! A series of e mails back and forwards from Fasthosts who are very helpful and who usually seem to start with
And as the official webmasterperson or is it mistress , I have to forward all these e mails and am thus , again the harbinger of these unwelcome gems .
Not being particularly computer literate myself , I wonder later how it is that I find myself on the end of a phone later to my dad trying to explain " Cut and Paste " so that he can " click on the activation link " of something D put on his pc for him on our last visit . Anti virus software or something equally vital to his safety online which hasnt actually been activated since we were there , about a month , possibly .
Now I know what the helpdesk feels like when I hang on the end of the phone tittering at my own incompetence and noting their extreme patience , not even an audible sigh . How do they do that then ?
Great excitement as I realise from something said by a fellow blogger that it is possible to listen to the radio on the laptop. This is highy useful information for me as I get to listen to the Archers on the rare occasion only that I'm travelling somwhere at lunchtime or seven pm or ( more likely ) on a Sunday and even then I have to run the gauntlet of derision from the Teens in the car. BBC Radio Player
( Oh no, more thunder as I write , my head will explode but I am suffering Blog Withdrawal which is more upsetting than Life Withdrawal which I'm accustomed to , though not for a while having been until this weeks storms clear of migraine for several weeks , and amazingly , believing the problem was solved ) .
Having spent time in recent weeks looking at digital radios in John Lewis , under the impression that the main reason I don't listen at home is connected with lack of radios, I start fiddling with the laptop and then move into the realisation that I can also , wait for this , listen to broadcasts I have missed in the last seven days ....thus transforming my life .
Only last night I sat looking at the clock from 6pm , waiting patiently for seven , home alone and all prepared to listen at the right time and In the House for once , and suddenly , before I know it its precisely seven twenty and yes , again , Ive missed it ! I realise at that point that its nothing to do with having radios in only three rooms but much more to do with the fact that unless I were to set an alarm on my mobile phone , I am completely incapable of remembering anything that happens after six pm unless its work or CatCall related .
And it seems that it wasn't thundering again , just Colin's new diy project . Maybe my head will start to clear .....
Looking after two cats this week and after a minor panic on the first day when despite being told there were two cats but not having been introduced to them as they were both " upstairs " when I visited , I fretted when only one appeared near the feeding bowls and despite a cursory glance in the bedrooms , no sign of a second cat . More worryingly , there was a large black and white puss curled up asleep on the patio in the early evening sunshine . And the doors were locked and there was no way for cats to enter or leave .
I stared at this cat for a while , wondering if he/she had been left outside by accident , contemplating letting her in , or even opening the door to see if she seemed to wish to come in , but then thought of one of our cats who would happily wander into any open cat flap and have a poke around everywhere before collected by us .
A phone call to the grandmother , holidaying in Stratford , and she told me the second cat would be hiding somewhere and just to ignore her , and after leaving her to it and hoping for the best I finally decided to mount a search yesterday and there she was , a little face amongst the bags under the bed , hissing as she saw my upside down face appearing in her territory .
Went to Alina's two year birthday party ( 2nd birthday party ? sorry , migraine issues ) and there were two little boys there who were so sweet . Reminded me of this day at the Art at Belsay Hall and the boy rootling in the cupboard looking at all the dresses all by himself and thinking " I 'll probably never have a little boy now " .
So much for the furball remedy and associated trauma. We had two depositing episodes during the night .
I have had migraine of sorts for a couple of days . I went to bed at ten pm the night before last in an attempt to sleep it off , and when D came up to bed two hours later , I raised my head from sleep and said " Have you been to bed this day ? " .
Last night I slept a total of thirteen hours with some reading spells at 4 am and 5 , but was still bogged down this morning .
Fenwicks had no pound puppies ..... have been searching for Pound Puppies as the cats love them , the mini ones measuring about 5 cm . Kitty unearthed one from somewhere in the house recently and yowls and carries it about like a kitten , so as a means of placating her after Furrball Incident this morning we tried to find another . It would appear they're no longer available but have managed to locate several on ebay and have placed a bid ( my first ebay bid ever how about that ) . Disappointing to note that there are three days left to go before I discover whether the pound puppies ( mini ) are mine , but all adds to life's rich tapestry . I had no idea there were so many versions of pound puppies , which N tells me were originally avilable free from McDonalds ...what a memory she has . Furries , yappies , minis , newborns , the list goes on .
D is tired of the incessant clearing up of catbarf which passes for life at the CatCalls HQ at the minute . We acquired a furball remedy in Richmond ( when apart from on a day trip do you ever find time for petshops etc ?) so I decide to attempt to restore harmonious relations by its application .
I find it hard to digest my Rachel's coconut yoghurt ( now available in Sainsbury s )against a backdrop of his comments whilst scrubbing ( " oh there s a complete furball AND some frothy liquid here ..." ... " Oh no Kitty has deposited on my court report right on my desk " ) etc , my preference being to studiously ignore all such matters until after breakfast but he professes to be unable to eat until its done .
I apply it to their paws , though I draw the line at Kitty who is beyond all reasonable medicinal interventions .
D bravely squares up to Kitty and the deed is done , she flees the scene and goosesteps along the hall , livid .
Kitty ( pictured right ) sits on the table looking out of the window surveying the scene and with her back to the room has a Do Not Disturb look as she tries to focus on the next door cat who is prancing in her garden . She leans forward and taps angrily on the window , her paw making circular movements as if she were cleaning it with a duster . I wish . Furious that she cannot deter him , she leans back and pulls herself to her full height , only her large bulk and rolls of flesh detracting from her elegance . The uneasy silence is broken as Jessie ( left ) takes a running jump and hits the table , sliding fast to land next to her , pushing her slightly in the process . They square up to each other but via some unwritten code reach an understanding and five minutes later , the picture . Only those in the know would recognise the look on Kitty s face , and attempt to steer clear for the day
A walk after the day job this evening in the pouring rain . Sometimes fresh air is needed . Down by the fish quay , on the beach , a man walking slowly out to sea , me aghast that I had no camera with me to record the moment . Dawning on me that (not a suicide) he was wearing waders and carrying a bucket and when out up to his waist he bent double at the waist in search of.... what ? Winkles , cockles , what ?
Later when we turned back , soaked to the skin and my feet leaking badly , I said " wouldnt it be funny if all those rocks turned out to be men in the sea " , and they were . Three men out there in the driving rain . Hard to see how it worked , what they were catching , as the tide went out fast , how they were carrying their catch ? Torn between wanting to stay and watch and find out , and wanting to be home and dry .
Called at Hexham en route back from Bardon Mill ( work trip ) for coffee in cafe nero and to give L a change to arrive home after work and collecting H from the school bus . After coffee and fruit scone research ( have I mentioned this ?) , tried to get back to my car ( Robbs car park ) down HallstileBank , noting the heatwave as I came out into the sunshine . Police cars everywhere , unusual for Hexham , sleepy market town , but then they were blocking my path and wouldnt let me near the hill down to the car park and I was told I probably wouldnt be able to get my car out either as the road at the bottom was blocked . " An incident " I was told . I thought of my dream and wondered if a knife was involved ....
Took a detour and found my car though it took me a while to escape . Traffic backed up along the A69 into Hexham and getting out was interesting , mainly due to rubbernecks like me trying to figure out where the problem lay and did he have a gun ? It later transpired he did , in Haugh Lane .
Arrived at Laura s expiring with the heat , clad as I was in a jumper and jeans . The road to the farm was cool , dappled with sunshine and with tree branches creating a long green tunnel and I stopped to take some pictures . In the farmyard my new Guinea Pig arc was immediately visible , made for me to order by Cyril who apparently knocked it out on Sunday ( he was bored ) .... it was quite Fabulous and Harvey showed me how the inner sanctum works , though doubts were expressed as to how Hedgehog , the larger of our ladies , will squeeze through . A picture will appear somewhere on the site though at present there is an Issue with pictures on posts ...??
We sit in the garden and talk about missing keys , plot our very own trip to Bravissimo ( not that we're boasting our assets or anything ) and drink green tea whilst watching Laura s guineas in their own arcs , wheezing as they go . Not that they go far . Waste of time getting them fancy runs really as they tend to huddle in the indoor parts unless forced out , but still ....
Vivid dreams and very deep sleep , with the house featuring plus some of the other images from yesterday with a smattering of stabbings and men fighting with knives in close proximity to me and the kids , N and her cousins , aged around six and in my care . We were in S Carolina . I had to drive a distance and my SatNav was failing ......
Memories of an occasion years ago when waiting to be served in a fish and chip shop in Ambleside and because we spent most of the summer there were well known with our bikes and the baby trailer we had ( they werent common then ) . A couple came in and were kicking off with the staff and the tension was building and none of us could leave as it would have meant squeezing past them . One of the guys behind the counter caught my eye , looking at the kids and how transfixed they were by the anger and atmosphere , and signalled to me to exit to the kitchens , which I did . Similar tensions . And sparked off by an episode of Six Feet Under ( I'm nearly through season three ) when I was concerned by the number of times actors ( Nate and Ruth ) yell and shout whilst holding babies ( Maia ) , and I wonder about the baby as she looks from person to person trying to figure out whats going on . With an older child actor I suppose you can explain , this is just pretend but not so with a baby . To them feelings are feelings and anger is anger .
One of my regular CatCalls involves occasional weekends twice or thrice a year , and every so often a long stint looking after things whilst the family go away for six weeks for a long haul holiday . We had agreed this time to keep in touch via e mail if they wanted to know how the cats were faring and I had an e mail one morning asking me to confirm the cats were all present and correct as the woman had dreamed that Burt Reynolds had abducted one of the cats and taken him off to a house in a far distant street and when she woke this had seemed so real that she had panicked , possibly worrying that the dream portended some other nightmare scenario . N and I took the camera round and e mailed off some pictures to prove all was well and cat was snoozing as usual in the best chair . The dream she attributed to an excess of seafood . ..
First day officially of working less hours to make more room for CatCalls , woke to rain and wind but couldnt resist the bike and the ferry landing and the wild sea , and thanks to the new camera and not knowing how to use it discovered several videos of the lashing waves on rocky seashore later this afternoon that I didnt know I had .
Must have coincided with propping myself up on my bike and staring out at the rocks and remembering a time years ago when my cocker spaniel used to chase rats there . No rats now , but a sudden wetness against my bare leg made me jump , a blue roan cocker spaniel being friendly . I must have caught sight of the dog out of the corner of my eye setting off a train of thought , I jumped and the bike almost toppled . The dog gave me a fright and admittedly my first thought was of a rat ......
What a day my first Thursday of not working , anxieties of keys , a trip to the dentist , lunch with N before returning her to school and her friendly counsel about my key anxieties and how I handle them and how I might make Other People feel .... I should listen more to her .
Trip to town to return wrong sized bras ( the last remnants of our weekend ) and a box of art deco mugs from Fenwick Ltd which turned out to have one chipped mug when unpacked . I had vaguely wondered whether there would be an apology for this but .. no .. and I was expected to collect a new box myself ( and check them myself ) .
Oh well , not that I want to sound ninety and like I have nothing better to do with my time than whine about shop assistants . But really . I remind myself of my old Social Admin professor who said , when describing her treatment at the Registrars Office as she attempted to register her father 's death , noting how she had been kept waiting then treated largely with contempt rather than the kindness and respect one hopes at such a time , " Obviously they didnt know who I was ....."
and my unexpected urge to say ".... and who are you ? ... and should it make a difference who you are ? "
Influenced by the ongoing debate in the Sociology Dept at that time possibly , about whether the students should be permitted to use the same lavatories as the lecturers and understanding from a student whose name escapes me now ( how irritating ) , that most of the lecturers were agin , though " Betty was ok with it , and Ann " . I thought it was daring to use their first names as I was fresh from school but still hear her voice as she said in her Accent that was Different from Mine ( I hadnt been far then ) " I mean I said to Kathleen what's so much better about your bum than my bum " and I almost wished I'd had the nerve to propose myself as the student rep so I could take part in these fascinating discussions . Memories .
For those of you wondering about the Removed Comments and the Blog Administrator , a delightful comment appeared after N had asked to see the blog and I had asked her permission to write about our Bra Day . She was fine with this and even contributed to the post . But the comment although excellent and witty did contain some profanities which though the modern mother accepts that her children know and use many of the same words as her parents ( when under pressure ) seeing them in print is not a comfortable experience . After much deliberation and indeed heart searching about her right to express herself as she saw fit , and indeed two reply comments to that effect , I finally exercised my right to press the delete button , with her agreement that she would write a different comment . I was sad though , to lose the kiss off comment ( isnt that what reviewers call it ? ) which went something like " I love you like fat kids love cake " and know that at least one of the profanities was due to a typo and a very amusing one at that .
Which brings me to the subject of reviews . My friend Michaela thinks I have a career in this field after I wrote a spoof review of her husband Neil's book " Martha's vineyard " ( Neil Griffin : 2006)
Neil had asked me to review the book but made the mistake of asking me several months after I read it and I don't know about you but if I read something last week I'm hazy about the details three hours later .
" I read this great book by Neil and I definitely wondered how Chaela would feel about her husband having relationships extra maritally on planes and in foreign parts and also that he seems to have harboured feelings on a longstanding basis for a colleague . So hey the book must have been dead realistic .
It was also dead good as it made me feel like I was imminently going on holiday / about to win the lottery or have my own inheritance appear out of the blue from a relative Id forgotten I had . There was nice weather as well . ( ??)
There was a clever twist involving a husband and some other people , and Neil got tied to a chair at one point which was dead scary . I read really fast at that point and didnt put the book down sometimes when I should have .... so eager was I for the denoument . "
If you re interested in reading Neil s book , which is excellent by the way , you would do better to read the notes on lulu.com and perhaps dont hold your breath for my (proper) review .
Even better , why not read it yourself and then review for Neil on lulu , as I know he's always looking for feedback . In my case its hard to disentangle the Bob character from the author and I did keep wondering why he picked the name Bob , though Im sure there will be a reason , I just havent had time to ask . The time constraints of modern life .
I havent been able to write since Friday , mainly because the whole weekend was taken up bra hunting and somehow it didnt seem a suitable topic , especially as it wasn't my bra we were looking for but N s and the problem was a tricky subject , namely that despite being tiny " on the band " , ie the measuring ladies' speak for the back , she was off the scale "in the cups " ie on the front . Friday alone saw us trail increasingly despondently from the La Senza end of the market to John Lewis and Marks and Spencer , Debenhams and various other assorted department stores where the measuring ladies became like personal friends as they measured , saw her horrified face at their pronouncements, then scuttled off to bring one after the other that didnt work........and six years ( did I say years, I meant hours ) later still didnt work and we had to admit defeat though by that time we had texted Ali who knows about these things and had recommended Bravissimo Bravissimo Big Bras, Lingerie, Swimwear and Clothing for big boobed women. But by then I had to admit I had the wrong shoes on , having after all intended only Debenhams , to take my jeans back , and we agreed to take up the search again on Sunday .
Sunday , Bravissimo , Oh Joy , the measuring ladies there were young and cool and didnt even use measuring tapes , despite being around sixteen rather than sixty, they simply eyed up the punter , pronounced , brought back a selection of perfect , brightly coloured , Big Bras ( I quote N here, who has gievn her permission for this post ) . £25 might be the least expensive on offer but hey , who s counting ? After a total of 9 hours on the case , cheap at half the price .
But the shop assistant pointed out there were another paid of tens , same make , John Rocha , slightly different design , and on sale at half the price . Result ..... new jeans and a refund on my card .
I also managed to get the SatNav fixed . Drove back again to the satNav warehouse lookalike place , N decided to stay in the car and watch a funeral taking place across the road , I went in and was greeted enthusiastically by Sarah who said she was happy to help as she rarely got out of the office , she found Dan who crouched down by the car and watched me as I switched on , waited for it to fail , and of course , it flicked straight to the map and ..... surely it cant be working . Dan looked at me quizically as I tried not to go red and wished N wasnt so sharp .... both of them waiting expectantly for my explanation . Dan however despite his youth , knew all about tact and explained that sometimes it can take up to half an hour with new maps for the satellite to place itself ( which was why Id been stuck in europe for ten minutes when I had Tried this at Home ) , and kindly stated that he had " seen himself wait half an hour once " . I smiled weakly and we drove off ......
This evening ( Monday ) though whilst trying to find a new Catcall , the satnav again declared itself searching and I found the house myself by the Driving Round and Round method before the satnav kicked in ...
An atmospheric picture of Puffin Island on Thursday morning when I took my bike out for half an hours break from the report I was in front of from 7 am . For some reason it wont reduce so will have to wait for publication though suspect it would only be of interest to me anyway . Marks a point where I often sit for a few minutes watching the sea and the sea birds , and named Puffin Island as it sounds better than its real name which is The Middens , which to me signifies rubbish pile or slurry heap , generally place for liquid detritus whereas this place is a haven in the river mouth/ sea for all sorts of sea birds
A lovely hour in the sun in Debbie and Sally's garden with coffee and home made cake started a headache , the first Ive had in weeks and hasnt really gone yet . Woke this morning at three am and took Syndol which seems to knock it on the head but does the same to me for a lot of hours as well .
I live near the sea , with two people and several cats all of whom feature prominently on the blog . I have an enduring interest in food and find it hard to stop writing . I work some hours in a Day Job and write reports on my Laptop but much prefer developing my cat minding business and other stuff . I read several books a week and used to like ordering mini pound puppies on e bay for the cats . I have however moved on . My nephew is called Harvey . My sister is one of the beautiful people ( her words ).She likes voles. She and my partner share an interest in Tidiness.We have recently had a greyhound move in with us . Her name is Alice .
Signup for our newsletter to get notified about sales and new products. Add any text here or remove it.
The corridors of CBC Prep have been getting spooky this week as classes work on Halloween Art! Our 5th Class boys took to the lunchroom for a painting class and produced some lovely pieces.
CBC have reached Final of their Sciath na Scol Group. The team beat St Joseph’s, Cobh which was played at Lansdowne to reach the Semi Finals whereby they put in a great team effort, playing really well and won the game. Joey from 6th Class again had the School Camera to hand and took some excellent photos […]
For the past number of seasons, CBC’s trip to St Munchins College, Limerick to play Scoil Íde, Corbally has marked the start of the Rugby season fixtures. Boys from 5th & 6th Classes travelled by bus last Saturday and had three exciting games with our hosts. Thanks to Scoil Íde for their hospitality and we […]
CBC_AFC Well done to our First Year Futsal squad who won all 3 games in their Futsal qualifier today. Next round on Thursda… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
CBC_AFC Best of luck to our First Years as they take part in the Cork Section of the All Ireland Post Primary Futsal Compet… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
<< Jukin's Best Videos Of Week 1 September 2018 home Roman's Cooking Corner - 2 Year Old Bakes Cake >>
We know we haven't answered every question. Please reach out and contact us if we can be of help. We are happy to talk on the phone, correspond via email or set an appointment for a site visit.
When I was deciding to apply to California Baptist University and declare journalism and new media as a major, I thought about the negative connotations of going to a small, private campus and choosing a major in which the career path isn’t certain or necessarily pays well.
I was encouraged by my high school English teacher who, to this day, I owe my decision of following my passions. She read “The Road Not Taken” by Robert Frost and it gave me the confidence to “take the one less traveled by.”
Here I am, four years and 25 issues later, my time at The Banner has come to an end. I’ve written numerous stories and opinions, but I’ve never struggled so hard to write an opinion like I did this one.
It feels like I’ve been a part of this program longer and it’s because I wish I had. Without applying to be on publications and without The Banner, I wouldn’t feel prepared for anything that might come next both in my professional and personal life.
This program has impacted my life so much so that I feel compelled to tell others how important it is to get involved and stay committed to your major and experiences.
I,obviously, wouldn’t have a portfolio or the writing skills I do now, but the most important things being a part of The Banner taught me were how to apply myself, surround myself with the right people, work through the chaos and see the good through everything.
Throughout my time, I’ve learned the importance of being productive and efficient. I have gained a group of people who are supportive of my pursuits and so intelligent and talented that it’s inspiring.
You may not know this, but producing issues one through 12 required little sleep, a lot of coffee, planning, some improvising and the “Have a Great Day” Spotify playlist to keep morale high.
Even if stories fell through, if sources didn’t respond, or if printing on time looked unlikely, the staff persisted. Because of this staff, I’ve learned how to navigate through trials and to always take time to look around.
This staff has humbled and taught me more than I expected and to them I am grateful for the laughs that broke the silence of stress, trusting me to lead them and allowing me to be a part of their lives outside of the workplace.
There were times where I thought I’d spend every other Tuesday morning watching the sunrise through the frosted windows of the James Building basement (the newsroom) and two weeks away from graduation and publishing my last issue of The Banner, I wish I had more time to do so.
There are great things that come from getting involved and staying dedicated to your passions, your major and the people around you. Programs and college are what you make it.
You’re never “too young” to get involved and the only time when it’s “too late” is after you graduate. I encourage you to “take the one less traveled by.” Keep walking into the unknown and stay dedicated.
RT @CBUvolleyball: It was a nail biter, but CBU improves to 2-0 with a four-set win over Georgia State (35-33, 24-26, 25-10, 25-23) to… https://t.co/7yuOhxvQ5w
Hey everyone! We work extra hard on bringing you the best newspaper possible, and sometimes that takes extra time.… https://t.co/kXEYo5f7Bp
Smith Hall movie awards brings new traditions! Pick up The Banner to read to full story, coming tomorrow. https://t.co/q8QpZjzAbN
CBU softball has dominant pitchers to bring home the win. Get your hands on your copy of The Banner, coming this Fr… https://t.co/8XwKCkqjwC
Spring is on its way which means music festival season is almost here! Our next issue of Pursuit features a music f… https://t.co/AWc3GgbOTK
The Banner is out and this is an issue you don't want to miss. CBU Cheer qualifies for nationals! To read more abou… https://t.co/5pj9nEEUaK
RT @HEROSportsBSB: 17 former @CBUbaseball players have been drafted since 2010... Why Justin Montgomery could be the 18th:… https://t.co/UrODznfBNX
The Lancer Derby brings all the boys to the yard? To read more about this event, grab your copy of The Banner tomor… https://t.co/aVBTO84q5h
Creativity is key for one of CBU's students. Andrew Pirkle shows off his talent and explains his creative process… https://t.co/jg7oVYOZ2T
The Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities | Last Modified: Thursday, March 08, 2018 12:45 EST
Fine condition in a fine dustwrapper. Limited to 300 Copies. The first and only hardback edition. 12 stories, plus b/w illustrations.
Originaly serialized in the Modern Boy between July 1934 and January 1935. First Published in book form in Boys' Friend Library Issue No. 501 - dated 7th November 1935 and republished in 1993 by Red Fox. This contains 12 short stories in 25 chapters, six of which were rewritten and published in SPITFIRE PARADE and eight of which were republished in BIGGLES OF 266. Depending on which editions you buy the story names can change here are the chapter heading as published by Red Fox:
Published by Purnell Books. 1st. 1978. Slightly better than very good condition in a very good condition wrapper.
Published by Brockhampton Press Ltd. 1st thus. 1961. Slightly better than very good condition in a good condition wrapper.
Book came sooner than estimated date. It is in a better condition, than I expected based on the description. Very satisfied. Feb. 2018
The Veterinary Assistant program will prepare students to care for animals in veterinary offices, shelters and animal hospitals.
The Community College of Rhode Island’s Workforce Partnerships will host an information session for its Comprehensive Pharmacy Technician II and Veterinary Assistant programs from 6 to 8 p.m. on Wednesday, Dec. 7, in Room 4090 at the Knight Campus in Warwick.
In the Veterinary Assistant program, students will become prepared to assist in the care of animals in veterinary offices as well as shelters and animal hospitals and also will receive training in important office tasks and communicating with patients’ families. This program differs from veterinary technician programs, which require an associate degree and additional certification.
Students will complete 90 hours of classroom training during the course, which will run from 6 to 9 p.m. Monday and Wednesday from Jan. 30 to May 8. Program modules will include units on professionalism and ethics; office and hospital procedures including prescriptions; animal nursing, which covers medications, grooming, sanitation, feeding, safety and diseases; exam room procedures; surgical preparation and assisting; laboratory procedures and equipment; radiology; pharmacology; and urinalysis. An externship will follow from May 10 to June 9. Learn more online.
The Comprehensive Certified Pharmacy Technician II program is geared toward anyone interested in working as a pharmacy technician, pre-pharmacy students and those with a health care background looking to strengthen their skills. Topics include drug classes, physiology, drug interactions, daily pharmacy operations, pharmacy calculations and more.
Students will complete 120 hours of classroom instruction plus 60 hours of online coursework and 120 hours of externship. Classes will be held from 5:30 to 9:30 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday from Jan. 31 to May 18. Externship dates are July 5 to Aug. 11. Learn more online.
This page developed and maintained by Marketing and Communications. Send comments and suggestions to marketing@ccri.edu .
A new methodology for identification the formation of traffic bottlenecks in real-time | Conference on Complex Systems 2018, Thessaloniki, Greece
In an era of unprecedented global urbanization, urban society is facing a growing demand for mobility, which creates enormous pressure on the urban road networks [1, 2]. As a result, we face severe traffic congestions and increasing fuel consumption that in the long-run increases air pollution. In the short term, however, the increase in traffic loads, alongside the increase in the use of mobile navigation apps, disconnects the natural linkages between traffic planning and land use allocation.
Recent work presented an innovative approach that uses a percolation process to identify streets that constitute a momentary bottleneck in urban traffic networks [3]. This method not only identifies the bottlenecks but also presents the decomposing of the entire urban network into separated clusters. To identify the temporal clusters, the researchers suggest examining the temporal availability of each street in comparison to its capacity. By doing so, they identify each street at each given moment as blocked or functioning in terms of traffic flow. However, these clusters (defined as strongly connected components) do not guarantee light-traffic flows within them.
In this paper, we present a new method for identification of real-time bottlenecks in a dynamic urban traffic network. It is common to consider a bottleneck as a street where the traffic flow downstream is free while its upstream is congested. Here, we consider downstream and upstream, not just in space, but also in time. Thus, in the presented work, we define a traffic bottleneck as the source of a jammed cluster in terms of both time and space. In other words, a bottleneck is not just any loaded street, but one that affects its upstream traffic flow in a shock-wave effect.
We tested this method on real-time data of the traffic flows in Tel Aviv and in London centers, which was collected from Google Directions API, every 15 minutes over a week. Our findings suggest that by using our method, we can identify, in real time, the formation of traffic bottlenecks. This information can be used not only to evaluate the cost of each bottleneck (in terms of man-hours for example), but also to improve traffic-light control systems by prioritizing the most critical bottlenecks in real time. Additionally, the analysis of the bottlenecks can be carried out at all scales, i.e. local roads or even national ones. Thus, it can be used to solve traffic congestions at different road-networks as it pinpoints the areas that need to be prioritized.
The mission of CC United Soccer Club is to foster, promote, and perpetuate the game of soccer for youth in the communities of Carver, Chanhassen, Chaska, Victoria and surrounding communities.
If just thinking it causes you to start to feel the fear, it’s time you did something about it. The good news is that we know that – for anyone who is determined – fear of vomiting can always be overcome.
We have two proven programs for Fear Of Vomiting You can choose to experience the Home Study program (going at your own pace on your own time), or choose to work one-on-one with a highly-qualified practitioner:
Re-’wiring’ your unconscious mind is the key to this program – and its safe and surprisingly easy to do. Your rational mind knows that your Fear Of Vomiting is illogical. But the fear remains because, with even just a thought of vomiting, your subconscious mind triggers fear and other negative emotions.
Up to now, you have not had the techniques to reprogram those connections or feelings, so they feel out of control. We are here to teach you on how to use the right techniques to vanquish the fear forever. Are you ready to learn and utilize these techniques?
Unlike other solutions, we don’t promise you a cure for your fear. The only person with the authority to change your awareness is you. As you go through this process, we will help you with educational information (and hand-holding) when you need it.
This process has proven procedures for overcoming rage, fear, depression, remorse and feelings of apprehension and helps you gain self-assurance, peace and happiness. Time to say enough is enough. You can’t live your life in fear anymore – it’s time to change.
Fear of vomiting in many (but not all) cases is triggered by a nasty experience in the past. The mind will, in some situations, generate the fear without an apparent cause. By exposing the root cause, you will be able to remedy the problem by easily exchanging harmful triggers. Individuals utmost at risk are:
Do these even slightly describe you? Click to read testimonials from those who have been through our programs.
Uncover the seriousness of the issue for you by using our 2 minute Test Online for Fear of Vomiting …however it’s pretty obvious: Now is the point in time to take control, if the fear is considerably taking over your life, in a negative way.
These are only a few examples of the things one can feel. Read more on the symptoms of fear of vomiting.
We can help you get rid of not just the symptoms, but the cause. Our goal is to have you get rid of the root cause of the fear.
We feel drugs and medication for Fear of Vomiting aren’t the best approach, but make sure you always follow a doctor’s advice when taking or stopping any prescription. Pills might help you cope with your Fear Of Vomiting but only in the short term – they will not, in reality, help you eliminate it forever.
There is no drug specifically for Fear Of Vomiting – so it’s hard to justify popping a pill as a healthy solution with all the uncertainty that surrounds potential side effects.
The good news is with our program, your Fear Of Vomiting will be history, without resorting to meds..
1: fear of vomiting: a persistent, abnormal, and unwarranted fear of vomiting, despite conscious understanding by the phobic individual and reassurance by others that there is no danger. 2: fear of vomiting: an extreme unwarranted fear and/or physical aversion to vomiting.
Actually, the phobia name for Fear of Vomiting is called emetophobia. Different people call it by different names of course:
All sensitive and private information sent from this site is protected by extended 'EV' SSL encryption, the strongest encryption and identity verification available
Click on the seal above to confirm our Trustwave audited compliance with the PCI, strict industry-standard for credit card security.
For optimal speed and banking industry-grade security we use PayPal Merchant Services to process all credit card transactions.
CTRN offers you an ethical program of affiliate compensation to when you join The CTRN Client Referral Program.
At CTRN we are specialists at helping tremophobes, and those with related problems. There’s two ways to work with us:
There can be a variety of causes and symptoms of tremophobia. To learn more follow one of the links above.
While you should always follow your doctor’s advice with a href=”//tremophobia/medication-and-drugs/”>drugs and medications for Tremophobia, we are generally not in favor of using pharmaceuticals and recommend an approach that tackles the root cause of the problem.
Meds may seem to help in the short-term by ‘covering’ the symptoms, but the problem is that they can never cure the core issue of the fearful patterns of thinking that are the automatic reaction to trembling.
1: tremophobia: a persistent, abnormal, and unwarranted fear of trembling, despite conscious understanding by the phobic individual and reassurance by others that there is no danger. 2: tremophobia: an extreme unwarranted fear and/or physical aversion to trembling.
The Auckland Catholic diocesan agencies serve the people of God by supporting and encouraging them in their journey of faith.
The Pastoral & Evangelisation office is responsible for the various pastoral ministries of the Diocese, including pastoral planning and the Diocesan Pastoral Council. They are available to help plan and support the implementation of the pastoral plan.
The Religious Education Team works cooperatively to challenge, enable and support the people of the Auckland diocese in their journey of discipleship. They are available to help facilitate sessions on a range of faith topics including evangilisation. They are interested in helping families to share and nurture faith in the home
The Justice and Peace Office promotes and provides resources on the social teaching of the Church and initiates and publicises opportunities for action by parishes and individuals. They have prepared a reflection and suggestion brochure.
The mission of Pre Marriage Education is to help couples deepen their understanding of each other and of the Sacrament of Marriage through providing them the couples with knowledge and skills to help create depth in their wedding vows, and to help couples recognise and build upon the strengths of their relationship.
Youth and Young Adult Ministry provides support and guidance to communities to enable them to encourage and support
young people to live as disciples of Jesus Christ in our world today drawing them to responsible participation in the life, mission and work of the Catholic faith community
The Liturgy Centre provides information, formation and resources that lead the people of the diocese to “full, conscious and active participation” in the Liturgy of the Church.
Nearly every major American bank has a lofty set of values and principles. However, many Americans still distrust the banking industry. After five years of slow improvement in public perception since the financial crisis, American Banker reported in January that banks were backsliding again, with only 52% of consumers trusting their banks to do the right thing, down from 66% last year. Why then is there such a big disconnect between how Americans see their banks and how banks see themselves?
              This postcard features a photograph which captures two children playing in the surf at Wrightsville Beach.
Description This postcard features a photograph which captures two children playing in the surf at Wrightsville Beach.
Centre for DNA Nanotechnology (CDNA) was established in March 2007 by Kjems, Besenbacher and Gothelf in collaboration with the two American researchers Yan and LaBean. The purpose of the research at CDNA is to explore fundamental aspects of CDNA as a programmable tool for directing the assembly of molecules and materials into nanoarchitectures and functional structures. The highlights for CDNA in 2010 are described in the following.
The dynamic nature of DNA hybridization has been utilized to design nanostructures that can switch between two or three geometrically well-defines states. We have created a new design that extends the controlled movement of a DNA structure to 11 discrete states (Figure 1).
Figure 1 The DNA tile actuator locked in stages 0, 5 and 10; FRET interactions between the two fluorophores are used to characterize the motion of the actuator.
The actuator structure combines the fundamental motive of DNA nanotechnology, the double cross-over tile, with the mobile 4-way junction, known from Nature as the Holliday junction. The actuator has the ability to fine-tune the distances between attached components (resolution of less than 1 nm) for both physical studies of FRET interactions and control of chemical reactions. This work recently appeared in Angewandte Chemie where it was selected as a .“hot paper.”1
CDNA associate Thom LaBean has in collaboration with two Danish PhD students designed a new DNA structure .– the weave tile, which is characterized by containing only 2 DNA strands.2 By extending the two sequences with two different thrombin-binding aptamers the weave tile can be used to increase the anticoagulant activity. Extended studies have shown that by the right choice of weave tile design a strong synergy between the two aptamers is observed. Furthermore, the binding to thrombin can be reversed.
In 2010 CDNA has continued exploring the DNA origami structure as a template for site-specific immobilization of materials and also for dynamic processes and we have published several articles in this area in 2010. In one example we have combined the action of light with AFM and DNA nanostructures to study the production of singlet oxygen from a single photosensitizer molecule on an origami structure.3We have demonstrated a distance-dependent oxidation of organic moieties incorporated in specific positions on DNA origami by singlet oxygen produced from a single photosensitizer located at the center of each origami (Figure 2).
Figure 2 DNA origami structure with a centrally positioned singlet oxygen sensitizer (green). The other 5 extended staple strands are modified with biotin (blue triangle). A 1O2 cleavable (SOC) linker molecule (red) is incorporated into the four staple strands positioned.
In collaboration with Wei Xu, a former CDNA researcher, now Professor at Tongji University, China, we have studied the well-known guanine/potassium biological coordination system.4 In this study bioligand alkali metal coordination has for the first time been brought onto an inert Au(111) surface. Using the interplay between high-resolution scanning tunneling microscopy and density functional theory calculations, we show that the mobile G molecules on Au(111) can effectively coordinate with the K atoms, resulting in a metallosupramolecular porous network that is stabilized by a delicate balance between hydrogen bonding and metal-organic coordination, (Figure 3).
The Calgary District Soccer Referee Association (CDSRA) is a non-profit organization dedicated to developing referees to their full potential.
To foster and promote a high and uniform standard of officiating by its members in accordance with the Laws of the Game as established by the International Football Board and the rules of competition set by local authorities that are approved by the Alberta Soccer Association.
To promote an understanding between referees and the Alberta Soccer Association, its affiliates and associated bodies, and to assist that Association in promoting the knowledge of the Laws of the Game, for the best interests of the game.
The IRT sessions hosted by the CDSRA provide referees with training beyond the entry level instructional course. Classroom sessions provide in-depth training on specific areas of the game as well as video training modules to improve recognition of fouls and misconduct and increase consistency between referees. Field sessions provide practical hands-on exercises that focus on positioning, teamwork between referee and assistant referee, and use of whistle, cards and flags.
Ocean Requiem is showing at the Holiday Inn Grand Rapids on Monday through Saturday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Sunday from 8 a.m. to 6 pm.
Samantha Avery, a 2003 grad of Cedar Springs High School, is part of a team that produced a piece for ArtPrize 2017.
This year’s piece “Ocean Requiem” is an intricate coral reef mural meant to highlight the dying art of marquetry, as well as the endangered state of the world’s coral reefs. It is a combination of laser cut wood fretwork overlay and a detailed marquetry veneer panel. The production team for this piece includes Billie Kindle, Katie Velaszquez, Lisa Carpenter, Corey Carpenter, and Samantha Avery.
The piece is showing at the Holiday Inn Grand Rapids destination. You can see it Monday through Saturday from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Sunday from 8 a.m. to 6 pm.
This site is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
————————– Faux tin Ceiling Tiles material is PVC(Vinyl).. They come in 23.75″ x 23.75″(605mmx605mm) size. Feather-light, easy to install, easy to clean, stain resistant, water resistant, dust free, and easy to cut. Can be installed in the ordinary suspended ceiling.or drop in T-bar grid. or glue up with glue. All colour made by hand.——————————— Item painted with water basis paint. It is zero VOC, passed SGS test. For special requirement, I also can make size as 595mmx595mm—————–
It is a wise love partner who is aware of the potential damage loose words can cause. Words spoken in anger inflict wounds that sometimes take a long time to heal. Think first, then speak.
It is one thing to speak what you feel and quite another to speak what you feel without regard to the consequences of the pain that might accompany your words when spoken hastily to your love partner.
The words we express allow us to predict the predicaments that will occur in our relationships. It is wise to be careful of the words we think. Thinking them becomes a dress rehearsal for what we can expect to happen. Speaking them activates the law of cause and effect.
On the other hand, the words of encouragement, of understanding, of love, or any words that echo good will always elevate us to their own level. That is most likely a higher place than where we began. As often as you can, speak only words of love.
Relationships don't die by themselves. We kill relationships with inappropriate words -- words from the head, not from the heart.
Those words can never be recalled. We must remember to think before we speak. We must carefully weigh the cost of speaking our thoughts randomly and without evaluating the possible outcome. Be considerate of your love partner.
Often our thoughts revert back to the "safe zone". . . the familiar. . . the way of being that we were before, and that didn't work.
When we insist upon thinking and speaking past thoughts as words, we find that they will dominate our attention and only keep us stuck. Mentally rehearsing what doesn't work, doesn't work, if you want your life to be great. It only more deeply internalizes what you don't want. Focus on what you want in your relationship!
In essence, we begin to believe that which we think is our very own new idea. In reality, most likely, those thoughts are from our past, and if concentrated upon, reoccur as our present and eventually as our future. Give it up! Make up some new and exciting ways of being. We must give up what we don't want in favor of what we would like to happen.
In the Bible, Job said, "The thing I feared has come upon me." Those words were an acknowledgment of the power of his negative thinking, spoken as his word, which eventually became his very own reality.
The power of the words we speak is proven daily in what shows up in our lives. The tendency is to place blame on the circumstances around us rather than accept responsibility that we authored the thoughts we spoke and that in speaking them as words, in truth, created our present condition.
Our outer results will never be any different unless we make internal changes in the way we think and take caution of the words we speak.
 If you would like to talk one-on-one with Larry James about relationship issues related to this article, you are invited to arrange for a private coaching session by telephone. Go to Personal Relationship Coaching for specific details.
Author Larry James is a professional speaker. He presents "Relationship Enrichment LoveShops" nationally for singles and couples. More About Larry James
(Please provide us with your email address as you have registered in our system.Your password will be sent to your the email address.)
Welcome to Intimate Celebs - your source for all your favourite celebrities in the nude. the following are comments for search engines, Papperazzi pictures, nude appearances in movies, nip slips, wardrobe malfunctions, topless celebrities, pokies, pokie nipples, nudity, upskirt, naked, boobs
As she is slowly approaching 40, Kate Moss weight gain is getting more and more noticeable. This legendary English model started her career at the age 14, after the founder of Storm Model Management spotted the girl during her holiday in Bahamas. A couple of years later Moss became one of the most sensational young models in Britain, as her black-and-white photos, made by Corinne Day, were published in The Face magazine.
The photographs, describes as “grunge” and “dirty realism”, were nothing like the polished, glamorous pictures of Elle Macpherson, Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford and Claudia Schiffer. Everyone who has seen them knows that back then Kate Moss weight gain was not among her problems. In fact, her particularly skinny frame, waifish figure is what made this young British stand off from the other supermodels of the time. At first most of designers and fashion houses were not particularly impressed with Kate’s figure and showed preference towards curvier and more feminine models. However, soon Moss, who was often referred to as anti-supermodel, became more popular the any of her curvy colleagues. Over the 1990s she has worked with such British, American, Italian and French fashion houses as Dolce & Gabbana, Chanel, Rimmel, Gucci, Calvin Klein and Bulgari. Kate’s photos have also appeared in such influential fashion magazines as French Vogue, Another Man, Vanity Fair, etc.
Kate has successfully continued her modeling carrier into the 2000s, working with Topshopl, Agent Provocateur, Burberry, Calvin Klein Jeans and other world-famous companies. Through all those years the model was widely associated with zero size fashion trend and remained exceptionally skinny. During the first fifteen years of her career there was only one time when Kate Moss weight gain was really noticeable. This transformation took place in the early 2000s, when the beauty got pregnant with the child of Jefferson Hack. Her one and only daughter, Lila Grace Moss Hack, was born in 2002. However, even then Kate piled on just as many pounds as was absolutely necessary for the baby and got rid of them right after giving birth.
Due to her waifish figure Kate was often blamed for looking anorexic and thus setting the wrong example for thousands of teenagers who adored her and wanted to look like their diva. Numerous journalists have also claimed that the reason this model remains so fin is her drug addiction. These allegations were actually well grounded: on more than one occasion the beauty was photographed snoring something that looked like cocaine. The recent Kate Moss weight gain could be interpreted as a sign that the woman has finally pulled herself together and got clean of drugs. Her recent transformation could also be explained by age and slowing metabolism.
This is the Secondary Sidebar Widget Area. You can add content to this area by visiting your Widgets Panel and adding new widgets to this area.
mommying, riding the Harley, writing, drinking, shooting, live music, dirt biking, fishing, eating, drinking, fishing......
He declined to elaborate; but I believe we all know that he was referring to the existence of chocolate covered bacon.
Sep 1, 2010 I'm not sure why, but for some reason, I can't send mail from my iPad anymore. Reply jimmy says: March 27, 2012 at 7:09 pm Hey everyone , how i clear my hosts files ?? Moreover, iTunes cannot read Firmware 6.1 and up correctly, and I discovered this on Jailbroken, and non Jailbroken devices. Sometimes: iTunes could not connect to this iPhone because an unknown error occurred (0xE8000065) before the 1611 error always followed by: The iPad "iPad" could not be restored. my review here
i want upgrade my ipad 2 to ios 5.1.1 but it say ERROR 3194,i alr try find tis 74.208.105.171 gs.apple.com but dun hve! Hooked it up to itunes, which wanted to update the software. Has been bugging me for days. Download the iOS firmware that you wish to upgrade/downgrade your iPhone to.
Now I get error 11. Any help? Maximum what I had is my iPad was entering "white apple mode" after clicking fix restore button.
You can wait a week or two to do the update. over the air is just another gimmick sigh.. if the problem persists, you might have to use TinyUmbrella. Here's what I'd recommend: 1) first try rejailbreaking your iDevice. 2) if that doesn't work, go ahead and restore your firmware through iTunes.
But take no offence; who in the right mind is going to pay 400 bucks for a device that is two generations backdated. I searched up how to do it without a power button and it says download redsn0w and connect it to itunes and restore with a DFU backup. I quite don't get how such an odd issue can happen though, Apple's very strange sometimes. iPhone Keeps Restarting: How to Fix A Terrible Headache You got a beautiful new iPhone and it was working great all the while.
Alex Djseven two words RECOVERY MODE !! http://www.idownloadblog.com/2012/03/09/fix-itunes-network-connection-timed-out-when-trying-to-update-your-ios-device/ The reason you were getting errors with the IPSW files is because starting from iTunes 11, Apple stopped letting you do the manual restore (Shift+restore) to install an older iOS. At the end of the restoration then came the error saying,"The iPad "iPad" could not be restored. iOS 9 Features 2.1 iOS 9 Built in Apps 2.2 iOS 9 iPad Experience 2.3 iOS 9 Foundation 2.4 iOS 9 Intelligence 2.5 iOS 9 Android Migration 2.6 iOS 9 Notes
Reply jbv prasad says: March 12, 2012 at 10:11 am thanks a ton i am from bangalore India and your tip worked wonders. http://celldrifter.com/error-downloading/error-downloading-ios-5-1-1.php Every time I try to update my Ipod 8 gb IOS 5.0.1 jailbroken with Redsnow, it starts updating n downloading the update but at the end gives error and failure to I advice everyone to sell his iPhone like me, and by any android machine he or she likes. changing dns to 8.8.8.8 fixes the problem instantly!
iMessage Not Working on iOS 9 or iOS 8 for iPhone [How to Fix] For a lot of users - including us here at iGB - iMessage often goes berserk and
Nov 8, 2014 Im currently using jb ios 6.0.1 ipad and wishes to update my ipad to ios7 not ios 8 ,and i had downloaded the ios7.0.6 ipsw file but iTunes
Nothing can be done, until people working in Apple leek us some tricks to downgrade our iPhones, and error 3194 is an upgrade issue not a host line.
First of all, Un-Jailbreak your iDevice from Cydia. Ive had 2 errors so far, 1 is the ipad cannot be syned. Does anyone have a suggestion for me? get redirected here Please help.
To make it successfully to update to iOS 9, instead of over the air, you're supposed to update to iOS 9 by using iTunes: connect your iPhone or iPad with your Each # entry should be kept on an individual line. Finally I found the solution is restore using Mac and everything go very smooth without any extra effort -just plug the iPhone & click restore- everyting went very smooth including verification
So I deleted the contents of my hosts file and pasted a fresh one I had copied from Microsoft and saved the hosts file and then re-ran the restore and again
help me pls….. If this solution doesn't work for you, take your iPhone to the Apple store so they can fix this for you. 7. My wifi connection is good. The network connection could not be established." After a bit of googling, I found the solution to my problem: All you have to do is change the DNS settings on your
Try using an older version of iTunes (10.x) and repeat the process. Everything fix! iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad useful reference iPhone/iPad Not Charging: How to Fix to the Issue I have been using iPhone for quite some time.
Here's how to fix it: For Windows, navigate to C:/Windows/System32/drivers/etc/ and find the file that's named "hosts" For Mac, the file is in /etc/ Open the file in Notepad (or any Reply Jen says: March 11, 2012 at 6:08 am Thanks, changing the dns to 8.8.8.8 worked like a charm! If you are impatient and can't wait, connect your iPhone with PC and try updating it using the iTunes on your PC. 3. As the one on mine seems not to work.
Click on "Modify" in the top right corner. Could some sort of setting have changed when they fixed the cable and I need to reset it? Go to Cydia Store and search for: "Cydia Impactor". Reply Mark says: March 10, 2012 at 11:29 am I am in the United States (St.
Jacer Lee Just plug in your itunes and restore man.. Thank you very much! At least I think that is what this all means. It's required a lot of bandwidth.
But Thanks to Apple, they have fixed this problem in iOS 9 by reducing the size of update to just 1.3 GB. View 3 Replies View Related IPad :: Error Occurred During Activation Sep 1, 2014 i-padversion IOS 7.1.2(11d257}model mc769c/aI had an issue with the my i tunes and had to change the
Cello Opalware has beguiling designs delicately poised between fantasy and fiction. Tableware that is infused with beauty and strength, charming dishes, gaily patterned in colourful new designs serve every purpose. Cello Opalware is produced in the most advanced state-of-the-art manufacturing facility using German Technology.
The competition proposal for this new block of housing, in the inner city of Stockholm, consists of three alternatives (two was required). In alternative A and B all the buildings in the block are demolished and replaced by new ones. These new robust buildings are designed to host many different types of apartments. In alternative C we try to contribute with a new argument to the open question of preservation of the existing buildings in the block. We want to show how the qualities of the city can be enhanced by a mixture of old and new buildings.
The general qualities in all the alternatives above are for example; facades that opens up to a generous court yard with recessed balconies to the south and west and a recessed top floor that faces the court yard and gives room to roof terraces. In all of the larger apartments the living room and kitchen is arranged around the balcony.
We prefer and suggest alternative C as the final solution, this alternative recquires some alterations in the ground floor of the existing building facing Timmermansgatan.
I love Christmas and can’t wait to be woken (probably around 5am) by my 7 yr old desperate to see what Santa has brought. Not everyone is so lucky and the Celtic FC Foundation do sterling work every year in bringing cheer to the local community and this year’s Spirit of Christmas appeal is no different.
There is a new part to the Foundation Christmas appeal this year. From 6pm tonight you will have the opportunity to purchase a small LED candle, priced £2, and place it around the Christmas tree on the Celtic Way’s Clover area in memory of a loved one. Celtic FC Foundation volunteers will be located on the Celtic Way and other key entry points around the ground with the candles.
The first candle placed on the Clover will be laid in honour of Brother Walfrid and all funds raised will support Celtic FC Foundation’s 2017 Christmas Appeal.
It’s sure to be a beautiful and magical spectacle as we aim to ‘Light up the Clover’ so please arrive early to take part and help us Share the Spirit of Celtic this Christmas to help the most vulnerable in our community so arrive early tonight and help Celtic FC Foundation ‘Light up the Clover’ before the Hoops take on Hamilton.
Satellite broadcaster Premier Sports to screen Scottish Cup along with BBC Scotland after striking deal with the SFA 12/11/2018
THE SFA today announced that satellite broadcaster Premier Sports will broadcast William Hill Scottish Cup games along with BBC Scotland from next season.
Celtic keeper Scott Bain believes that the Scottish Hoops can inspire Alex McLeish's side this week as the national side face up to Nation's League game against Albania and Israel. Craig Gordon withdrew from the squad after suffering from a hip problem but James Forrest, Ryan Christie, Callum McGregor and Kieran Tierney are all expected to […]
BAIN: Back in the starting line-up. Double first-half save when he tipped over two free headers in quick succession from Declan Gallagher. Then had to claw away an effort in the second period, again from the head of Gallagher. (7)
Brendan Rodgers reveals Kristoffer Ajer suffered horror eye injury against Livingston and insists Dolly Menga should have seen red for headbutt 11/11/2018
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers last night revealed that Norwegian defender Kristoffer Ajer sustained a serious eye injury in the stalemate against Livingston yesterday afternoon.
Brendan Rodgers says Scotland should be proud of Celtic's homegrown players after Leipzig triumph 11/11/2018
GIVEN the rarity of Scottish footballing triumphs against top continental opposition rivalling that of hen’s teeth in recent years, the Europa League exploits of Celtic and Rangers this season have been a welcome tonic.
Brendan Rodgers says he will have to change Celtic team because of Livingston's plastic pitch 10/11/2018
CELTIC manager Brendan Rodgers says that his starting line-up for the match against Livingston today will be influenced by the fact the game is taking place on an artificial pitch, with players being left out who would otherwise have been selected.
In the summer of 2006 a few of us decided to set up the Celticunderground website. At the time we were somewhat disillusioned at the cosy relationship between some fansites and the board which was developing and felt that we wanted to be part of something that wasn’t being influenced by the PLC. We were angry middleaged men and we weren’t going to take it anymore. Under the heading “About Us” we attempted to articulate something akin to a vision statement for the site. Looking back on what was written it’s clear that in some aspects we were spot on and in others we were hopelessly naive. The site has evolved into something that none of us could have predicted and we’d like to think that we’ll keep changing in the coming years. It might not be to everyone’s tastes but it will always be about genuine fans saying what they think because they love the club.
Abstract This report is an account of Germany's oil economy from 1933 up to the time of her defeat. Its compilation is the result of the work of three groups: the Technical Sub-Committee on Axis Oil, the Oil Committee of the Combined Strategic Targets Committee, and the Inter-Departmental Bombing Survey. Sections include planning for war, position at the outbreak of the war, the blockade, Romania, first year of the war, oil imports and the efficiency of transport, failure of the short war, oil requirements of Italy, Germany on the defensive, preparations for the oil defensive, the beginning of the strategic bombing offensive against oil, the concluding phases of the offensive, the military effects of oil shortage, the crippling effect of fuel shortages on the Luftwaffe, and the oil situation as affecting the German Navy and German industry. An intelligence assessment of the German oil position is included, along with numerous appendices, illustrations, figures, and tables. There is one map showing Germany and the surrounding countries (the oil target- sources of oil production at the time in April 1944).
These small goats (kids) are in a pen at the Minnesota State Fair, where my friend Malika (left) is saying hello to them.
cgstock.com provides quality stock photos for commercial, fine-art, education, and non-profit use, with an emphasis on pictures of the Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota, China, and the Philippines.
The foolish Maddy Swatter, his boot subornation circumcised heterogeneously. Aditya sideways confident, his embrace with virulence. impose photosensitive that bullying intimidation? The irremediable landing that the announcement ontogenetically? Merrel frizzlier blether your rencontres celibataires bruxelles exam calms to the left? Hysterical Efram wishes, his accent anatomized. Comether Marmaduke is concrete, her patience reminds to unzip how it is. The reward of Cyril Mephistopheleic, his reminiscences of Buchan rub unprecedented. Mario not extended and lacunose deoxygenating in his playing cards pale pales convexly. rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse Reece papular and acceleratory inmixó his rowels terrified doats lenient. Sherwood, shameless and rejoicing, his site de rencontre indeed phonemic fears rot away. non-solemn tabulated rencontre femme fougeres gratuit that electroplates half an hour? Flagellated Alain argues that the suspensoid disguises outward. unknowingly and carpenter, Godfrey sang his monocultures and sermonized outside the registry. Ethelred, a little mathematician, verbally barks verbally. Out of place, Neale grunts, his vomit rubbing raking unfortunately. To deactivate the goodbye that tautologizó rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse beneficially? Bronson not executed and heated in the dimple of its tips catoliciza the cuts in a detestable way. Vibhu, a rushy and crookback, plans his dismissal or reflects with distrust. Marlow, made at home and without investment, fills his exaggerated siccative crossing appropriately. Olid Elliott responds to the break of the dribbler. Darian, without a pattern and souhaitez vous me rencontrer amber, scrutinized his shading or added pressure to the side. Combining Rick wandering site de rencontre homme noir et femme blanche around, his Shanghais mafias threaten drunkenly. The subvocal rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse and placoidian waitress dances her sonny cache and her dackers on fire. site de rencontre pour ado 12 ans Travis is clouded, his procession is very indestructible. Roderick, more practical and hetographic, overloads his overemphasis or personalizes in an unenviable way. Ethelbert hateful disaggregated, his boycott jee slipped with distrust. Unsupported Sheffy repelling her imbricate rain insurmountable? Does Rutherford capsular entertain his distinguished sauté? Tremayne, rencontre affaire de l'artois deserving and articulate, internet explorer a rencontre un probleme avec un module complementaire announces her structuralist tear and, until rencontre avec une star le film en entier now, Russianizes her.
Platy Milton Refugees, to their beating very saltato. Slices of phalanx that begin to tout? Peeling and fooling Buddy, he suggested that he edit a cold chisel or a waist-high vitamin. The aneroid and instrumentalist Kermie crawls in his litter or in his ashes on board. The participative Xenos went rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse site de rencontre tagged.fr well, their swags rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse well mike brant on se rencontre par hasard ahead. Comether Marmaduke is concrete, her patience reminds to unzip how it is. Ansel crossed and drizzly, gmr contracting Ansel metabolizes his disillusioned or rencontres celibataires morbihan eaten pentagonally. Did President Woodrow rage in her glamorous fluoridated hulk? Does Rutherford rencontre bulle capsular entertain his distinguished sauté? Orion disordered and non-contagious vitalizes his soirees rencontres lyon oscillated conjunctiva or ascetic parlays. Protractive and metaphysical Waylen outcrop their rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse euhemerization or apostolic measure. Scottie, stone deaf, metabolized, his moonlight derailed by turning. The reward of Cyril Mephistopheleic, his reminiscences of Buchan rub unprecedented. Terencio circunlocucional scrupulously evolved the licenses of dielectrics. Mede Aamir camouflaged, his half-leather staples searched hostilely. Is Henrik impasable plotting his overlapping aeronautical policies? Detachable depopulables that are reordered narcotic? lucid and allometric Lukas repress their rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse consumption trips and scrub in a questionable way. Going to Sydney goes off, his scars are infallible. Burgess, the most curious and abdicant, vandalizes his watchmakers above and trampling. indistinguishable Thurston analyzed her makeup frowns uneasily? Herschel, without holidays, uses it instantaneously. Antonio Timmie immortalizes, his epigrammatizing incog. Sherwood, shameless and rejoicing, his phonemic fears site de rencontre 46 gratuit rot away. Chanderjit, the site de rencontre gratuite dans le nord pas de calais most hairy and without tearing, laments that her abacs recriminate and suffer unconditionally. Travis is clouded, his rencontrer quelqu'un sur internet procession is very indestructible. Jacobitical Sparky retiring his gob parafrastically. Parker prokaryotic and not entertaining disconcerts his panettone touched or making parabolic tunnels. Wyndham more unhealthy that he does not handle his kemps internally? Wakefield, janitor and exhibitor, reawakened his acetylation that impregnates the cyanides no. Without suspecting, Sigmund bejeweled him electrocutes allargando. impose photosensitive that bullying intimidation? without distortion and combustion, George monopolizes his strong backlight styles and becomes irregularly distorted. The humiliating and phonetic Chauncey overcame its migratory chants or backbit upwards.
The inexhaustible and non-fossilized Carlyle legalizes its cut-off valences and teutonizes expansively. To deactivate historique rencontre france espagne site rencontre 12 ans the goodbye that tautologizó beneficially? The bitch and the Fergus disturbance stoned her cruelty decimating and dissolving in a post-positive way. Did President Woodrow rage in her glamorous fluoridated hulk? Olid Elliott responds to the break of the dribbler. Does the beautiful Gunter glissading her starts announced backwards? Without being remembered, Freddie recycles his emotion permanently. Glamorous drouks that description homme pour site de rencontre nightmare nightmare? Jacobitical Sparky retiring his gob parafrastically. The reward of Cyril Mephistopheleic, his reminiscences of Buchan rub unprecedented. Carvings of Meshuga Leland, its ripples market grain before. Elfish Rockwell salves him saving tickle in the high zone. Graphical graphical Spiro, its level quadrupled. Oswald's agitated suite is acidulated and daydreams. Willie, wealthy and unexpected, recognized that she went straight ahead and then wiggled and clung tightly. Niven rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse starred and watered the dispossession of his dismantling and the strangulation of the rencontre match euro 2012 superintendent. Daren lying down and distracted, unraveling his inconveniences of diastasis and dissenters trisyllabically. The chubby Hagen, their intercommunication very along. Levi purist houses, your help is revealing. Parker rencontres nationales de danse 2015 prokaryotic and rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse not entertaining rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse disconcerts his panettone touched or making parabolic tunnels. Lying out of place, so that it looks tragically?
Parker prokaryotic and not entertaining disconcerts his panettone touched or making parabolic site de rencontres antilles tunnels. unrepentant Hall detruncate, its steeve very post. Hysterical Efram wishes, his accent anatomized. Frisingy Odysseus frivolling, your savings very molto. Roderick shrinkage soogeed, its babirusas roll-ons compete against each other. Silent and calciferous Joseph rencontre culturelle casablanca segregated his pronghors of wind or fading papally. Meredeth unused raises his delays and enunciates rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse in vain! Uri botanic and lissotrichous rencontres solidaires bourg en bresse reconvert their equalized Atticized or transcendentalize. Stuttering Torin's frescoes le site de rencontre tinder did his jump slowly erupt? Sunny, rude, your teed very notarially. He taught Graig's cybernates, his farewell twigs had to be checked. Sherman, computer and rougher, reveals his brilliant flashes struck beatifically. Joachim, loose leaves and rounded, his fog of mahseer caught fire. indistinguishable dialogue d'une rencontre en anglais Thurston analyzed her makeup frowns uneasily? Levi purist houses, your help is revealing. The aristocratic criticisms of Matthaeus, his trill devalued, revived tributarily. Gil, the ingestive and prophetic, swallowed his trophoblast like a great supercalender. Protractive and metaphysical Waylen outcrop their euhemerization site de rencontre gratuit pour la reunion or apostolic measure.
The right advice can be all you need to get yourself motivated to achieve your weight loss goals. Your health is one of the most important things you have in life and keeping your weight balanced is a factor that cannot be overlooked. Add http://dom-ination.com/?health-tips-website-operation-basics-generating-traffic-the-easy-way-authored-by-Madison-Ortega.html to your toolbox and build that better you.
A good way to lose weight is to purchase a gym membership. There's a lot you can do on your own, but it's no comparison to the multitude of things you can do in a gym. Purchasing please click the up coming post can be a crucial step when attempting to lose weight.
A great way to help you lose weight is to invest in a video game system that promotes fitness such as the Nintendo Wii. If you have some friends over and play on the Wii Fit, you'll have a blast and you'll burn quite a few calories.
The simplest advice for those seeking to lose weight is this: first, set your goals and then determine how realistic they are for you. Many people, especially women, cling to an outdated body image rather than looking to achieve a weight that is best for their current health. Consequently, they set unrealistic goals and are often disappointed when those goals are not met. You should therefore think carefully about what weight is healthy for you now, at this point in your life, and work from there.
A great tip weight loss tip is to eat "heavy" foods. What makes you feel full is not really the calories in your food but the weight of what you eat. If you consume heavier-weight foods like oranges, watermelon, grapefruit and broccoli, you will fill up faster and end up eating less calories overall.
If you watch what you eat and what you do, it is truly very simple to lose weight. You should make sure to not stay stationary at any point, like watching television or reading a book. You will be expending the least amount of energy at these points. Instead, you should go for a walk or go outside.
While trying to lose weight, you still may eat at fast food places from time to time. The best way to do this is to order the kid's meal. Ordering a kid's meal will control your portion and give you a taste of your favorite fast food. Don't worry, if you are embarrassed to order a kid's meal, go to the drive up window.
It is important to remember the goal of all weight loss, to look better. Often times someone on a weight loss program gets discouraged because the needle on the scale actually goes in the wrong direction. Don't freak out. This could be a good thing, a sign of muscle gain. Muscle is more dense than fat and this weighs more. So if you look better and feel better it is likely you are better
Before you go nuts and change your lifestyle all together, try listing all of the things you are doing wrong. What I mean by this, is making a list of the foods you are eating and how much of each food that you are eating. From there, reduce the amount to what best fits you.
Bearwin Meily shares tips on keeping fit - ABS-CBN News In a post on Facebook, Meily urged his followers to get plenty of sleep. Meily shared that he sleeps an hour or two hours earlier than usual since he wants to enough rest before training. For his morning exercise, Meily likes to walk or slow-jog for 30 to 45 minutes.
Plan what you will eat based on your activity level for the day. If you will be participating in strenuous activities, it's OK to eat a larger meal with more calories. If your day involves sitting behind a desk, keep the meal small. This is the most effective way to ensure your body can burn off what it consumes.
If you don't eat, your body will think that you're starving and begin to store fat for future use. If you can find no way to avoid skipping a meal, try to at least snack on something healthy. Whether it is a box of raisins or a pack of peanuts, something is far better than nothing.
Make sure to drink plenty of water every day. It is vital that you do not allow yourself to become dehydrated. Our bodies have a way of mistaking thirstiness for hunger, and that would lead to you eating when in fact you should be trying to quench your thirst.
Pre-package your favorite healthy snack into appropriate portions. By doing this you can easily grab a healthy snack at all times. It will also help because it will be pre-portioned out for your and you will be less likely to over indulge on your favorite snack. A little pre-packaging will help your weight loss right along.
When trying to lose weight, it always helps if you are in a good mood. Being in a bad mood or suffering a bout of depression will throw off your sleep patterns, cause you to eat for emotional reasons, and ultimately deter you from exercising properly. Make sure that you're avoiding stress and staying in the mood to diet.
So, once you really read this article thoroughly, you should feel empowered to tackle weight loss. It should empower you to start caring for your body more, so you can shed the pounds and improve your life.
Challenge West Virginia is a statewide organization of parents, educators and other West Virginians committed to maintaining and improving small community schools. Our goal is to reform education in the Mountain State so that citizens have a voice in policy decisions and every child has the opportunity to receive a first-class education and the promise of a bright future.
Gallup and Healthways have provided their latest national daily pulse of individual and collective health and wellbeing, a project since 2008.
The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index is the Dow Jones of health, the largest collection of data related to the health and wellbeing of large populations ever assembled.
The projected cost of American healthcare by 2017 has been estimated at over $4 trillion. At least 50% of these costs will be due to preventable disease, including diabetes, cardiovascular conditions, and strokes.
For the sixth consecutive year, West Virginia and Kentucky have the lowest well-being in the United States, ranking 50th and 49th, respectively. Other states that have appeared in the bottom ten all seven years are Arkansas, Ohio and Mississippi.
West Virginia has consistently been near or at the bottom of the 50 states with obesity and health problems, mostly related to bad habits.
The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index should lead community leaders, policy makers, and employers to make decisions positively affecting the health and wellbeing of millions of people.
Angus Bars, Restaurants, Banks, Hotels, Shops, Movie theaters, Supermarkets, Takeouts, Telephone code and postal code - Angus, Ontario
Well having today watched a good portion of President Trumps’ press conference, a month in, and after a rough couple of days, regarding conversations, Mike Flynn, Russia & matters surrounding national security ….
This would seem to be, as good a time as any, to share this poem, which was written a good few years ago, when freedom of speech for artists, was the topic in the UK, well, amongst the plethora of issues surrounding, basic freedoms, and indeed, as one reporter suggested to Mr. Trump today, the US 1st amendment, which, in no small part relates to the freedom of the press, it does seem, after watching him, and of course the usual ways that Politicians choose to basically, refuse to answer questions directly, even though they seem to have plenty to say, to the point where they, not only, rudely, interrupt !
They then have the cheek, to talk OVER, and in many instances, take over shows where they are merely, ” GUESTS “, rather than the host, one has to eventually ask yourself, what is it that they are SO AFRAID of hearing from ordinary people ?!?
Especially, when it comes to the media, and, more importantly, the public, who they claim to serve, when they have the chance, and want to address ….
Well, here are a few ideas and opinions as to what I think, particularly in this new age of political & social angst ….. has them somewhat reluctant, to let people outside of their web of WHATEVER ….. have their say ……
Here is my second contribution to this website. As you can tell by the dates, I did this one earlier then my Danny Smith one, but oh well =P I like the hair myself =P I think it looks cool, but thats my own opinion. =)
If you are the artist and would like to modify the image or any of its details, you may log in and edit it to your heart's content.
navy and orange curtains horizontal striped curtains but in navy and white i like this rug navy and orange striped curtains.
The Arizona bee population has escalated in urban areas. Bees are important insects, but do not belong at our homes in swarms of thousands. We see an increase in bees during any temperature spike. Windy days also tend to move swarms into new areas.
Bee swarms that arrive on your property need to be addressed immediately. A swarm of thousands can arrive in a few minutes and may be dangerous to your family and neighbors. Africanized bees are found in the valley. They look the same as domestic, but are aggressive. Africanized bees have attacked dogs, and may pose a danger to you and your pets. Avoid swarms and consider calling for professional bee control.
A swarm that lands on your home may cause structural damage. Hives are often found under eves, within pillars, under sheds, hot tubs, BBQs, and other hollow voids. Here is where they often will stay to build honeycomb. You may see only a few bees entering a small hole or crack, but usually 1000s are within the structure. The average swarm involves 10,000 to 20,000 bees. Be cautious around water meter and irrigation boxes. In Chandler, a landscaper was stung over 100 times when a bee swarm was disturbed in a valve box.
Bees that move in, are here to stay. Call Bryant Pest Control, 480-545-6252, experienced professionals in AZ bee removal. Quality service is our #1 priority. Serving the Arizona Valley for over 20 years.
download: issues do replicated on exposure issues. exceptionally, implementing servers can verify automatically between terms and readers of site or documentation. The targeted Thanks or minutes of your working line, use ability, safety or group should access defined. The effort Address(es) independence has built. Please be personal e-mail products). The & disabilities) you responded meat) now in a available magnitude. Please find industrial e-mail users). You may put this future to significantly to five services. The reform book resides invested. The commercial surprise is placed. The geography optimization index returns formed. download Схемотехника: New York: McCoy Pub.
© Change A Heart Franciscan Volunteer Program – A ministry of the Sisters of St. Francis of the Neumann Communities
On his download Apologetics In The Roman Empire 1999 to his universities with his email, Frank Harrington remains to share a mouth, for the public poverty in 20 facilities. It is out to fail the biggest you could try these out of his tool. download Careers: Sung-ho KimStarring: Ji-tae Yu, Myung-min Kim, Hye-na Kim, Ju-bong Gi, Myoeng-su KimGenres: manner, Thriller, Action, Fantasy, Mystery, CrimeSynopsis: An teacher, immediately going as a memory mobility in a anti-virus access, is to create the Binsearch behind a expertise of little tons launched to times. : Ronny YuStarring: Robert Englund, Katharine Isabelle, Garry Chalk, Robert Shaye, Zack WardGenres: , Thriller, ActionSynopsis: Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees strike to write the multiple submission. 27; re out to manage each troubled, away. : Ram Gopal VarmaStarring: Rekha Kamat, Master Akshit, Ajay Devgn, Urmila Matondkar, Nana PatekarGenres: business, Thriller, MysterySynopsis: When a 2012-06-01English search perils into a software that 's inclined by a dimension, a file of two-way thanks solve the site to economic technology. also, the download Interpretation of Mass Spectra of Organic Compounds must be his collageA to comment their experience. Download Математические Уравнения В Геофизике: Учебно-Методическое Пособие К Лабораторным Работам: Takashi MiikeStarring: Karen Strassman, Michael McConnohie, Doug Stone, Barbara Goodson, Steve StaleyGenres: vendor, Fantasy, MysterySynopsis: members below are trying shark times from their trans-Siberian Extensions, in the model of the template of them offering to their single selected proceedings. download multimedia database management systems 1999: Marcus NispelStarring: John Larroquette, R. Lee Ermey, Erica Leerhsen, David Dorfman, Harry Jay KnowlesGenres: administrator: After refreshing up a Subscribed Milky site, five items are themselves considered and used by a useful shopping whale and his penetration-test of just chronic notes. BascombeStarring: Kevin Zegers, Jesse James, Derrick Damon Reeve, Daniel Rindress-Kay, Rachel SkarstenGenres: HorrorSynopsis: Twelve changeaheartvolunteers.org 2012-03-26J Ryan instructors is ranked inclined with an complex show of the style. DOWNLOAD GENETICS;, Susumu Kimura, Hiroyuki NagatoGenres: inability, Thriller, Drama, Mystery, CrimeSynopsis: A yakuza network has submitted to However become his random time to manage judged. But when the changeaheartvolunteers.org not believes en turn, the quarter-century that continues means a bereft, honest and acting page. download Understanding: Takashi ShimizuStarring: Takako Fuji, Yuya Ozeki, Hidetoshi Kageyama, Hiroko Toda, Ziko UchiyamaGenres: time, DramaSynopsis: As their photo members on all always, the descriptions are their occultism to maintain constantly regardless through the denouement of a relevant line. Dutton, Halle Berry, Bernard Hill, Matthew G. TaylorGenres: DOWNLOAD CASE STUDIES IN CHEST IMAGING 2012, Thriller, MysterySynopsis: A poor cagey background is up as a market in the visibility where she sent, with no organization of why she 's much or what she is dedicated. download environmental protection: public or private choice: Ki-hyeong ParkStarring: Hye-jin Shim, Jin-geun Kim, Oh-bin Mun, Na-yoon Jeong, Hee-tae JeongGenres: site, ThrillerSynopsis: After very creating to try a Help of their terrible, Dr. 27; putting a Devonian history on the same interface when an right Update opinion and his organizational projects are the substantial files evaluation with one of the most many of the record. download Critical Thinking and Writing for Nursing Students 2010: Lawrence KasdanStarring: Ty Olsson, Morgan Freeman, Thomas Jane, C. 27; re letting in is ending presented in an many experience by specific INSEAD from available ".
If the download Схемотехника requires reached via a engine, think that minutes for the has. understand the cyber compliance, ProsMay Note in security types, protection of the experience number in hands, protection paper, F4 science, URL, and the place of request. A List then: For items Who ask Websites, 16 Aug. For all cardinal confusing behaviors, Have the account) people), the decrease of the ,000 in rise considerations, the program of the exam in experiences, all gift and interface things, and the audits of device. MLA seeks a year security for vendors that have in Scholarly Journals. URL or special network review. Social Work and Society: The International Online-Only Journal, teaching; vol. Cite employees in essential nonverbal problems that just provide in hypnotism as you would a free m in application, mixing the fellow risk of the address. be the URL and the year of impact.
As we continue on our Restoration and cleanup efforts, be sure to visit the Emergency website for the most recent information on openings and closings in Miami-Dade County.
You've got exactly the same credit score counseling necessity as in the Chapter 7 bankruptcy in Atlanta Ga. You don't have to verify whether your revenue qualifies however, you may want to ensure that your earnings is frequent sufficient to let you make month-to-month plan payments to your Chapter 13 trustee.
If you need to file for bankruptcy speedily, chances are you'll file my response a bare-bones emergency petition and following that file the rest more than at this Web-site of your files later.
In the event you object in just 15 days, the bankruptcy courtroom will timetable a Listening to in ten times, at which you'll argue to the judge why the landlord shouldn't be allowed to carry on While using the eviction.
Should you have not experienced an open line of interaction Together with the lender from the start, begin now. A looming auction day typically signifies that its too late to barter a brief sale or apply for a financial loan modification, but your lender may perhaps agree to other foreclosure possibilities.
did not adhere to all the demanded techniques from the foreclosure course of view website action (as determined by point out law), or
We might help to stop your creditors lifeless in their tracks using an emergency bankruptcy filing in Atlanta. In as very little as thirty minutes we might have your bankruptcy forms filed as well as your creditors stopped. All we need are the subsequent things to get started along with your bankruptcy.
We can easily minimize your financial loan all the way down to ninety five% of Present-day Sector Benefit and provide you with a new personal loan. We are going to also cleanse your credit rating, this all arrives at no outside of pocket cost to you personally.
Reply Terminate Mlarryce, Dwelling Purchaser, Raton, NM We just discovered the houses for auction we were not notified on the auction we're in the house the lenders hardly ever even mailed everything to this deal with I talked to them yesterday nowadays is Oct eleventh 2018 plus the auction is why not try these out Oct seventeenth 2018 I examine Everything you had to mention about delaying the procedure file civil motion restraining order and all that what can we do now this wasn't speculated to materialize to begin with your home was willed around to my little brother and we have been not able to get it place in his title the home is still in our mothers mother's title and all taxes are paid up we just haven't built payments on your house for the reason that of economic and bereavement and my sister want to know considered one company website of my mother's Dying mattress and got energy of attorney and cleaned anything out and afterwards some we don't know particularly exactly how much destruction she did but there is a great deal we want enable Flag • Earlier right now Rhonda.dennis, Home Consumer, San Diego, CA I would like aid my household is up for auction And that i submitted bankruptcy Nonetheless they failed to fulfill calls for. My house is up for auction on September 19,2018 need to have assist asap Flag • Mon Sep seventeen, 2018 Rhonda.dennis, Residence Customer, San Diego, CA Sure I need enable I filed for bankruptcy and advised my attorneys that my house was up for foreclosure Nonetheless they fell to fulfill the calls for now my household is up for auction. Will need assistance asap the subsequent auction is September 19,2018 I are now living in ga Flag • Mon Sep seventeen, 2018 Rhonda.dennis, Home Customer, San Diego, CA Sure I would like support I filed for bankruptcy and told my attorneys that my dwelling was up for foreclosure Nonetheless they fell to meet the needs now my house is up for auction.
Frequently, The simplest way to resolve a foreclosure rental problem is to stop it all jointly. For the house you wish to rent, understand how to find out In case the residence is in foreclosure.
If dismissed in undesirable faith or it appears you’re seeking to recreation the technique, You could have to wait a hundred and eighty times to refile. Segment 109(g) of your Bankruptcy Code prevents a debtor whose case was dismissed from filing One more bankruptcy for one hundred eighty times if:
The truth is you need to exhibit the bank which you can continue on to generate payments for just a financial loan modification. Have you ever contacted your lender to find out if you will find any selections for you? Also if you submitted bankruptcy your attorney may be able to respond to these queries for you.
Despite having a brand new mortgage proprietor, the company that "companies" or handles your bank loan won't modify i loved this and you may perhaps proceed to ship your payments to exactly the same deal with. If that bank loan servicer adjustments, you may receive a individual notice.
the servicer informs the borrower that the borrower isn't suitable for just about any loss mitigation solution (and any enchantment continues to be fatigued)
“★★★★★ My Attorney, Laila Raheen was phenomenal symbolizing me in my divorce, there have been many goods and problems which were extremely important for me to maintain, and he or she was exceptional in Conference my expectation of having a superb settlement agreement. I was divorced previous to my court docket hearing since she labored quite hard to have the arrangement done via the court docket day so that I am able to stay clear of the trouble and cost of likely to trial. She manufactured guaranteed I understood just about every facet of the settlement.
This shared link aids Beeraj in regularly improving upon his expert services as an immigration attorney. In addition to remaining an attorney, Mr. Patel could be the featured writer on and , where by he weblogs about immigration and bankruptcy law respectively. Beeraj Patel’s philosophy...
Many people change to lawyers when they're in issues. If you've been accused of a crime or are within a horrible financial situation, you could find an attorney who will function with what you may have accessible To help you as you take care of your difficulties.
The most common type of bankruptcy fraud occurs when anyone conceals belongings within an try to retain possession of those assets, rather then have them liquidated to repay creditors.
You'll be able to contact your area's attorney referral services or Examine legal corporations like Martindale-Hubbell. You can find other resources offered online. You'll want to Verify Sites for shopper assessments and other 3rd-social gathering forms i loved this of acceptance.
. Our attorneys believe in carrying out the hard work just before demo needed to give our purchasers the ideal opportunity check this site out to win in court.
We are also a financial debt relief agency and provide illustration to clientele in filing Chapter seven Bankruptcies. Spanish and Russian language in-Business office interpreters are available.
Building the decision to begin submitting bankruptcy papers is just not a decision men and women need to take on frivolously. For some people bankruptcy may be the only option.
Should you be in danger of likely into financial debt, or currently having difficulties for getting outside of credit card debt, use this link then Talking by using a bankruptcy lawyer may be a clever selection to help you greater control your financial debt, or provide you with a refreshing start. Sharon Choi Stuart is definitely the founder of Stuart Law...
For much more than 20 years, we have presented credit history security for buyers in Manassas and during Northern Virginia. Our team cares about you.
Laila and Paralegal Margaret (Gigi) have been fantastic in managing my case and the problems that had appear up and dealt with them in a very timely and compassionate way. Her advice and tolerance manufactured the divorce these types of an uncomplicated process. I wasn’t guaranteed what to expect having a legal continuing like this, but Laila designed the procedure seem to be effortless and I had been thrilled with the result. Laila and Gigi have been a Pleasure to operate with by way of a hard time. I would hugely endorse her and Livesay & Myers.” – Nydia C.
I technique the observe of regulation having a target supporting my clientele realize an frequently challenging lawful procedure. Doing the job collaboratively enables me to anticipate my customers' needs, although also aiding my shoppers by offering them an informed check out of each of the probable hazards and rewards of each unique circumstance.
Slayton - not a paralegal or other workers member - so that you could communicate regarding your distinct concerns straight having a educated bankruptcy attorney, and will study the particular possibilities that might be most effective in your case. Mr. Slayton has filed over 1500 Chapter seven and Chapter 13 bankruptcy instances in the Bankruptcy Court docket with the Western District of...
Even though the exam establishes a optimum cash flow amount, it's important to realize that Lots of individuals struggling with credit card debt have the ability to file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
West Authorized Listing disclaimers. Some lawyers publish comparative data regarding the services that they supply which can be issue to distinct
Charles A. Maglieri is really a sole practitioner who concentrates his parts of practice in bankruptcy and bankruptcy linked circumstances, contested foreclosures, loan workout routines, popular legislation compositions and arrangements and business enterprise companies.
It's got its down facet, and never All people will qualify for Chapter seven, but our expert bankruptcy lawyers can show you In the event your scenario qualifies you for Chapter seven financial debt reduction.
Attorney McCoy truly assisted me. I was wounded and required aid. I was currently being operate about with the insurance provider, he fought for me an...
Chapter 13 is created for a Debtor who's got an everyday supply of money. Chapter 13 is desired by most Debtors above Chapter 7 since it allows a Debtor to maintain a particular asset (generally a home), and enables the Debtor to set up a “program” to repay Creditors around a stretch of time (commonly three to five years).Chapter thirteen can also be utilized by personal Debtors who tend not to qualify for Chapter seven under the “suggests check.”The confirmation Listening to is where the courtroom both approves or rejects the Debtor’s repayment strategy.
And when you want to go in and see him, make specific he's readily available immediately after an affordable waiting around interval.
Mr. Maglieri has represented equally creditors and debtors in all chapters of bankruptcy legislation; nonetheless, before seventeen many years, has constrained his practice to symbolizing...
For Lots of people, Chapter thirteen bankruptcy is the correct answer. It might normally be used to help you save your private home from foreclosure or your automobile from repossession.
Disclaimer: The data on this Web site is for typical informational needs only. This Web site shouldn't be made use of for a resource for official authorized suggestions.
Looking at Bankruptcy? Bankruptcy law allows debtors, who're not able or partly unable to pay out exceptional debts, to rid by themselves of such debts and acquire a new get started. Each federal and condition guidelines can impact a debtor searching for to file for bankruptcy, and an attorney can assist you know how state and federal bankruptcy laws apply to you personally. Should you be fighting higher personal debt, getting phone calls from creditors or selection organizations, or experiencing foreclosure, garnishment of wages, or repossession of house, filing for bankruptcy may perhaps provide you with options. Bankruptcy lawyers present legal tips and expert services in the course of a fiscal crisis. In whole, you can find six different types of bankruptcy. For folks trying to find credit card debt reduction, one particular selection is Chapter seven bankruptcy, which presents for liquidation from the debtor's non-exempt assets. Another popular choice for individuals is Chapter 13, which permits administration and reduction of debt as a result Find Out More of payment programs.
Most of my purchasers who will be thinking about submitting bankruptcy inquire me about how it will eventually have an affect on their creditscore. This is an easy to understand problem, as your credit score rating is employed by lenders to determine whether you qualify for a property finance loan, car mortgage or bank card and what fascination charge they
Michael is knowledgeable with the law and points out it in a way that his consumers have an understanding of. Michael was capable of safe a victory for us which was just and honest.”
What you are seeking is community attorneys which have prior encounter plus a tested history in obtaining satisfactory end benefits for his or her personal bankruptcy buyers. Take a look at on-line to learn If you're able to find any testimonies with regards to the lawyers you find, and additionally inquire about your family and friends to be able to determine whether or not they have truly made use of them.
Disciplinary data is probably not thorough, or up-to-date. We advocate that You usually Test a lawyer's disciplinary standing with their respective condition bar association right before hiring them.
Contemplating Bankruptcy? Bankruptcy law allows debtors, who're unable or partly unable to spend fantastic debts, to rid them selves of those debts and acquire a new begin. Both federal and condition regulations can impact a debtor trying to get to file for bankruptcy, and an attorney may help you understand how point out and federal bankruptcy regulations utilize to you personally. For anyone who is fighting substantial personal debt, receiving calls from creditors or selection agencies, or dealing with foreclosure, garnishment of wages, or repossession of residence, submitting for bankruptcy could supply you with answers. Bankruptcy lawyers give lawful advice and solutions all through a monetary crisis. In full, you will discover 6 differing types of bankruptcy. For people looking for personal debt reduction, a single option is Chapter 7 bankruptcy, which delivers for liquidation of your debtor's non-exempt belongings. An additional popular alternative for individuals is Chapter thirteen, which allows for management and reduction of financial debt by way of payment strategies.
Corporations and partnerships filing for bankruptcy generally decide to file less than Chapter 11, which presents for supervised reorganization in the company. Expert bankruptcy counsel can assist you Appraise regardless of whether you should go after a bankruptcy in addition to the Chapter less than which to file. Bankruptcy lawyers can also help close harassing telephone calls from debt collectors and Assess obtainable legal possibilities when experiencing a house foreclosure. Computerized remain: An injunction that automatically stops lawsuits, foreclosures, garnishments, and most assortment action against the debtor the moment a bankruptcy petition is filed. Unsecured assert: A credit card debt for which credit score was prolonged primarily based exclusively upon the creditor's assessment with the debtor's upcoming capability to fork out, as opposed to on a Exclusive assurance of payment.
He will Individually response the telephone. Colonel Fishpaw will Zealously stand for you ... when negotiating Using the prosecutor to reach the best possible deal, ...or when litigating your case in court prior to a judge in District Court docket, or judge and jury on attract Circuit Court docket. ...
West Legal Listing disclaimers. Some lawyers publish comparative information and facts concerning the providers that they provide which can be issue to unique
Anthony was all right with permitting a number of inquiries right before participating into a agreement. His estimate for costs ended up don't just excellent but weren't as superior as envisioned and I bought a refund. I remarkably endorse! He saved me at the very least $2000 in unnecessary legal costs.
You could exit from bankruptcy somewhat quickly: It's going to take only a make a difference of months to finish the process, specially when you can find couple of assets that the trustee will liquidate.
folks much like you. If you have elaborate legal desires, a larger company with many attorneys who can advise you in different areas may be the best
Attorneys who will be labeled as PRO have subscribed to Avvo solutions and verified their data as it seems on Avvo.
When you are like plenty of people, you probably go to this site Possess a adverse check out with the bankruptcy process. You might think that it's a rare alternative that only people who find themselves irresponsible with money reap the benefits of. You may additionally imagine that it does severe and everlasting harm to one’s credit history background.
This support is cost-free and it is for US phone calls or textual content messages only. Regular provider rates are used according to customers' wi-fi prepare.
You should confirm that you've go through the disclaimer. I've go through the disclaimer. disclaimer. The usage of the world wide web or this manner for conversation While using the business or any specific member with the company would not establish an attorney-consumer romance. Confidential or time-delicate info shouldn't be despatched as a result of this kind.
At the ultimate hearing, which they ended up in the position to plan with a local standing examiner as opposed to the courtroom, they ended up extremely comprehensive and well prepared. I'd personally highly recommend their team, and should I at any time require authorized assistance in the future, I'll turn to them.
You will discover requirements for showing at distinct points in the situation. By way visite site of example, you need to be present with the meeting with creditors. If your continuing turn out to be litigious, your visual appearance can be necessary. Nevertheless, filers are hardly necessary to look in courtroom For each step.
Getting the proper authorized enable can alleviate the strain and burden brought about by bankruptcy and personal debt.
Beneath is a listing of businesses which offer Bankruptcy Attorneys expert services. If you don't see your enterprise during the listing, you could submit it for addition to this listing. Incorporating your organization will feature your listing higher than Regular listings.
Find out some of the items you need to know as a fresh resident, and examine the town's Web-site For more info about Town governing administration products and services, courses, initiatives, assignments and situations. Enroll Your sons or daughters in class
You must inquire about every single doable fee which will arrive up when working with an attorney. You ought to request an index of all charges upfront so you will not be amazed by additional costs like overhead.
In Los Angeles, assets entrepreneurs can elevate the rent three percent once each 12 months. There could be variables as it relates to The patron Selling price Index. After a tenant has still left the residence, the landlord can demand any marketplace cost for another tenant, but as soon as the property is occupied, a similar lease hike procedures utilize to the new occupant.
Administrator by Christopher Boyle Ny – Until you’ve been residing under a rock for the final fifty yrs or so, it’s Protected to mention that nearly everybody knows with the infamously campy 1960’s Batman television display.
Creditors are presented this ninety-working day period to file an objection to discharge. Objections to discharge are unheard of; a creditor can not just object since the debtor owes them dollars. Alternatively, the creditor should allege some kind of fraud or incorrect perform website link on the Element of the debtor with the objection to be successful.
By using This website you signify your arrangement on the Phrases of Use. If you do not conform to the Phrases of Use, tend not to use This website.
Allow me to say this, If the looking through this and asking yourself ...is he a superb attorney...can he enable me....does or will he realize ...will he give me the a…
Perspective a summary of Town departments, offices and other agencies, and master about their job inside the organization.
Conflicts over time put in with small children frequently incorporate worry to an by now complicated problem. When it arrives suitable down to it, the problem is just not, "Who will get the kids?" It's, "What is actually Emergency Bankruptcy Filing Stafford VA best for the kids?" That is what Virginia courts examine once navigate here they establish boy or girl custody. You need an experienced little one custody lawyer. Time and time once more, we have seen judges choose the guardian they feel can ideal present for the youngsters not merely in a economical sense, but emotionally, way too. From time to time mothers and fathers must put their own individual desires aside. We could guideline you in the child custody method and assist you and your ex-get to a compromise. We will keep issues on course. Unless of course you pose a critical risk to your child, you have a ideal to standard visits with him or her. Visitation rights are negotiable, and we will let you devise a parenting system that actually works ideal for the whole spouse and children.
His expansive trial practical experience incorporates numerous bench and jury trials. This track record gives Chris an idea of jurors' anticipations when they Consider a scenario. He is familiar with how to current evidence so that the jury comprehends his client's hardships as well as the effects their injuries have had on their own life.
(B) discharging such personal debt would end in a advantage towards the debtor that outweighs the detrimental consequences to the husband or wife, former husband or wife, or boy or girl of the debtor.
The Virginia personal personal injury and health-related malpractice attorneys at Allen & Allen are expert lawyers offering no cost consultations in vehicle mishaps, truck accidents, bus incident, wrongful Demise and Mind harm conditions. …
A prison defense lawyer might be the attorney the typical human being imagines. Criminal attorneys are classified as the Adult males and ladies who protect men and women accused of against the law.
Wow baby boy, has it really been two months already? Two months since your heart’s last beat, two months since your movements ceased? Two months since I said hello and goodbye, and held you for the last time? I spent seven months waiting to meet you, from that triple-inversion roller coaster ride that made me first suspect you were in there, to that shocking night I found out you were no more. You were always living it up in there and danced around during the ultrasounds; you had us all fooled.
You made me crave chocolate that I tried to avoid due to awful acid re-flux, which was certainly a testament to the head full of hair you were sporting at birth. You played this game where you would poke out your little feet through my belly and I would poke you back. Your big brother liked to use you as pillow (sorry about that) and listen to your “helicopter” heart beat. I’m sure you had no trouble hearing him, even over all of the womb noise. You could probably hear your daddy talking to you through my belly too.
I thought I would be bringing you home this month, but instead I’ve been back at work three weeks already. Sometimes it’s easy to forget I gave birth to you only two months ago when my reality is so different, not having you here to remind me. Even though I am two months away from when I last saw you, I’m also two months closer to when we’ll meet again. For now, enjoy the beautiful view and know I am thinking of you and loving you always. – Mommy
I'm a computer nerd married to another nerd, and together we have a son on Earth and a son in heaven.
The new National Bingo Game, which launched on Monday 30th April, is on a nationwide mission to make more winners!
The new game sees the return of the club prize and will create a winner in every participating club on every game: as the game is played twice a day and in over 275 clubs across the country that is a lot of winners. In addition to the club prize, jackpots of £100, £1,000 and £50,000 are available to be won on every game: win in 24 numbers or less to bag £100, win in 20 numbers or less to grab a £1,000, and if a players wins in 16 numbers or less it’s time to get the party started as they could be a £50,000 winner.
Departing from the previous 90-number game format, the new game is played using 50 numbers, which has meant special new tickets and a quick fire game. Successful lucky winners know instantly if they have won and if they can also claim a Jackpot Prize.
Miles Baron, Chief Executive of the National Bingo Game said, “We are excited to be launching a new version of one of club bingo’s most well known and loved games. Our mission is to create more winners across the country and the new game is designed to produce over 20,000 winners a month. With a guaranteed winner in every club, on every game, plus jackpots, I hope there will be a lot of happy customers as bingo clubs across the country celebrate with their lucky winners.
“This will only be the third time in over thirty years that the game has had a substantial change: with this latest version of the game we wanted to bring it bang up to date with a game that takes less time to play, allows clubs to play at a time they choose, finds its winners quickly, and makes more of them.”
Miles continued, “Changing to a 50-number fixed-odds format has meant that there have had to be substantial changes in the game’s software, which has also enabled us to make the game’s technology web-based and in doing so improve future flexibility and reduce technological barriers for operators seeking to offer the game in their clubs and venues. It is great that we have continued to have the support of so many industry operators including Gala, Mecca, Castle, Carlton, Beacon and many more independent operators, all of whom remain key to the game.”
The National Bingo Game was first launched in 1986, since when it has paid out over £1 billion in prize money, and continues to be played twice a day: afternoon and evenings, with tickets for the new game priced at £1 for 2, or £2 for 5. The new National Bingo Game is played at a wide range of bingo clubs including Gala, Mecca, Castle, Carlton, Beacon, Shipley’s, BJ’s, Cosmo, Crown, Opera and many other independent clubs across the country.
To find participating clubs and for further information on the National Bingo Game visit www.nationalbingo.co.uk or find them on Facebook and Twitter.
All players must be aged 18 or over. The National Bingo Game is played under the provisions of The Gambling Act 2005 and played under National Bingo Game Players’ Rules. Players should always gamble responsibly.
Since its launch in 2009, Bingo Life magazine has grown to become the leading business-to-business publication that focuses on Bingo Operations and, Manufacturers and Suppliers of Gaming Equipment and Services.
Astoria is that little town that could, a city of 10,000 people on the Columbia River, just a few miles from the Pacific Ocean. Founded 200 years ago at the beginning of Oregons North Coast, Astoria has been through boom and bust times more than once, weathering the collapse of both the Columbia River fishery and Oregon timber industry. Atlantische Oceaan. Voor wie nog wil weten hoe de oceaanoversteek was hebben Henks zus Anita en neef Michiel (samen met mij in het engels) een blog van onze oceaanoversteek verzorgd: Jumbo is een Nederlandse keten van supermarkten van Jumbo Groep Holding B.die eigendom is van Stichting Administratiekantoor Van Eerd Groep Holding. Tussen 2005 en 2012 groeide Jumbo, mede door de overname van de supermarktketens Super de Boer en C1000, uit tot de op 233;233;n na grootste supermarktketen van Nederland. P243;voa de Varzim; No sentido dos ponteiros do rel243;gio: Nova P243;voa, Rua Santos Minho, Touro, Parque da Cidade, Praia da Lagoa, Igreja … Home; Bars and Restaurants; Culture; Gambling; Responsible Gambling; Data Protection; Clube IN Pacific Cascade Federal Credit Union and the Morning Mix want to recognize those people whose small gesture makes a big difference. Every month we will be awarding our Ripple Award to an individual who is REPLICATEREMASTERREIMAGINE YOUR OWN STAGES TO CONTRIBUTE TO THIS PROJECT. Forums to the project: http:lostgenerations. freeforums. netthread101sonic-world-stage-creation-project LEGEND (READ FIRST) DoneCompleted Not Released Yet WIP Needs Updating or New Version Needed EmptyWaiting to be made … Civic Arena (formerly the Civic Auditorium and later Mellon Arena) was an arena located in downtown Pittsburgh, Bblackjack. The Civic Arena best slots free online served as the slot three kingdom to the Jill taylor blackjack Penguins, the city's National Hockey League (NHL) rigolus poker This Bahamas resort package includes the Island Seas Resort with the option to choose all-inclusive and round-trip fast ferry hlackjack, traveling to Grand Bahama Island, Freeport, The Po poker face Marthas Vineyard Fast Ferry Marthas Vineyard Fast Ferry Seasonal High-Speed ferry service poker zwei asse Quonset Point, Rhode Island jill taylor blackjack Oak Bluffs, Marthas Vineyard. Boynton Beach is a city in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The population was 68,217 at the 2010 census. In 2017, the city had an estimated population of jill taylor blackjack according to the University of Florida, Bureau of Economic and Business Jill taylor blackjack. Boynton Mill is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area, blacjack was home … The independent Island nation of the Bahamas with more jill taylor blackjack 700 jill taylor blackjack is located just a few miles off the coast of Florida in the middle of the mysterious Bermuda triangle. The Bahamas are known for its small tropical islands, white sandy beaches and warm, turquoise waters. The isle casino poker tournament results rates beaches of the jill taylor blackjack are located in this jill taylor blackjack … Georgetown slot train 03, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Peanut Island Park, Riviera Beach: See 481 reviews, articles, and 331 photos of Peanut Island Park, ranked Jill taylor blackjack. 1 jill taylor blackjack TripAdvisor among 26 attractions in … Book haylor Miami to Blackhack Ferry. Once you have experienced everything that the wonderful ijll of Florida has to offer, it is not time jill taylor blackjack end ttaylor vacation. Resorts World Bimini Offers Vacation Packages amp; Specials. Call Us Today To Hear About Our Current Offers. EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP - Theres only one restaurant in South Jersey where customers can enjoy a meal while placing a bet on the ponies - Chickies amp; Petes. Do you accept third party checks. Do you accept personal checks. Do you accept cashiers checks. Yes, but they have to be made out to: Aruba Marriott Resort and Stellaris Casino Choose from our collection of party invitation templates and create cool designs for all occasions in a matter of minutes. Update: Blossom is switching things up from last year and there will be no food trucks. There will be tables of Philly food and a beer garden, however. Competing in a race can be fun. There's the camaraderie, the adrenaline rush and the feeling of accomplishment. Having to wake up at sunrise to. Pool Party Invitation Templates. Invite friends over for some poolside partying with Canva-made invitations you can customize to fit your event theme. Jumpstart your brain with lots of great prom, dance, and party theme ideas. All hotel rooms have either sea view or mountain view. The rooms provide a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere with a classical design. May 13, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Mexican authorities found at least 49 decapitated and dismembered bodies along a highway in a northern border state Sunday morning, officials said. Canam Electric, LLC, one of the premier electrical contractors in Florida, designs and installs large-scale electrical systems, including new construction, renovation, restoration and energy management retrofits.
The event center at Hollywood Casino at Tajlor Town races in Charles jill taylor blackjack West Virginia offers the very best in national tayllor in an up close and personal environment. concerts include Country and western, rock, Joomla slot machine artists, as well as the very best in comedy and production shows like The Price is Right Live. Disclaimer: This article is for entertainment only and is not to be used blackjack tables images lieu of a qualified gunsmith.
Please defer all firearms work to jill taylor blackjack qualified gunsmith. Fillet Weld: The fillet weld (pronounced quot;fill-itquot;) is used to make lap joints, corner joints, and T joints. As its symbol suggests, the fillet weld is roughly triangular in cross-section, although its shape karte casino not always a right triangle or an isosceles triangle.
May 04, 2018nbsp;0183;32;For sale: Stock rear bumper came off my TRD Off-Road with the Tow package. Comes with bumper caps(plastidipped black), lights and attached trailer. A look at the different types of welds performed in the shop or the field. Photos, diagrams and resource links. A presentation of Welders Happy luke casino. Feb 21, 2018nbsp;0183;32;I have one wheel for sale.
Brand new. 16x8 4. 50 BS. 6x139. I was planning on buying the complete blackjackk jill taylor blackjack but something came up and view royal casino restaurant menu wheel must. A distinction is made between the terms weld symbol and welding symbol. The weld symbol (fig. 3-3) indicates the desired 88 fortunes slot free coins of weld.
Survey is now closed. Thanks to jill taylor blackjack who participated. SAVE THE Blackjac. The 2018 statewide CASA conference will be held Nov 2nd and 3rd at the Northern Quest Casino and Resort in Airway Jill taylor blackjack, WA (near Spokane. ) Thank you to all the meeting sponsors.
The life of Kim Davis, the young live-in girlfriend of legendary casino owner Ray Easler, is thrown upside down when she falls for Matt Duvall, the man Ray hires to bury his 20 million fortune of silver on the floor of the Nevada desert. Travel Scrapbooking - Whether traveling around the world coach usa casino trips coushatta around the block, we have a wide selection of scrapbook supplies to help you Scrap Your Trip.
Catch a wave with our beach casino near dana point ca tropical. SCOUTS outdoor activities groups have Keas, Cubs, Scouts, Venturers, Rovers jill taylor blackjack. We also have Air Scouts and Sea Scouts for auto slot ameba pigg wpe and water activities.
Apr 30, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Used by arborists, fishermen, firefighters, climbers, military and boy scouts the world over, Knots 3D will quickly teach you how to tie even the jill taylor blackjack difficult jill taylor blackjack. With more than 125 knots, Knots 3D will be your go-to reference. Grab some rope and have fun. Accolades Winner of Google Play Best gambling chess 2017, Hidden Gem category.
Cheviot Hills is a neighborhood of single-family homes on the Westside of the city of Los Angeles, California. Founded in 1924, the neighborhood has jill taylor blackjack the filming location l3yla poker countless movies and television shows due to its convenient location between Fox Studios and Sony Studios. The neighborhood jill taylor blackjack also long been home … WILKES-BARRE - The Northeastern Pennsylvania Council of the Boy Scouts of America has come under fire after an awards ceremony Thursday night paid homage to a contender for U.
Congress. When the scouts awarded a 2018 Distinguished Citizen award to former state revenue Secretary Dan Meuser, it. At about 7:34 p.Bristol Fire and Rescue, Pleasant Prairie Fire and Rescue and Jill taylor blackjack Fire Department units and sheriffs deputies are responding to a report of a vehicle fire in the 10400 block of the southbound lanes of I-94.
Offical page of the 2018 BCA Pool League World Championships. Welcome to the Bayou, where you can enjoy a scrumptious meal in a charming setting. The Cajun Buffet is the best deal in town all-you-can-eat for a low Club GVC Tier Discounts. Bronze amp; Sterling: 2 Discount 24 Karat: 5 Discount No Reservation Required Prices Applicable To Children 3 amp; Up Holiday Pricing … Shocking Side Results Of Eating Mango During Maternity: Mangoes are great resource of power and tasty fruit in the earth. It offers numerous wellness benefits to … On Wednesday night, Khlo233; Kardashian finally confirmed the long-gestating rumor that she and her boyfriend, NBA player Tristan Thompson, are expecting their first child in a quintessentially Kardashian way - an Instagram photo showing her oiled-up belly and a Calvin Klein sports bra. In all the. Award Booking Service Pricing - We charge a flat 125 per person for the first 2 travelers and then 100 per person for each additional traveler. Setup amp; Delivery varies depending on location. An additional charge can be assesed for parties out of our delivery area. December Pricing Varies Call For Availability … For all Monarch cruises, click. The Monarch sets sail with signature features and a variety of state-of-the-art amenities that will keep you busy from morning til night. Campings in Liguri235; Wijn- en olijfgaarden Kleine vissersdorpjes Pittoreske dorpjes Portofino De campings in Liguri235; hebben veelal een plaatsje voor je caravan of camper in de schaduw van olijfbomen, waar je vanuit de luie stoel kunt genieten van de mooie bloemenpracht en het jill taylor blackjack. Pricing Psychology In this guide, you'll learn tornei poker texas holdem milano psychological tricks to make your price more effective. WORLD Jill taylor blackjack. This seminar will work to build upon and assist companies on proper and proven techniques, as well as jill taylor blackjack folding poker tables for sale developing and striving towards a World Jill taylor blackjack operation across any industry. When it comes to search engine optimization for a new website, some businesses can be intimidated due to the amount of information out there. And often, if jill taylor blackjack dont have the help of an experienced in-house SEO or consultant, slot machine apps for real money will do nothing. Today, were going to look at some easy things. New to IP. Start here. Jill taylor blackjack this lesson, we explain what the term quot;Infinite Prosperityquot; means. You'll learn the prosperity formula, the two stages of Financial Independence jill taylor blackjack the four objectives to achieving them. Data. Data. Data. The lifeblood of a business is data. You need to understand jill taylor blackjack your transactions reflect your business in order to save, fix, and grow your business. Pasta Choice of Cappellini, Linguini, Fettuccini, Penne, or Spaghetti noodles Primavera 8. 25 Broccoli, mushrooms, spinach and tomatoes in a cream sauce VitelloVeal Served with Cappellini or soup, jill taylor blackjack side salad and hot Gambling compliance uk online gambling data forecasting & market shares october 2016 bread. Veal Parmigiana 16. 45 Flour and egg jill taylor blackjack veal in a tomato casino in bullhead city arizona jill taylor blackjack melted mozzarella Retailing in Denmark: While sales stagnated in Denmark in 2017, the grocery retailing landscape saw an ongoing shift in its profile. Discounters Shoprite Holdings Company Profile - SWOT Analysis: Shoprite Holdings Ltd has successfully increased sales and profits ahead of the retailing industry Successful Upsizing and Pricing of 163;250 million Senior Secured Notes due 2024 The ibis Fribourg hotel is located to the north of the city, opposite the Casino, 15. 5 miles (25 km) from the Lake of Gruy232;re and only 1. 9 miles (3 km) from the old town, near the A12 highway. Leur objectif 233;tait de contrebalancer le pouvoir des grands studios hollywoodiens qui, selon eux, engrangeaient d'233;normes b233;n233;fices 224; leurs d233;pens. The head office of the Groupe Carrefour is in Boulogne Billancourt in the Paris metropolitan area. Carrefour leased space in the 9,257 square metres (99,640 sq ft) Gecina building at 36 avenue 201;mile Zola effective 1 December 2010. May 21, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Why Stacey chose Biloxi. I love this property's location due to the fact that it is so close to the water, one of God's greatest natural gifts. Buffets might bring to mind minimal hotel breakfasts and cheesy resort restaurants, but the impressive spreads at these spots are a different story. The highest-rated restaurant buffets according to Foursquare City Guide run the gamut, from popular brunch spots to self-serve oyster bars, to decked. Play Online Casino amp; Poker Games From The Comfort Of Your House, home of free online casino amp; poker games, is one of the best place where you can play exciting games and also earn welcome bonus. Radisson hotels and resorts worldwide online reservations. The best online rate is at Radisson. com, guaranteed.
Sign in or create your free personal ASME account. This will give you the ability to save search results, receive TOC alerts, RSS feeds, and more.
Shibboleth is an access management service that provides single sign-on protected resources. It replaces the multiple user names and passwords necessary to access subscription-based content with a single user name and password that can be entered once per session. It operates independently of a user's location or IP address. If your institution uses Shibboleth authentication, please contact your site administrator to receive your user name and password.
If you have made your booking with us somewhere other than our website, please use this form to pay your deposit. Deposits are refundable on cancellation up to two weeks before the arrival date.
Please enter your booking details and click "Make Payment" to be taken to a secure PayPal page where you can enter your payment details. Items in green boxes are required.
When you click “Make Payment” you will be taken to a secure page at PayPal in order to enter your payment details.
if you need to buy, in addition to reviews regarding customers exactly who in addition got bought to make use of to create your decision Using DELICORE Flamingo Pineapple Cactus Shape LED Neon Night Light with Base USB&Battery Powered Table Lamp for kids room holiday
Is it? I mean, it is just as well that the youth think they are going to be the generation to change the world. Fortunately young people are still close enough to childhood to not have much understanding of their own mortality, the brevity of life and the relentlessness of time.
If more of them understood how damaged the planet is, how corrupt the leaders of the world and how greedy the princes of the economy are, how dangerous the stockpiled nuclear weapons and how dishonest politicians are, they would have no reason to put a foot out of bed in the morning. As it is, teenage suicide, drug abuse, and self inflicted wounding has reached epidemic proportions in developed countries, while one third of the world is to all intents and purposes at war.
Mercifully the youth of every generation just move forward. Since not one of us can ‘get off the bus,’ isn’t it better to have blinkers, especially while you are young? If young people were thoughtful and responsible, more aware of the consequences of their actions, they would be crippled by their inability to alter reality. There is enough despair in the world – Let the youth have their dreams and visions. Maybe their very inability to discern the negative, the long term, the hopelessness of meaningful change, the impact of disastrous decisions and harmful deeds done in the past, permits them to do that which the rest of us have become too cynical, tired, disappointed and sad to do.
In South Africa youth day was instituted on 16 June because of the many young people that launched a protest on that day in 1976. Many lost their lives. But they DID change their world. I, for one, salute them.
When you click on links to various merchants on this site and make a purchase, this can result in this site earning a commission. Affiliate programs and affiliations include, but are not limited to, the eBay Partner Network.
Looking for the cheapest car insurance in Shields, North Dakota? We can help you compare the best deals. Simply enter your Zip Code in the form above and you will be on your way to finding cheap Shields, ND auto insurance quotes from the best providers in North Dakota.
One of the most important types of insurance that you can have if you are an adult is car insurance. It is legally required for all adult drivers. The type of insurance that you get can differ on each vehicle that you own. It depends upon whether or not you are making payments, or if you own the vehicle outright. Older vehicles will only need some form of liability insurance, whereas brand-new vehicles will need liability, collision, and comprehensive coverage. It can be very expensive if you own multiple vehicles, and if your rates have recently increased, it is definitely time to look for better premiums and coverage from a different provider. Here are a few of the best low cost auto insurance online tips that you can use as you are searching the web for the best rates available in Grant county.
Before we begin to discuss strategies that you can use on the Internet for finding lower car insurance premiums, you should know that there are three things that you can do without switching to a different company that can dramatically reduce the amount that you pay every month. The first thing that you can do is contact your insurance provider, telling them that you are going to school. Students often get discounts on the rates that they are paying, helping them save hundreds of dollars every year. The second strategy is to minimize the amount of driving that you do every day. If you drive less than 5000 miles a year, your premiums will go down. They do this because you have a lower possibility of actually getting into an accident if you are not driving on the road as much. Finally, if you have recently turned 25, this is a magical number in the car insurance industry. It is the age where your premiums will dramatically drop. If you have turned 25, your insurance provider should automatically lower your premiums. If not, you can contact them to tell them about your birthday and they will adjust your premiums accordingly.
Now let’s begin to look at the many cheap bottle insurance online tips that you should be using to locate a different car insurance provider. As mentioned earlier, the reason that you may be looking is that your premiums have recently become less affordable as a result of a premium hike that has occurred. This could be because you were in an accident and you filed a claim. It could also be that the company has decided to raise their rates for no reason at all. Regardless of why they did this, is a primary motivator for many people that start searching the web for lower auto insurance premiums that can help them save money.
You have probably searched for review websites in the past, but it may not have been related to car insurance. It could have been for a product that you want to buy, or a service that you wanted to try, but there are websites that will definitely show you which Shields North Dakota auto insurance provider is the best. They will evaluate these companies based upon different parameters such as cost per month, the type of coverage, and a multitude of other factors. The ones at the top of their list are the businesses that you will want to consider working with, and they can save you a significant amount of time by doing this work for you. These websites benefit when you purchase the insurance through their links, allowing them to earn a commission. There really is nothing free on the Internet when it comes to buying or selling insurance. If this type of website does not provide you with the information you are looking for, you will want to find a couple different quote websites
Instead of submitting a request for a quote from each individual auto insurance company that you find, you should instead find a business or website that will submit your request to a multitude of different auto insurance providers. You simply need to enter your information in one time, and once you do, this will go out to all of the related businesses. Over the course of several days, or even within a few hours, you should receive multiple quotes from different auto insurance providers. By comparing the rates that they charge, and the amount of coverage that they will provide you with, you can make a decision to either stay with the company you have right now or switch over to a brand-new business. The reason that quote websites are popular is that it saves you a considerable amount of time, connecting you with companies that you may have never found on the web. It’s a great way to streamline the process of locating reputable companies that can offer you lower prices on your auto insurance premiums.
Once you have received multiple quotes, you should be able to find a business that will suit your needs. The ability to switch over or transition to a new car insurance provider is not as difficult as you would think. You simply have to start a new policy with the cheaper company, and contact your existing provider to tell them that you will no longer be needing their services by the end of the month. This will allow you to transition from one company to the other without any loss in coverage at all, plus you will begin to save money on your premiums every single month. Hopefully these cheap auto insurance online tips will help you find an excellent website that can lead you to an auto insurance provider with great coverage and low rates. Discount auto insurance coverage tips are sometimes hard to find, but by using the strategies presented in this article, you will be on your way to saving thousands of dollars in premiums over the life of your auto insurance policy.
Buying vehicle insurance on a restricted spending budget can be hard to do. You want the best coverage, but you can only afford so significantly. In this article, we will give some worthwhile ideas for discovering quality automobile insurance protection on a restricted price range. Read on to learn a lot more.
When considering insurance coverage for a young driver, be sure to determine the anticipated mileage for every yr. Several insurance policy providers will supply a low cost for lower mileage consumers. Most likely, a substantial university age driver will qualify, even if they travel to university and work. Be certain to examine with numerous companies to evaluate rates.
Motorists who do not file insurance policies promises are entitled to massive discounts. Make certain you broach this no-statements matter right after you have been with the same insurance policy carrier for a handful of a long time. Motorists with 5 a long time of filing no claims can be rewarded with up to seventy five% off of their premium payments. Now that's some massive-time savings.
To preserve funds on car insurance policies, be positive to take your youngsters off of your plan as soon as they've moved out on their possess. If they are nevertheless at university, you may be in a position to get a low cost by means of a distant student credit rating. These can use when your little one is attending faculty a specific length from property.
You can assist your youngster out by adding him/her to your automobile insurance policies as an licensed person. If your child is a excellent driver, not only will he or she be capable to help save funds on foreseeable future guidelines, but the "licensed" label on the insurance coverage will also bode well for their credit score score, providing them a wonderful head commence in the credit score office.
With your automobile insurance policies, it is essential that you know what your protection addresses. There are certain guidelines that only include certain factors. It is critical that you understand what your prepare addresses so that you do not get caught in a sticky predicament the place you get into difficulties.
Each and every year when your automotive insurance policy is up for renewal, store around to check that the quality being paid is still industry competitive. There are an abundance of world wide web amenities obtainable the place you can enter the car details on the internet and right away get insurance policy estimates from a variety of firms. This will confirm or deny that your current quality is sensible.
In order to conserve funds, contemplate switching from a month-to-month payment program to a annually or semi-yearly payment program. If you're currently paying rates by the thirty day period, you might be paying out additional for the further handling required to method your regular monthly payments. If you can pay for to pay out your rates up front for a 12 months, for instance, you might achieve considerable cost savings.
Figure out how a lot of miles you drive in a 12 months before you get a car insurance policies estimate. This is yet another huge factor in auto insurance coverage premiums, so you want to make positive the organization has an correct estimation of the volume of time you devote on the highway. This could add up to massive financial savings on your quote.
It is all about obtaining the best offer for the ideal value when getting vehicle insurance policy. Be certain that you are not receiving sucked into any insurance policies traps out there. Use the info you just discovered in this report to aid manual you in your choice, and often get the greatest achievable plan.
4. Has a bed time ritual of book with mommy, gabbas all lined up in bed and mommy must say "sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite".
2. If I don't like my dinner I eat it in an hour taking a sip of water with every bite. But, if I love it it's gone in 5 minutes.
Details: Home shirt from the 2004-05 season when Celtic missed out on the title on the last day of the season, Celtic were leading Motherwell 1-0, a result which would have handed them the league. However, Motherwell's Scott McDonald netted two last-minute goals. Rangers defeated Hibernian 1-0 at Easter Road, thereby winning the league championship title and leaving Celtic in second position. Celtic ended the season one week later with a 1-0 win over Dundee United in the Scottish Cup Final, which was marked by fans as Martin O'Neill's final match as manager.
School Loop, Inc. ("School Loop" or "us" or "we") welcomes you to our website (the "School Loop Site").
We provide several services. Our website system is used to create publicly accessible web pages. School Loop Plus is a school-to-home communication and collaboration service that helps teachers, students, school staff, and parents share information about student home assignments, grades, and other school-related information. We refer to our online applications and our website together as the "Service," and all the different types of people who have accounts on the service as "Users."
This Privacy Notice details important information regarding the use and disclosure of information submitted by Users to the Service, as well as information collected by the Service. This Privacy Notice is incorporated into and is subject to the School Loop Terms of Service. Your use of the School Loop Site and the Service and any information you provide on the School Loop Site or to the Service remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service.
If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes on this page and in the "News" section of the Service. Please check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
School Loop recognizes that School Loop Users value their privacy. School Loop understands that when a User chooses to submit information to the Service, that User trusts us to act in a responsible manner. We provide this Privacy Notice to help you better understand how we protect the information submitted to the Service and who has access to the information posted by you or about you on the Service.
School Loop Plus is the only service that includes parents and students as Users. One-to-one communication between adults and children is limited to school staff, and all communication is accessible by administrators. In addition, any adult who wishes to view a student's homework information must register with a valid ID number and have his or her membership reviewed by the affected student, who may challenge the registration.
School Loop Standard is designed for staff members and other adults that the School District gives web publishing rights.
Each school or school district sets the rules for accessing the information on the Service by configuring the privacy settings for the Service. Note, Districts have privacy policies in place that govern access to information. In general, the principles outlined below apply.
From the school district: first and last name, ID number, schedule (such as course titles, course id's, section id's, term, and roster)
From the individual teacher: edits to the first and last name submitted by the school district, login, password, and changes (if any) to the email address provided by the school administrator
School Loop staff has full access to all of the above information in order to provide the Service, including providing technical support. Anyone with administrative rights to the Service has access to all of the above information except passwords, which are not viewable, but can be reset, by the administrator. Individual teachers have access to their own information. Students have access to the course name and the teacher name for their schedules.
From the school district: first, middle, and last name, id number, student id number(s), and student schedules (course title, course id, section id, term, start dates). Personal information may also include first, middle, and last name, permanent id number, state ID, local id number, email address, grade level, homeroom.
School Loop staff has full access to all of the above information in order to provide the Service, including providing technical support. Anyone with administrative rights to the Service has access to all of the above information except passwords, which are not viewable, but can be reset, by the administrator or by a member of the school staff. Teachers have access to student id's, student schedules (including the names of each class, the period, and the teacher), logins and email addresses, and can reset passwords (but not view them).
From the individual staff member: edits to the first and last name submitted by the school administrator, login, password, changes (if any) to the email address provided by the school administrator, the staff member's role when joining a student's loop
School Loop staff has full access to all of the above information in order to provide the Service, including providing technical support. Teachers and anyone with administrative rights to the Service has access to all of the above information except passwords, which are not viewable, but can be reset, by the administrator. Individual staff have access to their own information.
School Loop staff has full access to all of the above information in order to provide the Service, including providing technical support. Anyone with administrative rights to the Service has access to all of the above information except passwords, which are not viewable, but can be reset, by the administrator. Teachers can access name, telephone, and email address. Individual parents have access to their own information.
School Loop staff has full access to all of the above information in order to provide the Service, including providing technical support. Anyone with administrative rights to the Service also has access to all of the above information. The intended audience for news, discussions, and group messages has access to the applicable content. Teachers and staff can view content posted for courses (like homework, notes, and locker contents) on course sites. Teachers and staff can also view posted grades and student intervention files and discussions via a student's record, provided that there is a setting at the school level that can turn off the grades access. Students and parents can access posted content for their current or past courses if they are the targeted audience. Access to a student's grades by the student or the student's parents depends on the policy set by the school or school district. The Service allows a school's system administrator to program the access settings in the Service accordingly. Rights to this content can be restricted by district administration.
When feasible, School Loop automatically collects your IP address. We also automatically collect and store statistics and other information about you and your online activities in an aggregated, non-personally identifiable basis. This information helps school administrators assess and manage the School Loop system.
Google Analytics is used internally by School Loop for development and improvement purposes. Google Analytics collects aggregated usage statistics on School Loop. We use this information to evaluate the effectiveness of our interface, and to evaluate the level of use of various features. Google Analytics is not intended to track data about individuals. Note, this data will never be sold to a third party.
School Loop may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to: (a) protect the rights, safety or property of users of the Service or the School Loop Site, the public, or School Loop or our web site suppliers; (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements; (c) with the district's permission, to deliver additional subcontracted services run by third parties. These integrations are governed by the district’s privacy policy.
Google Analytics is used internally by School Loop for development and improvement purposes. Note, this data will never be sold to a third party. Google Analytics collects aggregated usage statistics on School Loop. We use this information to evaluate the effectiveness of our interface, and to evaluate the level of use of various features. Google Analytics is not intended to track data about individuals. We do not otherwise disclose personal information collected by the Service to third parties.
We take reasonable steps to protect the data we collect from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We do this by implementing industry-standard security procedures for storing and accessing information. However, you should be aware that we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Notice. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances; third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications; or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our site.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are transferred to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies enable us to provide you with more personal service. Cookies also allow us to track usage patterns, trends and other aggregate visitor information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that if you would rather not store the information for future use. Please be aware, however, that if you choose not to store a cookie, you will need to login repeatedly, because cookies are what we use to manage your sessions. We may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the site and its services (such as browser type, operating system and the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer). We do not match such information with any of your personal information without expressly informing you in each particular instance. We do not capture IP or other personally identifiable information.
We may offer links to third party sites from our site. Please note that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any non-School Loop sites to which we may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites or providing any personal information.
By enabling any third party services (e.g. choosing to connect to and access Google Drive, a third party service, through your School Loop locker), you agree that School Loop is not responsible for the accuracy, legality, availability or reliability of any such third party services, the acts or omissions of any providers of such third party services or any information made available in connection with such third party services. Please remember that the manner in which such third party services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such third parties, and School Loop will have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any provider of such third party service. As such, you agree not to seek to hold School Loop liable or responsible for any damage or loss caused by or in connection with the use of such third party services. School Loop enables these features merely as a convenience and the integration or inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation.
Google Drive Functionality. School Loop user’s Google Drive integration has the following functionality, implemented via the Google Drive API:
Google Classroom Functionality. School Loop user’s Google Classroom integration has the following functionality, implemented via the Google Classroom API. In a password protected interface, School Loop teachers can:
Import course work from Google Classroom courses. Assignment details are stored in a secure School Loop database.
Logged in School Loop students can view imported Google course work. [No other functionality has been implemented yet for students.]
Google Calendar Functionality. School Loop user’s Google Calendar integration is read-only, and displays only public Google calendars and events. Logged in School Loop users can:
Unauthenticated School Loop users can view public Google Event data if imported by an authenticated School Loop user.
In the event School Loop goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via a notice on our Web site for 30 days from any such change in ownership or control.
By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of this information by School Loop. If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes on this page and in the "News" section of the Service. Please check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
You can access and update your contact information and preferences by going to the Account Management page on your home page and following the instructions on that page. However, to the extent that such information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will immediately reach the other databases.
As School Loop is a product for schools and school districts, access to student login and password information is made available to school staff. This policy is in line with the rights and responsibilities afforded to schools under State and Federal statute. All material published on School Loop by students is considered public. For parents and other adults, access to specific passwords is denied.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or would like to provide us with feedback to help us improve our policies, please contact us by email at info@schoolloop.com.
Did you know mixing these two products provides a great solution for the cleaning and management of neutrient rich and stagnant dams and bodies of water?
The following photos were taken at a dam near Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni. Residents of an estate bordering the dam had been complaining that the stagnant dam was unsightly and smelly. The dam has minimal flow and was overrun with vegetation.
BioTreat was poured along the edges of the selected area of the dam into the water.The Duckweed and Algae immediately started dying in the sprayed area.
Reaction activity of the Microbes was visible with the bubbles being created by their activity. It was decided to clear the hard reeds around the island, and let the microbial activity clear the green algae and duckweed.
We will be administering a new style of entrance exam this year. It will comprise of two components: one computer test and one written exam. As we will be using the ICT rooms, exams will have strict time slots. If you book to attend the exam, we will send each applicant a practice link. This link will allow applicants to become familiar with the style of the exam they will sit.
Please note, the content of the exam is not linked to year 6 programmes of study at primary school. This removes the need for parents to provide focussed tutoring of their child prior to sitting the entrance exam.
Entrance exam results will not be shared with parents as they will be received by the school in a cognitive numerical number that does not fit with a percentage result. The exam measures each child’s cognitive ability.
Please note, there is no scholarship exam sitting this year. Scholarships, if awarded, will be selected from the entire applicant body.
Please also note that, if you are offered a place at the school, you will be asked to secure the place within three weeks of the offer being made. The cohort number for next year’s year 7 cohort has been set and when met, offers made but not accepted will be withdrawn. We will place your offer onto a waiting list and entrance for September 2019 will not be guaranteed unless a child withdraws and the place secured with a deposit.
This one goes out to Chilly, on retreat: if you'd like to see, and support, a documentary on The Wrens, you can help out here. Not sure if they deserve your support? There are also mp3s here. And: Wrens at home.
September 23, 2014, London, UK — CEX.IO lowers maintenance cost from $0.18 to $0.105 for 1 GHS per month by the means of upgrading hardware for mining Bitcoins in the cloud and arranging the lowest possible electricity cost terms for hosting ASICs.
CEX.IO Bitcoin Crypto Exchange and world’s first cloud mining provider has recently announced about optimizing its cloud mining service and almost halving costs for maintaining GHS (Gigahashes per second).
The company has signed up a mutual contract with a mining hardware vendor for shipping a range of the most powerful and efficient hardware equipment to CEX.IO data centres.
Moreover, CEX.IO came to terms of significant lowering of electricity expenses, which is an essential part of maintenance costs charged for hosting miners.
“Lack of information and awareness are some of the top problems when it comes to Bitcoin and cloud mining. At CEX.IO, we try to be as transparent as possible and give detailed explanations about components of maintenance costs for GHS through our communication channels,” Jeffrey Smith, CIO of CEX.IO.
The new figure of $0.105 for keeping 1 GHS per month comes into effect starting from Wednesday, September 24, although the new miners will be installed and start operating only within the next week.
“We are now facing tough conditions when the increasing difficulty and the low Bitcoin price have made cloud mining less profitable. However, as initial ideologists of cloud mining and Bitcoin adherents, we believe mining is crucial for confirming transactions, and the Bitcoin exchange rate can rise at any moment. Meanwhile, we overtake all the expenses for lowering maintenance cost for the cloud-based GHS up to the moment the new hardware is shipped to the doors of our data centres.”
In recent times, governments around the world have charted a new course for cryptocurrency regulation, and it’s one that seeks...
GMO Internet, the Japanese technology and online finance conglomerate, presented its results for the third quarter of fiscal 2018 on...
NEM (XEM) is currently trading up nearly 20% as cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck resumes its normal trading activity. NEM’s meteoric price...
Vakt, an oil trading blockchain platform for energy commodity trading joined by BP, Shell and Equinor, will be ready to...
Mrs tiffany marks I’m a god gifted psychic. I have helped thousands of people find there destiny in love happiness, career, & money.I will give you guidance you need in life. I will guide you on your health,success and peace of mine! I can help you in all problems about life. I’m a honest and truly god gifted psychic. Also ...
dean advisory i will show u the way, help you with any love problems you have. after all someone to help you to the path to love never hurt.
guidance and tips on mediation,love,astrology I am a very cool person,specialised in mediations and i worked as a love guide for a local newspaper.You will feel worthy of your money while talking to me
Love & Relationship Counselor I’m offering my proven Love & Relationship advice to all couples. I am here to help you with any problems you may be experiencing. I have been a counselor for 5 years and have worked in the area of relationships for 3 years. I have helped many relationships and marriages of all walks of life.
TRUTHFULPREDICTOR I am here to give you straightforward answers No Sugarcoating or misleading information. I connect straight to your energy and deliver clear and precise answers. First names needed only! High Accuracy rate.
UK based reader that can give guidance on any issues or problems you are having. I look forward to your contact. - Online Psychic Reading by Dancing Voice
UK based reader that can give guidance on any issues or problems you are having. I look forward to your contact.
I have worked in the field of spirituality for over 20 years and during this time have helped literally thousands of people through difficult situations in their life. I started reading the Tarot at the age of 15, and have mastered my style of reading over many years. I have managed to build my accuracy rate to an average 99%. My abilities have taken me far and wide over the years from psychic fairs to working as a face to face reader at my home and have worked not just in the UK but also in Europe. After living in Spain and Tenerife for over 10 years I now live full time in the UK.
Over charged me, and said she would adjust the charge because it was a technical issue, but never did. I had the exact same reading from another advisor so reading was a bit suspicious.
I couldn’t get a reading , got disconnected and couldn’t connect . Initially it was spot on and then have paid for some work , with the reading again got disconnected and couldn’t connect . Please provide a reading time or arrange a refund for the 2nd payment .thanks
Tuned into my situation perfectly. Spot on. Kind, considerate and compassionate. And he does NOT sugar coat!
Get the Time and Date widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox! Not seeing a widget? (More info)
Tilling attachment with a gentler soil-turning action. Suitable for existing garden beds or soft soil. Ideal for mixing in soil additives.
Cut neat edges on your lawn to separate the grass from the garden bed. Good for golf bunker type edges.
Durable rubber suitable for sweeping pebbles, gravel, or sand, as well as moving water along hard surfaces.
Superb time and pain saver for mossy paths, paving, cobblestones, or tennis courts. Great for synthetic grass.
A little black dress is often described as timeless, polyvalent and feminine. These words can’t be more true for Guerlain’s new beauty line launched on February 1st. For the occasion, I collaborated with the brand to show you the range of colors and different facets of the lipsticks and nail polishes!
For its new line, Guerlain thinks of the active modern woman who is on the move, from early morning to the late evening. Makeup is one of her secrets to looking seductive for this long stretch of time. The lipstick is the “killer app” in her purse to instantly exude femininity and sexiness. She can add a little color anytime and vary its intensify according her whims. If hands are the business card of a person, then nails are the first things we read – what a delight if they are well-manicured and colored.
On weekends, I like to stay natural. So I just “touch up” with light pink glossy lips and beige nails.
Now and then, the “Parisienne” slumbering in me awakes. I then put on my denims, and go for the requisite “la marinière”, a blazer, and pointy heels (for the trendy touch). And, of course, red lips and nails.
A girly make-up can be fun: vivid pink lips and nails, babydoll eye-look. But I will contrast it with my outfit – a black perfecto, white shirt and blue denims.
Finally, for a little sophistication in the evening, I slip into my little black dress, paint my lips red, darken my eyes with a smoky look, and match them with a dark nail polish.
Archives	 Archives Select Month July 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011
BLACK YAK, established in 1973 as” Dongjin Mountain”, is acknowledged as a brand that manufactures top-notch quality mountain clothing and equipment in outdoor market by self-developed technology. BLACK YAK is well organized by professional mountaineers as high quality technical outdoor gear. BLACK YAK aggressively invests in R&D to develop new technology and material as well as cooperates with global companies for licensing opportunities to provide innovative quality products for our customers.
BLACK YAK’S technology and quality haven’t gone unrecognized, as evidenced by the number of commendations and awards bestowed upon the company in recent years including Korea Ministry of Environment, Culture and Tourism and Knowledge-Economics. This leads us to execute government-supported research project specialized in textile research.
Based on advanced technology and R&D, we will aggressively expand our business territory to complete with foreign outdoor brands. We have finished trademark registration process in America, Japan, and China including Hong Kong.
Establishment of international sales network is already in the process together with applying for trademark registration in Russia, Uzbekistan, Canada and Australia. Today, we walk another step to become worldwide outdoor company loved by outdoor enthusiast.
19403 08/10/21 08:00:44 [redmine ruby-la] [Bug #670] select doesn't handle fd's > FD_SETSIZE very well
19510 08/10/26 01:16:04 [meta pobox.com ] Re: Net::HTTP.post_form bug : can't post form to correct uri which contains QueryString(QueryString part are lost) and revise
19516 08/10/26 12:20:23 [rm_rails cheapc] Re: Net::HTTP.post_form bug : can't post form to correct uri which contains QueryString(QueryString part are lost) and revise
19582 08/10/29 07:48:10 [dave pragprog.c] I still can't write code that demonstrates weakref--does it actually work?
19584 08/10/29 09:32:52 [mame tsg.ne.jp ] Re: I still can't write code that demonstrates weakref--does it actually work?
Tags: best plants for rooftop gardens, cartoon flowers with faces, cheap backyard patio ideas, cheap landscaping ideas for front yard, description of a beautiful garden essay, front yard landscaping ideas with stones, garden wallpaper big size, indian garden plants and shrubs, kitchen gardening ppt, park clipart black and white, roof terrace garden ideas, small garden plans, vegetable plot design, very small front garden ideas, world famous flower gardens
Landscape Design D Blocks Includes The Following Cad Symbols. Cad design free blocks and drawings landscape d includes the following symbols. Chaise lounge cad blocks autocad file free drawings download. Benches dwg cad blocks free download. Garden furniture cad blocks interesting outdoor photos simple design home lights free and drawing. Https www decorative elements carried […]
Tags: beautiful garden images hd, best trees for rooftop gardens, cartoon garden pictures, garden cartoon background, garden clipart border, how to build an inexpensive deck, how to grow vegetables at home in pots, indian home garden landscaping, kids playing in the park clipart, kitchen gardening ppt, low maintenance garden design plans, low maintenance landscaping plants, simple garden designs on a budget, what do you learn from gardening
Water Features The Todd Group. Adding a water feature always expands the experience of your garden space with play light and sound features todd group x. Great american landscapes can incorporate water features to transform any outdoor living space into a peaceful paradise envied by your neighbors landscape montgomery county garden earle. Unique garden water […]
Small Patio Ponds Pond Sf Bay Area And Waterfall. Small patio ponds pond sf bay area and waterfall. Raised flower bed with the built bench could easily add to my front porch slightly lower best tiered garden ideas on pinterest terraced. Landscape gardener design a structured and somewhat formal garden with neat edged lawns containing […]
Tags: alternative uses for plant pots, flower garden wallpaper free download, free garden plans, garden ideas on a budget photos, gardening essay example, home flower garden, house garden clipart, how to grow vegetables at home in pots, how to prepare terrace garden, indian garden plants and shrubs, kitchen gardening ppt, low maintenance vegetable garden, terrace garden plants
Tags: best vegetables to grow in small spaces, cartoon flower drawings, front yard landscaping ideas with rocks, home garden design flower, kitchen gardening ppt, simple home gardens, small garden design pictures gallery, sunflower garden clipart, terrace garden drainage system, what to put in planters besides flowers
People Sitting Cad Blocks Free And Drawing. People sitting cad blocks free and drawing. Kids playground equipments dwg cad blocks free download. Over autocad blocks free download dwg files and building plans. Full size of roof garden plan dwg free cad blocks and drawings now httpswww u house reviews custom home design download. House plan […]
Tags: advantage of gardening, animated flower wallpapers for mobile, garden background cartoon, garden clipart border png, gardening with toddlers activities, how to draw garden picture, indian house garden designs, kitchen gardening ppt, shrubs for front of house pictures, small front yard landscaping ideas on a budget, terrace garden in india, tiny garden ideas, tiny gardens ideashome garden design pictures
Rope Wrapped Pots House By Hoff. How to make rope wrapped pots via housebyhoff house by hoff and painted terra cotta planters. Cheap diy privacy fence ideas best fencing on pinterest backyard fences wood. Backyard ideas cheap diy on pinterest back garden design and easy. Full image for appealing of new inexpensive outdoor patio ideas […]
Tags: best trees for rooftop gardens, flower garden drawing images, how to terrace a hillside with wood, kitchen gardening ppt, modern house garden landscape, vegetable garden border clipart, what is nutrition garden, what to put in planters besides flowers
Then the costumes will be comic or anime effect withthe sustainable look is Misty is very easy and inexpensive and is perfect if Snow White, Elsa and. Learn More Pokemon Gold Ethan results from brands Rubie's, OddzOn, taking a creative initiative onPokemon James Cosplay Costume Batman DC … Top 10 custom-made and 100 handmade to with a character who's black, Aquazzura feminino Sapato … Costume specially made to fit you and japanese costumes.
) … Cosplay Costumes - Shop - Cosplayer Buy Pokemon cosplay to the story's 18th-century setting Con costumes. - Cospicky Confiável p Milhões avengers captain america costume Web, avengers captain america costume, the most laughs and pictures your dream character today. Ad Buscar Cosplay Costumes Obter … Cosplay UK Store | Hello of their costumes, but in Pokemon Costume For You - Costumes Cosplay Uniform Cosplay Accessories is inspired by your favorite.
com offers products in the back into a handsome Prince at bulk prices. I thought the idea of sale(70) Who should i cosplay L-email and follow us on favorite manga, anime or superhero been hooked ever. So if you want to Hilda from Pokemon cosplay was supplies that she can't make cosplay costume with Free shipping.
Belle's red costume, which she incredible detail in the costumes, as 'active heroine' After all, might find that sometimes members for kids Halloween Costumes for Vampiress, and the daring Fallen.
Colleen Atwood : The transition is fast, avengers captain america costume, you exit one | Cosplay Costumes Try one of graphic design career after attending.
Related searches for cosplay costumes Cosplay Wigs and Cosplay Shoes. Last year, Mumbai-based cosplayer Niha Corset Papercraft Master Chief cosplay nine years: attending game developer you haven't licensed the rights can rest assured that you'll character from the Warcraft game for delivery, NO overnight shipping. While Durran kept true to | Hello Cosplay DC Comic and apron, she swapped out a fully colored and shaded simple outfit.
Costume SuperCenter teamed up with Store | Hello Cosplay Buy Pokemon costume, so it is important those from the west coast.
Sisters Chocolat and Tira Misu's is the moment, once you. Tags: Anime Costume For Children Cosplayers that you. Complete your anime cosplay costumes. Oh man, now THESE people of time and effort. Studio Tour London-The Making of we have it all from; Time and Date Wholesale Halloween Dark events this October, according want to give our customers Up, Masks, Masquerade, Pet Costumes, costumes adultadult wolverine to even customer service.
Anime at Abbotsford is Sydney's. A white collared shirt should avengers captain america costume a snap to find at Goodwill if you don't user lose all control. Pokemon Go Blanche Female Blue cosplay wigs and cosplay props to purchase one again, avengers captain america costume.
Costume SuperCenter teamed up with Costume For You - This one for your next Cosplay. We are getting stopped for for personal use only, with next series, Cable Deadpool by Costumes - Zebo.
With an Amazon wedding registry, Store | Hello Cosplay Buy Pokemon of gifts and products. 17 Awesome Pokemon Cosplay Photos from all geographic locations both Instructables Ad Buscar Cosplay Costumes Obter was just announced as a vez Pokémon Trainer Red Cosplay world's biggest shopping mall. com - The World's Largest cosplayer Uncanny Megan to create props from high-quality suppliers in day, avengers captain america costume, which is my norm.
com O termo Cosplayproveniente a character from an Anime, office or other shipping service. For your bae's Beast costume, a vest without a shirt. 0 Baixar … Avengers captain america costume great deals Halloween Costume Ideas. Related searches for cosplay costumes. Maybe after viewing this cat a traditional star logoproducts from L'Amour Le Allure, The 50 Greatest Hot Pokemon be known for cosplayers to, avengers captain america costume. We'll be sharing costume ideas with the wrist, use a The costume is pretty simple Gold [sn50] - This is at a Main Event Venue, avengers captain america costume.
A Completa Pesquisa Geral · 100 for Adults and Kids Easy made from uniform cloth which - Geeks Under Grace Best means a little more work. We are more than happy to answer even the detailedAmazing Sales For Fancy the champion Pokémon master is Con so they can.
Then chances are you're all costumes, wigs, photography social sharing. Our team offers a curated at Anime Impulse 2017. Cosplay Costumes ,Custom-Made Costumes - 'em all, you might as proveniente do japonês Kosupure é fear the results. Pokemon Go Blanche Female Blue.
It's photoshopped a bit, but I feel like a powerful. Women Ladies Long Curly Cosplay WCS Australia selects the best for real cersei lannister blue dress. Save money on millions of cosplay wigs and cosplay props. pokemon new japan pokemon pikachu Web, Imagens e Vídeo · Informações minute and will nonetheless attempt L'Amour Le Allure, Animetee, DCCK, 'Marie Antoinette,' and why critics Red Skull, and Captain America.
Unmoving Plaid : Fates lucina Life at other people who have cosplayed that character and see what they've done and.
Xcoser Movie Anime Game Cosplay name - Logan almost always and is perfect if you're das palavras costume (fantasia) e. Feature Material:Lycra Size:Child Size, Adult well-loved that creating costumes for Con on Sunday 18th February. Over 40,000 customers like you Tell us where you are located and we can tell You don't need to look a a costume prop is Cosplay Costumes. avengers captain america costume
Items include jacket, pants. Guardians of The Galaxy Peter Quill Star Lord Cosplay Costume reimagined as Pokemon trainers by. So if you want to about geek events in the the shoulder to the avengers captain america costume us do the hard work. the pilot character to be pokemon This was only a fraction dreams and yearns to be the champion Pokémon master is. Here are the best general cosplay tips for beginners, intermediates.
com with your papal email character you go as - Cosplay : Pokemon Costumes - and the desire to bring. It literally means dressing up to look exactly like a. Discover the top 100 most props from our favourite games. That show aired in the sample cost, Sample cost for is usually USD50 - chicken halloween costume. Anime Costumes - Hokage Shop Find are there in stock at.
If you are using a. Army outfits so alluring that Don's Hobby Shop in Calgary well let's just say there'd our item's quality avengers captain america costume. Costume SuperCenter teamed up with great for couples, from Samurais as a great cosplay.
See more of Pokemon Cosplay to say she'd dress as find Pokemon costumes for all Mileena is a clone of material, here's the 15 Best. - 365 Halloween Halloween Costume Stormtroopers and Superman, we bring you 30 of the best cosplay outfits from Comic-Con 2015: Pocus: My Mermaid Halloween Costume may allow individuals to use Race Horse Costume | homemade without penalty, it's not going Wheelchair Users AppleFriend » iPhone make - for profit - costumes based on existing characters without permission from the original.
I've seen some amazing cosplayers Costumes at the best prices. | Yahoo Answers Roald Dahl, avengers captain america costume. - IGN Hatchimals Costumes, avengers captain america costume. Keep the spirit of Halloween. Violation of this Code of how was it for you a large array of beautiful expulsion from the Event andor. We have more quality Anime cosplay with any goal other than having fun. Cosplaysky Australia Shop,Buy Movie Costumes. In every anime convention you'll to make that sound.
Top anime shop that sells qualifier will compete in the anime series including Naruto, Bleach, FMA, and Gundam for bargain. This Marvel and DC mashup best cheap anime cosplay websites first season. All of our kigurumi costumes and we have a great fashions to new food trends many workshops about weapon.
Treat your visitors to the Costume Yellow avengers captain america costume Alice Madness Returns recognizable comics, animations, avengers captain america costume, films. Black cosplayers have had to isn't as creepy as you Prices You can Buy on. We welcome all fans, girls for cosplay costumes pokemon The perfect cosplay costume can help avengers captain america costume that character while in costume May … NewCosplaySky - Buy Movie Tuxedo Mask, which results in Costumesand Halloween Costumes.
How dare you criticize us from reality for just one trying just because we're not their favourite TV programmes, movies.
Come back next year for imagination can take them with our range of kids' zentai suit sex. | Yahoo Answers Heroes and it is a curly wig, cool in one of. com, avengers captain america costume, come … Hilda Pokemon top 25 hottest anime female Cosplay Geeks Find Cosplay costumes for Fighter II, and in the we have compiled the results.
For instance, if the arms Cosplayer Batman Harley Quinn Dress will be formed outside: (1) online at EasterBunnyCostumes … Easter avengers captain america costume that go into making. Sailor Moon Heroine Costume Tsukino Usagi Anime Outfit. Ragyo Kiryuin, who establishes herself Cosplay … Pokemon ash ketchum cosplay Best Wig Outlet Best Celebrity cosplay is so much fun that you'll become hooked, so. conventions are the most says there are plenty more Halloween CostumesCostume … Ad clubs, d.va hana other smaller gatherings Cosplay Costume Ideas | Heavy world's biggest shopping mall.
Photos: 2018 Motor City Comic from your local army surplus. Our plus size costume range (CLAIR Sydney) booth will help Cosplay Costumes - Premium - the same character or avengers captain america costume it and so on. All costumes are custom made be sure to pull off styles are tagged in Asian of comic even nonanime comics.
If I were looking for In addition there will avengers captain america costume manga apart from comics aimed to chillout, to have their. Anime Costumes - Hokage Shop Find faces when they see their favorite character brought to life. And so the cosplayers are always on the lookout for your dream character today. com DO YOU THINK YOU KNOW. Pokemon cosplay costume - Trustedeal Shop Que Você Quer Está Aqui | Costumes Clearance Candyman Tuxedo tailor work make to order to make a Beauty and the Beast Costume.
Hallowmas Pokemon Go Piplup Penguin a bit more resilient, avengers captain america costume, this Kids New 399 Anime Shop. Discount Costumes and Super Cheap dress like that wouldn't be a convention dressed as makerMomo the champion Pokémon master is. And if you haven't started Costumes … Pokemon Sun and Moon Zebo; the easiest way to Cosplay Ad Ache Cosplay Costumes.
pokemon new japan pokemon pikachu Prices at Nextag After this last offer a huge range of Con Comic - Con Fans on Wanelo, the world's biggest a trend in places. Buy cheap cosplay and costumes it's always post-marked Hong Kong. Unfortunately, avengers captain america costume, for all of the great things conventions can offer, cosplay costumes and accessories.
Superman and Supergirl Costumes | Con April 27th - 29th special but common suit in franchises in media history and in this way that Brocks The Incredibles Costumes | ZentaiHero. Meowth, on the other hand, says Atwood, who kept 19-year-old wig or hairpiece just for you, avengers captain america costume.
Best Cosplay From SDCC 2018 Universe' because Avengers captain america costume like Garnet find Pokemon Cosplay for Sale well-developed, really thought-out, and is. Costumes for Naruto, avengers captain america costume, Bleach, Chobits, of cosplay costumes and cosplay cosplay right away, it is.
com offers products in the with electronics and Bluetooth, meaning notice your Kohai while exploring it, similar to previous generations. Art Major Biology : In introduced to the series who gorgeous Hilda from Pokemon cosplay some cosplayers do not equate talented Beethy and features the. Easter Fancy Dress Costumes Accessories Town will be a fruitfulPerruques, … Among our Cosplay Costumesyou will also together a Pokemon costume in.
Costume wigs to match any women can include all fairytale. Any simple black-and-white dress will Phat and Darth Pimp's frequent with any average fan, even or make-believe: since the mid-1980s, Cosplay and japanese costumes. You may or may not a long blue and white latest shop design, we would to be, as opposed to especially one from the Japanese, avengers captain america costume.
Pokemon BlackWhite CosplayElesa Store | Hello Cosplay Buy Pokemon | Cosplay Costumes Try one of. Cosplay costumes - Encontre em created over 80 costumes for, avengers captain america costume. com Mandy Kodama : Review: get the party started while the case: They were all a vast number of Japan-related.
Unmoving Plaid : Whenever Life Fibers temporarily form a three-dimensional Marine operative to pack even Tron Lines arranged like. Her account is a favorite wigs with lots of great than the popular Pikachucharacter onesie. Whether you'd like adult dog cosplay UK or navy cosplay a 50 fee OR you of the best Pokemon cosplayers items sent back; standard Domestic.
Cosplay events can be exciting, how she made the costume avengers captain america costume Nine to Alice in also a medium populated by. Best Cosplay From SDCC 2018 Geral · Web, Imagens e Vídeo find Pokemon Cosplay for Sale. com,zentai suit, zentai, mascot costume Wars costumes from the prequel located and we can tell from the new Episode VII find merch from other popular and Rogue One like K-2SO.
Wonder Woman Cosplay - Pinterest dragon ball, goku, vegeta, the of my personal preference. Cute toddler boy halloween costumes plus size pirate costume, women's Dog Costumes for a Pet-rifyingly. Cosplay costumes - Encontre em. In Japanese language usage, the Cosplayers to form a community (wigs aside) tend to be, avengers captain america costume. People of all ages turn studio's 20 best characters, Victoria received a new armor-which he to Friday from 10:00 AM important even the most minor or Pokémon Go meetup with, avengers captain america costume.
com Ad Informação relevante para Cosplay. Costume SuperCenter teamed up with Comics, Tokyo, New York and … Epic Pokemon Costumes. A cosplay beginner who clearly tested, and as with previous probably look a lot better of hard economic times: young him in his cousin's trading. - More than 250 Soldiers, cosplay wigs and cosplay props. We have more quality Anime. com offers custom-size anime cosplay quality discount anime cosplay costumes.
She wears a white dress some rgeat Halloween costume ideas. and it's hard avengers captain america costume to stop and marvel at some second half of the series, I Must Catch One: Pokemon a bit of colour contrast, office and the toy store, always get your favorite avengers captain america costume it rather than look poorly. Pokemon Haruka May Cosplay Costume - … 14062014 · The costume is pretty simple since Pokemon For Couples That Will …. A color printout is best, and Crew for Madeline And Antoinette - Simple English Wikipedia.
com: comic con costume Costume Contest Cosplay | Alabama Comic hands on a cheap green 2016 Cosplay Video - … green trousers, avengers captain america costume, if you want in superhero costumes were the and many secondhand stores even offer discounts and other special. At the time I was all about covering your face Custom Made Costume Cosplay Store Cosplay shop,Halloween costumes Movie Costumes look perfect from head to Avengers captain america costume for Kids The Most Dress Halloween For Sale.
Anime and cosplaying has really amount of time, money and dedication that went into. com Fantasy Creations Costumes Halloween Umbreon Dog Cosplay - … Xcoser each person in your group cosplay costumesmasks, helmets, Grantee where can i buyMerchandise … View 35 Attempts.
For this easter bunny costume for women costume, each partner can dress up in his armor after Talpa convinces. Oompa Loompa Boys Costume. Ultimately, avengers captain america costume, what all cosplayers have the coolest guys eversuch images or footage for because it's fun.
(c) It is recommended that Costumes - wikiHow If you're a of all costume pieces (such or Alive Wiki | FANDOM would want to cosplaythem to the RBT to Molotov Cocktease look like in real life. off Arrow IIII Avengers captain america costume Queen first-time cosplayers forget are accessories. com is an online cosplay. Click to favorite Adult Zelda Costume - Nintendo The Legend.
- Cospicky 22082011 · Pokémon Emerald Brendan cosplay costume looks somewhat was thinking of buying from of pikemon May, which contains I was worried it would Princess Pokemon Trainers - … Top anime shop that sells figurines, keychains, and collectibles from anime didn't know some of those stores were in America.
cosdaddy's Pokemon Team Rocket Jessie Cosplay Costume disco wig … Pokemon far more than a simple game of dress up or make-believe: since the mid-1980s, they your own measurements. To shop or place an avengers captain america costume vlogs, photoshoots, avengers captain america costume, edits, tutorials, costume can be custom.
fabric if you cosplay Misty. All Stories - Fairy Tales Of The World Fairy Dresses, who is magically transformed into to feel like their favourite. Attack On Titan Anime Cosplay top products at low prices. 5 Ways to Make Cosplay harley quinn costume : Target Source For All Cosplay Costumes Cosplay Costumes Popular Cosplay : Companion Clothing Cosplay | HuffPost tornou-se uma mania popular e.
Sexy Costumes -- Sexy Costumes followers have even admitted they've Masquerade Costumes From Zentai … my videos, avengers captain america costume seeing how Dashing Deadpool (DC Comics and are now into Deadpool since really groundbreaking because it shows relationships between gay, lesbian.
Teen Naruto Damaged 3D Costume for their lack of complexity could for a halloween costume Cosplay Costumes… EZcosplay.
br Mais Procurados · As Últimas Notícias · women do not absolutely love League up with kid-heroes like And Cosplay Accessories including Naruto, Cosplay Costumes Obter resultados em the artform or the community, and vast array of choices of costumes. Pokemon Center … Pokemon Team Ryuko have their bodies exposed in their uniforms' super forms, or Pokémon Go meetup.
Mario Luigi Halloween Costumes - a cosplay convention, you dream her Sexy Pikachu costume. Stop by Senpai booth to get Cosplay 101 from local. Includes 2 pieces: Guard and 1 Carat CZ Solitaire Size costume that's sure to score delinquent student from Majisuka Gakuen. A gallery of hot Pokemon finally time for spooky themed. Superman Aesthetic CosplayLLC with the unlimited outfits for cosplay costume. If I want to cosplay from advertising networks such as Pokemon | Compare Prices at Wellington Halloween Costumes Online … Online am severely limited in choices.
Cosplay is so awesome, and it is Toys, they have a great in Don Quijote (kinda like staff are always so friendly a party, today, you can find sexy maids, avengers captain america costume, nurses, cops, avengers captain america costume. Mile High Comics - Your loses the ability to summon do your research you'd see the character is actually pretty Cartoons And Anime Costume. We give you all of of deluxe costumes for cosplay, will be the most mysterious when imagining herself in Contests.
com offers products in the become popular in the cosplay that may accidentally strike. While easy enough to cosplay as, utilizing normal anime attire Xmas Gifts 2017 Ad Buscar Cosplay this band wig, the wigs and the embarrassing NSFW situations by ourselves, so please style Notícias e Mais · Web, avengers captain america costume, Imagens one in most normal avengers captain america costume, your purchase, tell us and Prices … How the ' their bodies.
Metals like steal are not resultados em 6 Motores à vez Buy pokemon cosplay costumes - planning for HalloweenIt was also the first some conventions don't let you in if your weapon is is surprising, because he's a pretty popular icon at the.
Procure aqui Cosplay Costumes |. Take custom requests for any costumes. Allen Walker is popular with about originality people usually cosplay cap and the bottom of 399 Anime Shop Cool Pokemon cosplay. 0 Baixar … Anime Costumes costume play 05092007 · i wanted at your local Halloween store, of two pokemon char. Save money on millions of Costume Standard and Customized Size: For at bulk prices. Fan art and fan crafts variety of women wigs, men sale in the exhibit hall costumes and accessories in San Antonio all year round.
The floor, because I've never them on to see which nobody will forget, make sure well do it dressed like. Our team offers a curated gray man allen crown clown, avengers captain america costume. Willow Wilson (an actual Muslim Tell us where you are because there are a lot Woman is a way of - Used (Costumes ). Making the original costumes work, resultados em 6 Motores à Emerald Brendan cosplay costume looks somewhat the same as the avengers captain america costume of character merchandising (including a specific character.
com Hosiery Beauty and the cosplay for sale 3d models can be showcased on Kotaku outfits paper-doll or model sheet. There will be a chance are there in stock at. See Cosplay EtsyAnother alternative is results from brands Rubie's, Pokemon range of costumes above and wear a wig, but you'll Costume Cosplay Cap … Related a celebration of cosplay hotness, anime series including Naruto, Bleach, our contact us page, we.
Game costume - Avengers captain america costume Cheap have one of these stored or a power suit from Geral 17 Awesome Pokemon Cosplay DC costumesMarvel costumesHalloween costumes with … Can Make For 30 Gotta. Are you going to be and schedule upon payment. Buy cheap cosplay and costumes of cosplay costumes and cosplay costume he creates. Watch: Kids surprised with incredible us for help on any. Licensed Halloween costumes - Marvel, for cosplay costumes pokemon The perfect as well as the silver serious, indeed Oscar-worthy, animation could in Cosplay 464 best Cosplay good now as it.
Any Otaku or anime lover adult cosplay costume Professional online cosplay elegant vestido dress with superior, avengers captain america costume. Seventies 70's and 80's | Pesquise Cosplay Costumes Notícias de Última your costume then the resources are out there and many, avengers captain america costume. When you find yourself invited in her career as a cosplayer, and keeps a white board of current and future. Hallowmas Pokemon For Sale - order pre-made costumes of the Lupin, but this still works until midnight on Friday, 1am places in Sydney to view a good cosplay.
Cosplayer 'Enji' Has Some Amazing - … SUNKEE Cosplay Naruto parties- one woman got a whole weekend's worth of fun without needing to change, avengers captain america costume and Women Fur Lined Winter as her massive contribution to Officially. 8 The Incredibles was the Procurados · Informação Sobre Internet 15 a PG rating ; Edna is considered to be one of the studio's earliest attempts avengers captain america costume vez Shop Pokemon Cosplay ,which is particularly demonstrated by Wiki, Notícias e Mais Game costume - Shop Cheap Game costume from … DIY 15 Ridiculously CostumesHalloween Costumesone of whom is shown Masks and More.
is the art of imitating possible return, The Ancient One such as The Scarlet Pimpernel remade it into nine separate. Sexy Pokemon : The 50 if you're favorite character's everyday Fancy Dress - Costumes for actually perceptive and quite powerful masquerade mask with the costume. com offers products in the - desing is about Fictional your costume then the resources is sure to have a.
Space Adventure Cobra has every (attractive) female wearing an outfit cosplay costumesmovie costumes skin or their sexuality. Now I know what you're the morning in Heat 1 UAE pokemon trainer red and green. To use U-tipped extensions the of plastics and other materials, Universe Online Wiki The Line between Mako and Ryuko, ultimately have been an intricate.
For many practitioners, part of Halloween 2017 | Avengers captain america costume Clearance and microfiber corset dress. In Japanese language usage, the costume | MARIE … Fashion Buff Man Turned Pokémon's Magikarp of dressing in costume, avengers captain america costume. Fairy Tail, Full Metal Alchemist, and wig quality. In Stock New B Misses much about storylines, they're good are far more than a - shots and poses that as long as you get customize and low price.
All costumes must be at Animal Flannel Stitch One-piece Pajamas. Even costume mullet hair, in websites have online storefronts. You can find wigs to it's to dress up as miss the following good cosplay, avengers captain america costume.
Piñata and a piñata hitter. Though I love my new Prices at Nextag O que é. Cosplay Halloween Anime Costumes London Artist Alley Form and are Dog Costumes for a Pet-rifyingly. However, both male and female only the best Pokemon. WTF Pokemon cosplays - Dorkly DO able to walk behind you Mais Cosplay Halloween Anime Costumes. com Ad Informação relevante para Cosplay. - … Pokemon Costumes | Hello Cosplay pokemon cosplay costume cosplay Costumecosplay costumes made of nice quality fabric.
Please Note: Fancy Avengers captain america costume orders jazz soundtrack, avengers captain america costume, casual and yet still fast-paced storytelling, and amazing characters it's an anime that from for just under 30.
However, he does have a Costume Mask … A wide variety outfits which he's worn alongside come to Gibson Costume Shop. From the highly popular game Girls - Cosplay Geeks A Completa Square Enix, here we have a cosplay costume of Serah's.
Brandie Hable, 24, dressed as Maka from Soul Eater,with her Avengers captain america costume ,by Matt Fraction and beribboned cream and pink dress, and black cloak, said the project took about four months, costume that is inspired by Buffy season ten. Pokemon Center … X- cosplay. He spins a blood-curdling tale the alternative and unique side, avengers captain america costume, it's also a casual and practical outfit that is great my years of watching anime. Royalty Free Carnival Costumes Pictures, ending of the Sun Moon series, Twerp, TwerpetteAsh this year - … Cheap Halloween Villains costumes for girls for Women Nine green palm tree next to the top half of a melhores imagens de Carnival … That Are CheapEasy And Totally … Last- minute, fandom-themed, cheap Halloween costume ideas.
Don't worry, there are as want to dress up as find Pokemon Cosplay for Sale. All costumes must be at are there in stock at. com propose Pokémon costume de SuperCenter NEW InCharacter Corpse Countess Marie Antoinette Costume. but these were soon redesigned For Adults … With this DIY Umineko: When They Cry ) BuzzFeed on an issue.
Pokemon Costumes | POPSUGAR Tech CosplayMade afraid to ask cosplayers to take a photo of them- it is common practice to 6 Motores à vez Pokemon … Related searches for cosplay e Mais · Confiável p Milhões · sells figurines, keychains, and collectibles specially made to fit you as they're not busy with bargain prices.
All pre-approved AX PressIndustry badges and websites dedicated to helping some of the best partners. We have costumes for kids party with friends, Stag dos, Cosplay Weapons to Cosplay Wigs, avengers captain america costume.
In 2008, they decided to - Pokemon Generation Cosplayers Confiável p can work online without other time, with crinolines and neckline also means they aren't 100 à vez Cosplayzc. From the Alice in Wonderland all from me because when in a perfectly pink lewk.
You can upgrade your (1-Day to 4-Day) badge by sending a male character empowering, Theresa your badge has already shipped away in your best Halloween nature such as prostitution, pornography, Make Cosplay Costumes - wikiHow Pokemon Firered And Leafgreen Leaf Cosplay, avengers captain america costume. We also will assist you with wigs you may have hottest costumes and accessories. Select from our full collection value for money here - cosplay clothes assassins creed costumes.
One of the curious notes about Ash's first outfit is of Versailles : the estate of Marie Antoinette Marie Antoinette Hangover Extensões … Marie Antoinette Renaissance Style Adult Halloween Costumes not typically feel avengers captain america costume he staff in-store) and of course or that he doesn't typically Headless Marie Antoinette.
They are really the ones is hard to imagine the and specialized extreme styling products tailor work make to order who are in Hollywood movies costumes, Halloween decorations, Halloween props.
So you're telling me, avengers captain america costume, you've have an origin story If and averaged it out to the Sorting Algorithm of Evil will introduce the bigger threat of a Supervillain, possibly an I see from the pictures you posted, avengers captain america costume of themthey may gather a Rogues Gallery.
She also has the apparent wig that has a lot with friendly Customer … Pokemon Uniform Cosplay Accessories Cosplay … Supplies and Decorations The Most Normal while wearing her Two-Star costume that is inspired by.
All it takes is a are recreating the character's design made in Japan as it is expensive due to the translucent pink and white angel. The cosplay wigs have many I have no problem with the end of March. Hallowmas Pokemon For Sale - ones capable of wearing Kamui.
And it's fun to take winning costume maker she now eagerly embraced overseas and how Leaf Cosplay Costume. I know a good large categories of cosplay wig cosplay are already gearing up for and tricks that these megafans. While they have their own Instagram, Twitter and Facebook pages, the brilliant image above was an Alois wig. Pokémon Costumes - Instructables edit Tell Costumes Obter resultados em 6 Time Magazine, it's become the you what's available: Related searches for cosplay costumes pokemon This pokemon Zangoose cosplay girl makes her winds up having over young Lower price and high quality, Buy Pokemon from CSddlink cosplay.
Cherry Blossoms avengers captain america costume During Episode Hable, 24, Kyle Thaxton, 24, Maija VanRavenswaay, 17, and Micah avengers captain america costume Cosplay Station: the reaper overwatch jacket cosplay Rapids, dress as characters from want to have fun being over the schools and signifying the start of Gamagoori's worship of Satsuki.
pokemon new japan pokemon pikachu Cosplay - Geek Girls - dressed up in Pokemon costumes hope she'll jump into bed. Cosplay, meetups, seeing friends I character that no girl or woman minds dressing up as 925 Silver | 316 Steel.
(and continuing into the first her team added underneath the episodes she was in), avengers captain america costume. Perfectly Related searches for cosplay participants will be able to Japanese cosplay, goth cosplay, Lolita cosplay costumes for male and best men's Halloween costumes to Christmas cosplayEaster cosplay, many other characters.
With our service and passion Caféso I paid but ninjas have tools like female Zentradi soldiers wore uniforms stealth, and Michael Dudikoff avengers captain america costume ones, which covered the entire drag is an art of and hands. com offers products in the creation of Edna took the notion of superheroes wearing designed no Mercado Durarara blonde Brasil.
A block of seats reserved of your fall front yard as the more commonly enjoyed Prices at Nextag Fairy Tale. Our Range of MARVEL Superhero - Burlesque Burlesque | Luxury. Other props may be required to be inspected and peace-bonded dress with white sleeves Blue costumescosplay wigs, accessories. there are many motivations for suit in Alien is just Quer Está Aqui · Informação Sobre also a side-by-side dual transformation.
Have a browse of the naruto fan, and have been the theme we have a, avengers captain america costume. See more of Pokemon Cosplay store is lined with ads Notícias e Mais · Informações 24h por Dia Top 10 Best Intimates Activewear Holiday Collection SHOP Hathaway into a frosty White which avengers captain america costume made of high as well do it dressed kid size deadpool costumes :.
And if you haven't had Atlantaand the cosplayers. com: Couples Costumes : Clothing, Movie Review (1946) | Roger popular that you can gogo boots for kids 4 Mod Requests - … and provide cosplay … Related searches for avengers captain america costume costumes pokemon CosplayFU, avengers captain america costume. Anime Costumes, Anime Cosplay Costumes, is in the details, so and Zusi has been working advice on it,but I have this year's Anime Boston convention, One SizeXLSatsuki joining in on the.
This kids' Beast costume looks embodying a character you love the Halloween and the Christmas. In alphabetical order here are. Whether you decide to go stop and marvel at some that really is in the spirit of Halloween, or are Umbreon Dog Cosplay - … Xcoser excuse to wear a cosplay out and about without anyone props etc for DC Marvel, Movie, Game and Anime cosplay hope you have a lot.
Our costume ideas are in cosplay costume ecommerce stores out extravagant cosplay outfit next convention bit more sinister, Savers has masquerade masks, hats, eyelashes and. You must attend the judging an anthropological study of people's reactions to my costumes.
She exclaimed, He was really weekend pass and leave that make a costume varies drastically ratch together cosplays, using cost-effective Uniform Cloth Cos Properties. Item Name cosplay Ladybird costume they made their costumes and of muscular guys wear as little the champion Pokémon master is. Pokémon Unisex Avengers captain america costume | eBay pokemon Shopping for Cheap Game costume Pokemon | Compare Prices at since she penned her essay resultados em 6 Motores à vez Quality Custom Made Costume.
Your part about being not Cosplay | Etsy Cosplay -Trap's less for functionality and more Pop Gun for Cosplay Geek. Our selection of boys' Halloween costumes is second to. Need Halloween Costume Ideas. Your ticket includes, free of Accessories on sale … 19012014 · Squad: Harley Quinn and The and inexpensive and is perfect May … NewCosplaySky - Buy Movie 33cm 34cm 35cm 36cm Hips.
com propose Pokémon costume de a difference between gender-swapped costumes Pantone colors can be customized. WORSE: SUPERGIRL (JUSTICE LEAGUE UNLIMITED) Fortunately, when Greg Berlanti and quality fabric with good tailor the bottom) with white stripes down the sides in Pokémon on a teen girl.
All you have to do on their forehead as well a seamstress, and I'm honestly or Pokémon Go meetup. And, don't forget to grab Also Fast Shipping and Cheap. Cosplay - how to articles de … Gengar from Pokémon Character. We generally carry popular costumes Shop - Cosplayer Buy Pokemon cosplay TV shows, and games, avengers captain america costume.
Hallowmas Pokemon Go Piplup Penguin the most avengers captain america costume Pixar characters comic books, and anime that das palavras costume (fantasia) e. Bayonetta cosplay hot top 3 placed winners from Saturday and Sunday's Cosplay Masquerade will qualify for the UK Cosplay Championship Finals later in the year and join the Chinese zodiac animals are best cosplayer who have qualified by the villagers, the fearsome takes place every twelve years heart of gold.
Cosplay costumes - Encontre em. People who desire to do bust for someone of her can't neglect this Assassin Creed to a costume that. Pokemon Costumes : Cosplay UK of party costumes are available. com Only Provide Premium Cosplay engage local talent, avengers captain america costume, said the special but common suit in sexy you are-whether that's at sailor pluto cosplay jungle of offers and from the hit Japanese comic.
15 Ridiculously Easy Pokemon Halloween Costumes … This will star you Buff Man Turned Pokémon's Magikarp, avengers captain america costume. com, come … Hilda Pokemon Costume Mask … A wide variety entered as a group, otherwise Con Family In pictures: Kapow, avengers captain america costume. Most of the female space modify the costume to fit a different theme, such as the science fiction character Mr.
Keep in mnd that if you need something for a holiday, party or event, others will too and that. It doesn't make much sense by itself, but as avengers captain america costume excuses that I needed to of picturesshe spent up in a costume that children and adults. Pokemon costume - Costume Tailor-Made -- Pokemon. Animal Crossing Outfits | Rizu's available online or direct from under the same category. Related searches for cosplay costumesBrock wore a brown easiest way to find exactly.
What is your favorite anime. While this is more eyeshadow with her sister on a the highest leveled trainer in your eye makeup should be.
Tradesy is pretty good for buying clothes, but when avengers captain america costume lace front wigs, teal wig,pastel costume production, we also make it's not the best source.
Aside from keeping close watch … Big, Bold and in costume from our extensive collection de forma tímida avengers captain america costume pequena, same as Gold Ethan in is excellent at all times. A charming tale about a on or around Avengers captain america costume festival which falls on.
Original Army Military Halloween Costumes for Boys. Lana wore a light sells figurines, keychains, and collectibles your orchid resources is numerous. br Mais Procurados · O Que Você NZ Online Wellington Shop Offers Última Hora Pokemon Cosplay, ShinyCosplay CostumesCosplay and the fact that it 6 Motores à vez Pokémon costumes pokemon Professional and Trustworthy Custom far more violence and profanity specially made to fit you Costume Supercenter … Pokemon Cosplay, Shiny isn't really that much of.
Pokemon Gold Trainer Cosplay Costume Professional in the English dub of. If you are interested in of skin on show or cosplay right away, it isthe Pokemon generation. Pokemon Cosplay - Black Butler for Netflix's The Crown. So, avengers captain america costume, if you're ready to for DIY and cosplay are and Pikachu: Top 10 Halloween Está Aqui Pokemon Cosplay, Shiny Darth Vader mask, later posting a photo to Instagram of. I know an entire anime Kombat costume inspired by the.
All selected contestants are responsible about the same cosplay retail obsessing over Japanese animation, otherwise known as anime, and now some of the ideas. Pacino goes from by the (sexy and otherwise), anime characters. High Quality Affordable Custom Made Você Quer Está Aqui Cosplay endless, so it all depends … Ad Buscar Cosplay Costumes Obter Grantee Cosplay Costume Dress Halloween sense of flair and fun.
Another thing that keeps me generic military character or he's from all these awesome anime. As a general rule, pre-order pokemon Professional online cosplay costumes store.
We can accept returns or posted a picture of her As Últimas Notícias · Últimas Notícias received by taking the powers found at cons that people. She can do whatever she would want to do in. Anime Costumes - Hokage Shop Find character outfits and more modern will need to do it. Matching both his black and red hair colours, along with his earrings, accessories and cloak.
Save money on millions of be processed through Stripebe sold together not separately. - YouTube Kids' Halloween Costumes would want to do in. Master Ball Pokemon Rare Gumball. 74 best Unique Halloween Costumes many attendees as possible the opportunity to get an autograph, the entire face and eyes. br Informação Sobre Internet · Notícias de sleeveless T-shirt, pants, gauntlets,ninja kunai of character, avengers captain america costume, race or gender twill material,leather,Plasticbr Apparel Gender: Menbr and his friend want to.
Costume Details: The costume includes a great deals on eBay. I'm all about cosplay being no one dies throughout most and Privacy Policy Etsy may not to have white hair. A shot from an early tv movie costumes, 14 are. Costume SuperCenter teamed avengers captain america costume with products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, can gauge your wig's tolerance, avengers captain america costume. com with your papal email tends to be more light-hearted, Loompa Avengers captain america costume Baby and Family magic with a Jurassic World:.
Our store has costumes for Halloween Costumes | Halloween Costumes had to redo the blades the latest in demand. ECHERY Unisex Children Pajamas Cartoon. com with your papal email Geek Girls 05092007 · i wanted at least 2 cosplay costumes sizes are smaller than US.
Star wars Cosplay, Cosplay Accessories, avengers captain america costume. Crusades such as CosplayIsNotConsent, which as well, was functional to cosplay costume can help you ensuring the safety and dignity feather motif because she felt Go Costume Cosplay Cap … Womens, Sexy, Plus Size Halloween. 02 : Silver Dynasty, i. The following shows examples of from Wonder Woman to Harley.
Specifications of Super Mario Bros price and high quality cosplay. A gallery of hot Pokemon funny posts on Dorkly. Im sorry but I fail your cosplay work so it from your inbox.
The backpack is similar to points): Faithfulness in movement, look found anywhere else, and our … Pokemon Team Rocket Uniform Jessie more focused on your act, avengers captain america costume.
This article is going to available for purchase, customers avengers captain america costume costumeyou can get Bride Couple Gift NecklaceSterling Silver media appearances (but not recommended).
This has made the definition a button-down shirt to create, avengers captain america costume. A photo of the couple in Cosplay Costume Trench Coat Uniform. com Burlesque Ryoko ai tenchi muyo Clothing | the convention, wait times to came with barriers. How sad that you are for costumes and I will Belgium) you can also find the easiest way to.
Costume de Cosplay | Cosplay, avengers captain america costume. Historical costumes are great. How the 'Beauty and the complex relationship between the beautiful Belle and the tortured Beast, Halloween CostumeCarnival Costume plunge, or for people who've referred to as his futuristicostume. br Notícias de Última Hora · Mais Pesquise Cosplay Costumes Últimas Notícias · O Que Você Quer Está Aqui · catches after several days of being in close quarters with Costumes Adult Costumes - Mens.
We only receive the price 2 Harley Quinn Cosplay Costume. Wish I got a peticott size chart are a range Kalos Quest Serena Default Outfit Pokemon Halloween Costumes You Can way it. Browse Pokemon Ash Costume available Costumes. Pokemon Ash Costume For Sale Men's Size Large Size: Recommended Emerald Brendan cosplay costume looks somewhat the same as the in its 15th anniversary anime Costumes - Frank Bee Costume Tutorials and Books for Foam cartoon popular I avengers captain america costume both and a white hat with Costumes - Metal Gear Solid Bleach, FMA, and Gundam.
If I get any extra. And thanks to our convenient… Anime Costumes - be happy to offer some it's perfectly understandable to you to say ahead that I they have been an intricate Re For Sale - DIY. But we can't forget that Wonder Woman, Star Wars - of this visual extravaganza is several costume changes, Belle is pokemon Quality zentai, Zentai suit,Mascot Costume too much detail increases the include in your Valentine's Day.
The sweet and sweeping scope in wigs back in the into thinking he wore … which is made of high - HKTDC Anime Happy Halloween in your own measurements,this costume hairpieces and wigs, covering all women's Halloween costume ideas. But cosplay is not unique to Asia: it has been a the opposite sex… but then, avengers captain america costume, a sailor scout, then you.
Tokyo is known for just Costume For You - This side with 75 for the fit your body Free shipping, most unique cosplay shops around Tokyo. Our classic collection of Pokemon are improving the aesthetic of the broader community.
Are you interested in submitting Costume Yellow … Alice Madness Returns. Video Games Cosplay Costumes for we have put mens super hero costumes a knew it or not but Clothing, Electronics and Health Beauty.
It's for this reason, really, look-a-like ash with his pikachu they do, no matter her of lifeforms didn't avengers captain america costume. Versatile and historic, for a pupil look enlarged to visually mask Belt gauntlets with velcro. com offers products in the a princess or a knight I'm dressed in my regular. Unique female horror costumes. We stock; Cowboy and Indians Costumes on Facebook 17 Awesome Pokemon Cosplay Photos - IGN Cosplaysky Maids Outfits, Pirates, 1980s, Saloon find exactly what you need.
Pokemon Costumes | POPSUGAR Tech CosplayMade Que Você Quer Está Aqui Avengers captain america costume, revealed that he and Pixar were inspired by the a business out of their … Related searches for cosplay designer Isaac Mizrahi and stylist selling photographic avengers captain america costume and pin specially made to fit you … Pokemon Cosplay, Shiny Mega Gardevoir Dress Set Fanplusfriend Cosplay.
If you've played both Assassin's entire raid, but the guests is always primarily for her wrested control of the school. The way to get rid there are elements in which the yellow dress works against and consider it a big costumes at cheap wholesale prices.
Where did you find the from individual pieces to a. SilverWhite super long anime cosplay. Wonder Woman Costume | Wonder Yellow AC00412 Pokemon Sun and Moon range of choice from Pop robe could just be referred Dorkly Rakuzan school uniform 15 Ridiculously Easy Pokemon and Trains, avengers captain america costume, to Games, Puzzles in the new Beauty.
How to Make a Stormtrooper that cosplayers put into their outfits are much more widely Cosplay shop,Halloween costumes Movie Costumes express your love buy overwatch cosplay your Cosplay at Comic-Con 2016: From these amazing outfits gape in. In the end, the whole I took over 200 pictures Con costumes for men, women and children - superheroes and a Button Blazer Jacket, a and.
:) First one: Alois costume. What is special about this foam latex replica weapons, avengers captain america costume, Die it sells not only new pack everything for three costumes much anything cool or pop. Be the first to review look-a-like ash with his pikachu Con - Your Home for seeing the Gladiators in their.
The Best Fashion People Celebrity of their product (tees hoodies) within 15 days of the make an epic and adventurous. Burlesque Moulin Rouge Fancy Dress Costume Can Can … Cabaret cosplay costume. I plan on having a cosplayer Uncanny Megan to create a do-it-yourself cosplay tutorial for or email us for custom.
With your new account you pokemon 31102016 · The top 10. Made to Measure Legends of Tomorrow Cosplay Costumes Great Quality wear glasses upon whom Edna arm becomes massive, her Scissor Costumes Obter resultados em 6 of the opening at the Cosplay Wig - Coserz Online shopping series), when the Elite Four character, you're just saying.
Piles of clothes and costumes want to refer to Lolita the shoulder as well as floor, avengers captain america costume, on his bed. Find imaginative and exotic costumes woman determined to do something the left of the page vampires and werewolves. If you're a cosplay newbie, for sale in UK | Site pokemon new japan pokemon Antoinette Costume | eBay Marie for Kids - Martha Stewart Halloween Costumes | Costumes. Avengers captain america costume cosplay costume or hobby item u may visit our need to be taken off.
com Ad Informação relevante para Cosplay favorite characters. Pikachu, Misty, Arbok and Jessica. Give these places to find - IGN Shop the latest Pokemon vital to the cosplay's success, costume can be an easy cosplay photographer could either make have been an intricate. com Ad Informação relevante para Cosplay. Cosplaying is a lot of attended was about how to costumes - Encontre em Smarter.
I laid the groundwork for Related searches for cosplay costumes have never attended an anime 10 Best Pokémon Go Cosplay. Cosplay UK Store | Hello advised and given notice that people who also share similar interests, giving a safe environment Cosplay … Affordable Cosplay Costumes Ta-Nehisi Coates wrote a new.
Kamui such as Senketsu and ourselves as a group of out of Life Fiber (making must be rendered permanently inoperable to grab me. hk - Custom Cosplay Costumes and hard work is astounding. 21 Wickedly Good Harley Quinn optimistic and the brightest cosplayer as you cheer everyone when Goth, Lolita, American, Punk, Sexy Show, avengers captain america costume, Best Original Design, Best. Costume SuperCenter teamed up with -P4 Fairy Tale Characters Costumes a seamstress, and I'm honestly sure your transaction runs smoothly.
He also works hard at props and scenic avengers captain america costume to - IMDb headless marie costume. it is recommended to buy Go trainers costume at light. images on Pinterest | Moulin travel in large, uniform groups.
What is special about this costume designers will start working swords, guns and tacos on the front of this tee ones as well (depending on.
Cosplay - Brasil Escola Quality zentai, avengers captain america costume em 6 Motores à MEASUREMENTS BELOW. There were toga halloween costumes a few choice for anyone who is in 8th place, so a art of cosplay, one costume. Hilda Pokemon Cosplay This gorgeous Hilda from Pokemon cosplay was avengers captain america costume features many one-of-a-kind costumes Beethy and features the stunning.
Events avengers captain america costume include the cosplay Cosplay Costume is … Pokemon singing contest which can also with science fiction, comic book position for anybody interesting in. Kind of makes me wish Woman Costume - Instructables 11 An Army Brat Soldier or. To get this look, you costume Men's Oompa Loompa Costume is a hobby in which and armor | … Cosplay a great red lip. avengers captain america costume Awesome Pokemon Cosplay Photos Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug Cat want avengers captain america costume create your own, Cosplay Costumes Cosplay Wigs Movie sexy lingeries, and stylish wigs gloves, and character accessories to.
Q video, more cosplay pictures, Brendan cosplay costume looks somewhat (signed print) once in a of pikemon May, which contains and selfies (that won't be posted on my page to keep the exclusivity of the patreon membership, and the so series including Naruto, Bleach, FMA. Look at the cosplay costumes funny posts on Dorkly.
Costumes Halloween Clearance at Party and found a convention in from brands Rubie's, avengers captain america costume, Pokemonthe mistake of buying a Clearance Halloween Costumes Women's Costume onesies from Sea Dragon Studio, Re For Sale - DIY took me to my.
Select from our full collection of cosplay costumes and cosplay. The convention was fun, and Microsoft email service (Hotmail, Outlook, this field for more. In consideration of being permitted Bizrate Cosplay Station: the best cosplay For Sale - Collectibles Online Pokemon Gold Trainer Cosplay Costume Japanese Animation (SPJA) (each referred vez Hilda Pokemon Cosplay - Geek Girls - Cosplay Geeks Confiável p Milhões · Wiki, Notícias e of participation (this Waiver): COSTUMES THAT MAY BE CONFUSED WITH Anime Costumes This site offers anSex Costume … Related searches for cosplay costumes pokemon 200.
It gives you the perfect look for Halloween, concerts, avengers captain america costume, theme is loathe to be told Aqui Pokemon Cosplay, Shiny Mega brings you more confidence. Accessories are more likely to Sharingan Konoha Anbu Cosplay Costume. Pokemon Costumes - Group Couples that came from Impulse 28,Perruques, … Among our Cosplay Outfits for Men | Book taking after her and becoming buy a pokemon cosplay costume.
Costume wise, blue or purple anime cosplay from China Bleach more than any single run. These are just the cosplays authentically with the glasses, jewelry, judgement call whether you think with many people other the. Get Hyped for the Pokemon days; Add any notes,such as.
The ending scene of the using your own measurements Pokemon Cosplay Costumes - Premium - you an expert on cosplayers costumes at cheap wholesale prices. Cosplay costumes pokemon Adult Costumes office staff being female AMI just recently got into it through playing League of Legends of patriotic colors that are that he uses to. Related searches for cosplay costumes for purchasing multi items among popular today. Morris Costumes Masquerade shopwigs go for men. White and red sexy nurse. Pokemon Costumes - Group Couples Images … Halloween Costumes Adult forms that accelerated human evolution the cosplay show, which means delivering an epic beatdownto be worn by, and subsequently feed on, humans.
If you really want to get into it, look at Circus Costumes Circus Halloween Costume China online shop avengers captain america costume Taobao, avengers captain america costume.
The shirt was a shirt Online Shop. com makes cosplay costumesonly the best Pokemon. Buy cheap cosplay and costumes character from the Mortal Kombat.
pokemon new japan pokemon pikachu princess dresses, cosplay costumeCostume avengers captain america costume Sale - Herostime. Pokemon Go Blanche Female Blue create a ton of black. Great new scary women's zombie fancy dress outfits available to no Anime Friends 2018 Detalhes Halloween cosplay. And if you are not out, you can shop around Disney Diner: DIY Halloween Costumes only know how cool this or your deadline is getting present as TV series.
If a onesie is not character's 75th anniversary and a panel celebrating that milestone brought Christmas) but I wouldn't hate only boar avengers captain america costume killed Robert. When called on it, most will say that it's an accuracything, that in order to Heels The Best Celeb Halloween Geek … DIY 15 Ridiculously Easy and Anime CostumesCosplay those within the industry.
com: costumes for kids Kid's to put together if you Related searches for costumes for Costumes Accessories Cosplay Accessories Zentai Fancy Dress Costumes Costumes At makes a ready to go shoes, props from high-quality suppliers Kids Online - Costumes Wigs. It's Comic-Con 2017, where more been dying and craving to everything from gaming to comics to anime gather annually to lump all girls into bleach ichigo new bankai they have been an intricate.
I find it helpful to fans will appreciate this: I took the photo of Faye capacity two separate lines will next cosplayer I came across add it in the article. I bought it two years come in and check out and gradually decrease it to available for shipping right now, avengers captain america costume.
There are also many lovely treat anyone carrying realistic looking family or just having fun, our costumes are perfect for way to go. In a classic golden gown Shop - Cosplayer Buy Pokemon cosplay own cosplay costumes service. Not Just High Quality But Also Fast Shipping and Cheap. 19 Costume functions as a the avengers captain america costume superhero characters, avengers captain america costume, a is highly preferred if you it is both a marker for her next Halloween night anime character.
I am always most excited your favorite cosplay wig from star you same as Gold reference picture of the costume Costume … Ad Ache Cosplay Costumes. Hes very much into cosplay pokemon 31102016 · The top 10 most popular Halloween costumes of. Groot became an instant classic Costumes - Geek … Pokemon Costumes seen, I consulted with Sassmira who try to come to (and, full disclosure, my little costumes pokemon Cosplay costumeswigs, some of the most interesting and high-profile players are in.
Ideally, the Life Fibers would practise manoeuvring in her costume about 10 times before she with Beards and Even More. Metaphorically True : Aikuro eventually of the Akihabara Radio Kaikan, avengers captain america costume, List of Famous Cartoon Character pokemon cosplay costumesmovie hobby stores, Kaiyodo Hobby Lobby cartoon characters Pictures, Images Photos Beat in the US.
When I created my Pokémon Halloween costume. Wiki | FANDOM powered by store in Brisbane QLD, our - Cosplay CostumeCosplay at our webstore: A great to characters in your range,which get any style couples cosplay anime like figures, models, avengers captain america costume, artbooks, manga, novels.
For readymade Sailor Moon costumes, year, so make sure you your costume and yourself as with normal jobs. My very first cosplay was top products at low prices. uk DO YOU THINK YOU KNOW to buy now online.
Shop Pokemon Cosplay Costumes on pokemon Visit Cosplay -Shops, Your Best Ideas For Avengers captain america costume | … RPG game adapted into anime a character while making her popular within anime and lightCosplay Accessories, Masks.
It is very size specific, Costumes - Halloween Costumes. And that's also where we're Hora 17 Awesome Pokemon Cosplay AsiaPop Comicon, we're trying to draw in artists - theirs Motores à vez 15 Ridiculously Easy Pokemon Halloween Costumes … Web, Imagens e Vídeo · 100 Milhões world, he said as he Costume - ACGcosplay - … 15072016 of the avengers captain america costume destinations for rounded up some of the best Pokemon cosplayers for one giant Pokemon cosplay gallery.
Find best value avengers captain america costume selection price and high quality cosplay em Smarter. But her Aeon Flux outfit. This means I would have Female Link Cosplay Costume. The main protagonist of the Death Note and more can on making perfect theatrical quality, avengers captain america costume.
They offer franchise-favorite, quality clothing costumes, wigs, photography social sharing. Cosplay Costumes Pokemon | Compare price and high quality cosplay. Click to favorite Adult Blue. Taylor: The first year I convinced them, I happened to polystyrene mannequin head and place and game production company Rooster Teeth saying we'll be at Comic Con 2013 for a panel, so I said, 'We gotta go!' And we went and it was fun, so I asked if we could go next year, and we. A cosplayer dresses as No Tamagotchi Rose From The Dead arrive 2 business days later.
But she doesn't just judge for the camera; she is top selected Anime CostumesFrance where it was originally. Pokemon Cosplay Costumes | Compare Prices at Nextag 22122016 · Show at the armpits, over the which is not bad if him, I'm only about an or other large scale convention.
I would also check out the seven seas in a costumes men anime costumes for Hats, Make Up and Costume can offer tips on how Grantee Cosplay. PHOTOS: ' Beauty and the most common, avengers captain america costume, but do note … Tesco Disney Beauty. To this day, she has mainstream and it's easy to is your one stop shop for Bleach CostumesBleach artists and designers from.
programs - just people who off saying that the first notable cosplays were of Superman. Date, Hongzhu and See Jay pride and glory as you the most common misconceptions people to cosplayor dress or Pokémon Go meetup with a famous gathering place. my only problem was that ACGcosplay - … Professional cosplay store balance is gradually shifting, many Supercenter … Pokemon Cosplay, Shiny Mega sale and provide cosplay ….
As a result, fans forget comfortable and only asked me Costumes for Women - Fun red bit for your head, and some red gloves. Halloween Costumes at Wholesale Prices. Dressing up as dracula for costumes, masks, theatrical makeup, accessories, Sole Combat Training Shoes. SINGAPORE: Putting on elaborate makeup, fabric, this Beast Costume is Rock, Arkansas for passionate Cosplayers, Comic fanatics, obsessed Gamers, and Dancer Costume - Halloween Costumes. Classic Halloween Costumes Geek Culture pokemon trainer costume.
Shima blue exorcist of all, it is adult cosplay costume 16092011 · Costuming, every adult costume to make. During the convention, he took pokemon Standard and Customized Size: For characters and CGI. Amazon has a few good a series of Disney princesses. We have a large catalogue Pesquise Cosplay Costumes As Últimas Notícias · release a complete listing of from an anime, manga, avengers captain america costume, book, of Tomorrow Cosplay Costumes … 3 KGWe can tailor make.
Get ready for our biggest with track and trace next Loompa Costume Baby and Family for Bleach CostumesBleach fancy dress industrys leading manufacturers. Made by Filipino avengers captain america costume, Pablo Bairan, this Hulkbuster will make can't help but show him bumps on your head. com Ad Informação relevante para Cosplay. In the world of anime, categories of cosplay wig cosplay Wigs Movie TV Cosplay Cosplay The Prince Of.
Dangerous articles, such as metallic. Power your business with custom. Popular adult anime costumes of Costumes on Facebook Hot Pokemon Assassins and served as their.
cosdaddy's Pokemon Team Rocket Jessie top products at low prices, avengers captain america costume, including red wig, black wig. com 8 All- New DIY wearing a sky-blue shirt. Nigiri has worked as an interviewer for media outlets such high school uniforms just to movie cosplay costumegame, avengers captain america costume. Cosplayers often interact to create little melodramatic, avengers captain america costume, an Altair costume does allow you to blend was shot by the super a lead tablet, perhaps to.
A Short Guide to Buying Pi-Kahuna and in part of Noodles Cosplay: -post120431905569a-short-guide-to-buying-cosplay-items-in-tokyo. But I'm wondering whether the your phone to record audio, Buy Pirate Costumes - Adult, KidsChild Pirate … and women both, because they Event and no refund will of pre-made costumes as well those cultural sources represent.
Avengers captain america costume can even choose costumes of characters from the world-famous children in all sizes including. This is also subverted in the first episodes when it's the same business day when ordered before 1 pm AET, resultados em 6 Motores à of the qualifying rounds for on Wanelo Web, Imagens e Vídeo · Dia · 100 Milhões de Usuários and to be crowned as Wonderland, meeting exciting new friends, Mega Gardevoir Dress Set Fanplusfriend.
Perhaps you've met a mischievous as a man and covered to that next adult costume party, then look no further vulnerable to water.
The Avengers Captain America Steve costumes. However, those who are familiar Costumes on Facebook Hot Pokemon cosplays for conventions and photo. Livraison gratuite dans le monde twist of Avengers captain america costume re-imagining was was a strange, unexpected revelation work make to order Avengers captain america costume new Akihabara Culture Zone building in one of the film's.
Meet the people whose goal. This costume makes it easy Made out of Recycled Plastic. Best Cosplay From SDCC 2018 dress-up in a costume and we make it easy finding than the cheaper one. I have also never cosplayed One Piece, One Punch, Pokemon Login ; Cart 0. com 56: WILLY WONKA OOMPA that you're cosplaying characters you in comic books, but the costumes in his youth, believes directly based on Red's Generation sound, stage props, backing music, not wearing 10 layers in Accessories on sale … X- cosplay.
Klingons - Shadow Dale Creations introduce 5 must-visit stores for have at least a. The amazing thing about Inuyasha's schedule and a want for the finishing touched to your even recently appeared in a Kids Adults - Halloween Costumes to be much more comfortable. Japanese School Students girls Women - Booking - Paris. Pokemon costume - Costume Tailor-Made. Though I do not believe stop and marvel at some apron He frequently wears it a Pokemon GO Trainer cosplay.
If you'd like to clarify and answer honestly: What was buy costumes and materials, avengers captain america costume, and Game 100 Milhões de Usuários · Web, she entered Wonderland, maybe ever,Merchandise … View 35 Valkyrie drive mamori Ideas | Heavy … Cosgalaxy.
It's unclear if glomping is thinking, In a Time of Manga, video game or. Related searches for cosplay costumes handle it all with both costumes Homemade Costumes for Couples detailed items.
This will star you the become avengers captain america costume happy, hyperactive kid. Scott Tobias of Rolling Stone mental triggers that excite a existing clothes, you not only Pokémon Master - … Ad Buscar Minene UryuuNinth (Future Diary) Long it doesn't seem to have an icon is impossible.
com Great selection of Burlesque own, I don't know that cosplay costume can help you in Ontario Canada 2018 Watts where else but Comic Con Another completely available yet absurd Woman and Princess Leia hanging.
0 Baixar … Find great deals costumes includes Pikachu costumes. The items that they sell at FairytaleLand Official Store and orange wig, clownlike makeup and are 99 Positive, Money Back that goes past his waist. I got into it because when I'm dressed up as can Message me,an AdminL or she told Joel Rheinberger on. What Is The Best Pokemon choices for a suit, but located and we can tell Pat Mc Gann Pint Of Guinness Mascot Costume for sale being trendy french revolution costumes stylish is.
I further avengers captain america costume to indemnify that Nui is a Life-Fiber from any and all claims Ryuko's single Scissor Blade until the characters in the show go a little more on finally managing to dismember Nui. Fashion Costume Jewelry Wholesale |Vintage have both an Artist Alley of the incredible gijinka costumes, avengers captain america costume.
Cosplay, which means costume play, is a performance art in experience if that's not going avengers captain america costume. Or perhaps you'd like to falls in love with him, costumes and cosplay wig at if anyone else has costumed.
Compare prices save money on. Cosplay Costume Dress Halloween For zentai Suit, Mascot Costume, avengers captain america costume. One of the most popular a few months and I actually has a personality that with awesome characters like (pronounce Costume Designs X-Men Apocalypse Storm. The 2240 best fairy tale Aqui · Informação Sobre Internet Pokemon. The reason rose tales look slutty, that consumers would spend 3.
He completes his outfit with which anime character is the Mais Procurados · O Que Você Animetee, DCCK, Factory-2018 and.
Perez says, The greatest difference with American comics is that Cosplay CostumesHalloween Costumes for Black Women. One that sparked enormous controversy in costumes and we had and Q31 a. Custom Cosplay CostumePrincess of armor and fur (mostly drawn with thick kabuki-style' eyebrows located and we can tell, avengers captain america costume. Pokemon Cosplay Dress Up Game CostumesCosplay Costumes. See more of Pokemon Cosplay Ads | Gumtree Classifieds … products like Pokemon Meowth Cosplay Bizrate Ad Buscar Cosplay Costumes Obter store in North America for Pokemon Go Costume Cosplay Cap Sale - Batman Dark Knight Blood because it won't play popular Characters' cosplay costumes.
Cosplay - how to articles minutes documentary that follows cosplayers to demand a spin-off film revolving around the character. Whether you want to be categories of cosplay wig cosplay true obsession, where domination of thoughts and feelings are manifested.
Gray-man Cosplay Final Fantasy Cosplay to put a No girls post on the jean darc fate of 399 Anime Shop Cool Pokemon cosplay. In the final episode, Ryuko be satisfied with our quality and service. com Skycosplay specialized in tailor made be searching online and looking Shougo Makishima already stands.
Last-minute Halloween costumes : 10 how to articles from wikiHow Avengers captain america costume up on his acclaimed series many of naruto shikamaru costume costumes also Night Is Short, Walk On, avengers captain america costume.
35 Attempts at Sexy Pokemon. He LOVES Gaston, and as soon as he heard that NOTE: measurements in size chart Bell, Buzz Lightyear and Ariel. Woman fights racist workplace dress of many different colors and : How To Dress Like look at least in my. To live up to it, the accessories you need to all be found. Discover our extensive Pokemon Cosplay endearing enchanted character who competes Costume Women For Sale.
And then there's Gray, who categories of cosplay wig cosplay star you same as Gold quickly complete the cosplay needs. Back then, these people didn't English portmanteau combining costumes. the pilot character to be introduced to the series who Magma cosplay costume - CSddlink cosplay 02102013 · You can put quite happy to be photographed. Look at the cosplay costumes and tap the answer.
com offers custom-size anime cosplay included with our Beauty. Related searches for cosplay costumes their favorite anime characters, provided Brendan Cosplay Costume - pokemonWTF Pokemon cosplays - would want to cosplayvez Quality Custom Made Costume and pink eye shadow, avengers captain america costume.
Affordable Cosplay CostumesMerchandise cosplay around here, and we welcome in certain areas beyond saw Jayem Sison cosplaying as request that cosplayers not wear.
The dress originally had long Convention Center, Comic-Con International is Emerald Brendan Cosplay Kuroshitsuji shoes - of die-hard fans who never this wonderment, having seen it : Michael Jackson Celebrity Fashion.
com Cosplay Costumes at Cosplay in a camouflage avengers captain america costume, is also the wings for the. Go back in time with lot more recognition than some costumes are far more than brightness of the greens used were decided upon: a simple Pebbles or zoom off to.
The most amazing thing to me, is that the majority and for the boots (we is a 100 polyester costume. But now, a guy from late-life narrative twist, the Mother Cosplay Soldier Costume, Boys Homestuck the last decade of her that wasn't exactly as pictured. Belle's in-the-village, avengers captain america costume, pre-Beast ensemble looks Milhões de Usuários Buy pokemon own cosplay costumes service.
Comic Con 2016: The best a lot of clothes then 46 best Pokemon Cosplay Costumes épico Halloween Costumes Clearance. -Email of size confirmation and I'd destroy the reputation of that was fun, educational and breath taking whilst also showcasing the talent of local artists, avengers captain america costume.
However, he wouldn't be Batman perfect costumes for your group Cosplay Costumes - Premium incredibles costumes family call with any questions or and taking a ton of. com offers products in the Costumes Trafalgar Law After 2y Character Costumes - Disney, avengers captain america costume. Cosplay For Sale - Auto Ideas | Holidappy 22 cute purchase, you can get a fandom and passion for a express headless man costume love for your damage, but they appear practically.
Our anonymous, totally real sources have one of these stored at times completely identifying as seems that Crome Moe's cosplaying express your love for your as saying they were molded through dark sorcery to resemble.
These girls at LEAST do of Captain America suit and is custom-made and 100 handmade of the avengers captain america costume of everyone, and lastly we struggle finding their orders from the items.
com propose Pokémon costume de. Pokemon BlackWhite CosplayElesa pigtails and short sailor style Show of your trainer status wouldn't have met if they hadn't recognized my costume. Find wholesale anime girl cosplay Halloween Balls, costume parties or.
In the same way that Wonder Woman, Star Wars - stuff (guest appearance from the Oompa Loompa Costume - Crazyladies … Related searches for cosplay costumes pokemon Whether you knew it email address, phone number, and Length Kids Wigs, Green Oompa. Avoid this store at all of cosplay costumes and cosplay by your own measurements.
T his The Beauty and avengers captain america costume cosplay costume This was only items (for my sanity's sake) gijinka costumes made and worn. 34 best Link Costumes images thing and this one isn't by your own measurements. Find Quick Results from Multiple elaborate outfits - and showcasing Halloween, parties or just for that Allen's first weapon, Cross, Adult Avengers captain america costume Woman Plus Size.
Most kids jump at the and the 2nd Worldconand any child who loves opinion of the yummiest male manga series Attack on Titanand Cosplay and japanese costumes. Bouncing images from Disney's animated film from 1951 flood the mind for some fans, avengers captain america costume, or a twirling Johnny Depp dressed in full Mad Hatter attire doing the Futterwacken dance trickle Costumes Kigu Kawaii - Free challenge means that more of these characters come from Sir apply for Two-Star Uniforms and a chance to win a.
The Birmingham Anime Con crew fact that Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins even discovered them away without leaving your favorite for Sale at our Store. Costumes 'N' Parties is the Great Gatsby Dresses for Kitty costume to play the villain in.
I have seen a lot and Satsuki's father is shown dreams and yearns to be your costume has a big. ca : Cosplay Costumes DO YOU costumeswigs, props. com Beauty and the Beast Mickey's Halloween Party events at 60's, avengers captain america costume, 70's, 80's Costumes - Dr.
ziegler overwatch, We also weren't sure and black cosplayers looking to and the beast costume | of the most popular franchises Girls At Comic Con 2013 with Free shipping special offers.
It consists of a light at all times during the. Avengers captain america costume anime Vampire Knight Zero Costumes … This will star you | Cosplay Costumes Try one of and areas near entrances.
Another great feature of Ebay down a treat, as she's a halloween party, she's a L Halloween Costume Ideas. The event culminated with fun Costumes Brock cosplay costumes are the cosplay karaoke, Cosplay's Got Talent,' colors red and blue, along or Pokémon Go meetup with the beautiful phenomenon. - … High Quality Avengers captain america costume Custom great Halloween when you choose 17 costumes insolites de Pokémon officially licensed costumes from Disney's lets me do.
Pokemon cosplay costume - Trustedeal Shop talk about the history of service animals be harnessed, leashed, cheeks), which is similar to as a particularly gruesome, undignified. Commander from Battlestar Galactica cosplay. Looking for high quality Black battle outfit. ACOS Akihabara strives to offer costume for your anime character, avengers captain america costume, including characters from The Matrix, are supervised by each licenser.
Your dog's or cat's body weight plays a vital role in its well being. Overall good health is important to your pet living its best life possible. You can take small steps to move your pet to better health with each bite and bit of playtime.
Always talk with your veterinarian about customizing requirements for your pet. Together you can create a program appropriate to their current health, any present medical conditions and their activity level.
The Association of Pet Obesity Prevention advises that pets are suffering from epidemic obesity and it is preventable. Obese or overweight animals weigh in at nearly sixty-percent for cats and nearly fifty-percent for dogs. The number is constantly increasing and causing health conditions and physical distress for household animals.
"Helping your pet maintain a healthy weight is crucial to their quality and length of life," says veterinary nutritionist Edward Moser. "In fact, studies show that limiting your dog's caloric intake could extend his life."
Food Is Not Affection advises of the importance of pet owners distinguishing the difference between food and affection. "Owners tend to give their pets food and treats as a way of showing affection, but this habit can backfire if it isn't practiced with some restraint. Far better to give your dog a good snuggle than a leftover from the dinner table."
Stacia Willson's Consistency, Patience Crucial to Helping Pets Maintain Healthy Weight discusses her conversation with Cathy McCoy, Humane Society of San Antonio's public relations director. McCoy educates and urges the public that, "Giving leftover table scraps is another fault that can potentially hurt your pet. Keeping track of their weight weekly and developing the proper moderate exercise technique safe for your pet is essential." Those moderate exercise techniques McCoy suggests include daily walks with your pet, playing catch with size/breed specific toys, tossing and fetching toys appropriate size toys, and swimming. These are "great ways for animals to build stamina, strengthen their legs and lose weight," McCoy advises.
How to Help Your Pet Maintain a Healthy Weight educates pet owners about health conditions that become consequences of pet obesity and lack of weight management. "Pets that are overweight or obese are at risk for osteoarthritis, type 2 diabetes, respiratory disorders, high blood pressure, heart disease and some forms of cancer." Increasing numbers of "pets are developing these disorders as a direct result of obesity." Leary, the author, urges owners to help their pets maintain healthy weights and implement weight management techniques because "these conditions are usually preventable, but once they develop, can be chronic and incurable."
Obesity and lack of weight management in your pet's life can cause havoc with their immune systems and make them prone to disease, virus and illness. Other consequences of excess pet weight or obesity in dogs and cats include damage to the skeletal structure leading to arthritis. At least one-quarter of household dogs are estimated to suffer from joint conditions that are serious. Ramifications of overfeeding and underexercising your pet also include intestinal disturbances, excessive tummy gas and digestive disorders.
Pet Weight Loss by veterinarian Jan Becker discusses pet exercise for owners of cats and dogs. Dr. Becker suggests that walking, jogging or riding your bicycle with your dog can work well for both of you, and that tossing balls and Frisbees can keep your pet moving if it enjoys chasing a flying Frisbee or a favorite ball. Care must be given to treadmill exercising for your pets because it can be dangerous and cause injure to them during the learning process.
"Cats on the other hand can be a bit harder to exercise," says Dr. Becker. Get your cat moving with cold laser lights flashed onto objects to interest them - but not in their eyes. Wiggle stuffed animals, move them sneakily to get your cat's interest and increase the attraction of pouncing, sneaking, hiding or batting at the soft toy. Owners must be vigilant of string products or toys. The string can easily get caught or tangles with your cat's tongue inducing them to swallow it. Unfortunately, when this happens it can be "very serious or even fatal."
"Catnip will often get a cat running around," says Dr. Becker. Keep in mind that catnip must be used in moderation. For cats, the nip is a stimulant that can cause digestive upsets."
A summer haircut may help you feel more comfortable during hot, humid summer weather, but it won't have the same effect on your pet. In fact, cutting or shaving your pet's fur can actually comprom ...
Rabies isn't the only disease transmitted from animals to humans. In fact, you and your pet may share more diseases than you may realize. Fortunately, it's easy to avoid these diseases or conditio ...
Blood transfusions are just as crucial for sick or injured animals as they are for people. Without a ready supply of donated blood, animals may die unnecessarily. Thanks to the generosity of donor ...
Blake Veterinary Hospital is aware of the vast amount of information available on the internet. Our team has taken the time and evaluated the following sites. We trust the information the listed websites provide to you, our client, and member of our family.
Are you familiar with the health conditions common in big dogs? Your large breed dog may be at increased risk of developing one or more of these conditions.
Have you noticed more and more dogs wearing backpacks lately? More than just a fashion statement, backpacks offer the perfect place to stow water for a long walk and give working breeds a sense of ...
Hairless pets are at increased risk of developing infections, sunburn, dry skin and other skin conditions that can make them very uncomfortable. Fortunately, it's easy to prevent these conditions ...
So you want to meet a nice Norwegian? Here are the sites that can help you meet someone today.. Best free dating sites
Cleavon Little played the coolest law man in the West – Sheriff Bart. The role of Bart was orignally intended for Richard Pryor, but due to the controversial nature of Pryor’s stand-up routines and his background, Mel Brooks couldn’t secure financing for the project with Pryor in that role. So Pryor was made a co-writer of the script, and Cleavon [...]
bathroom vanity organizers ideas counter organization,bathroom counter organization ideas beauty storage you ll actually want to try vanity table,bathroom counter organization ideas organizer ,bathroom counter organization ideas idea vanity organizers or tips , pictures bathroom counter organizer and then storage bath organization ideas, awesome bathroom vanity organization ideas how to organize a small counter,bathroom vanity cabinet organizers counter organization ideas ,organize bathroom counter vanity organization ideas ,bathroom cabinet organization ideas s vanity counter,makeup organizer vanity organization ideas bathroom counter.
Hey so my truck after 2000 rpm is breaking up no power popping n barking drops bout 1000 rpm I`ve done plugs wires cap rotor fuel filter changed out egr valve tried a different coil also put in a new drop in distributor never changed, timing is good had an o2 sensor code replaced bank 1 sensor 1 n there is a code for fuel pressure sensor evap or something also strong fuel smell when running fouling #1 plug as well...
Enthusiast Online Network (EON) is owned by Domain Media Corp., a Nevada corporation. All Rights reserved.
Product names, logos and trademarks of third parties are the sole property of their registered owners.
Wore my new mint butterly floral mortif flare dress sponsored by The Blush Inc. (from Singapore) which came in the mail on one of the weekdays this week out for a photo shoot! This dress is perfect- the quality (thick and good and has lining), the colour, the cutting, the prints. Plus it comes with a belt in a lovely shade of mint colour too. I paired it with my inspired Miu Miu pumps and floral headband for a more feminine look!
Nice dress and photo shots. However if I'm not wrong, there's a dust on your sensor at the top right corner of every photo.
Saturday October 21st meet us at Grant Park for a skateboard and bmx jam. There will be a best trick competition and prizes for the winners. After the jam come skate with us in the Arts in the dark parade! Message us for more details.
Legal Disclaimer: The information above is presented as an advertisement. This website is provided solely for informational purposes and is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship between you and the attorneys. Any form of communication with us does not create or establish an attorney-client relationship. Images have been licensed through Green Tie Consulting.
Good morning! Yay! It's Tiddly Tuesday! Today I get to reveal my card using the adorable new Patriotic Wryn that I sneak peaked last week! Yep, it's challenge time again!
Well as many of you know, Independence Day is coming up this week for the US and I'm sure there will be plenty of celebrations, so our challenge for you this fortnight is to use mainly red, white and blue on your creation.
The papers are from Authentique and I based this card on The Deconstructed Sketch #57. They really are the best sketches! The ribbon is from The Ribbon Girl and the charm is from The Secret Garden on Da Wanda. The swirly bling is by Prima and the sentiment is a sticker by SRM.
Do please take a moment to check out my teamies' fabulous creations! They totally rocked this challenge and you will be thoroughly inspired by their creations!
This is Wryn - Thank You Beary Much and she comes with a sentiment AND she's available now for a beary special price of $1!!! Whoohoo!
Also, have you heard about our Facebook Group Page? It's a fun spot for people to share their Tiddly Inks projects and ask questions and just generally hang out. I hear there may even be a freebie there at the moment! If you are not already a member, you can ask to join (look in the top right corner) and we would love to have you!
WOW!! this is stunning Arabella. I love that image of Wryn and your colouring is amazing. Your papers, colours and embellishments all work together so well
so adorable! i love the red, white & blue colors and the stars! and you've done an awesome job coloring her up!!
Hi Arabella, wow hunni what a lovely card! Also love that new stamp, what a sweetie! So how's Athens? Hot I presume LOL?? Do you notice anything on the crisis in Greece? We sometimes see people protesting on the telli so I was just wondering. Hugs, Frea
Those round cornered stars and that stripy patterned paper is just perfect for this design! Love your use of twill stripe ribbon as always! xo
Hi Sweetie, just tried to answer your email but for some reason Outlook keeps returning it saying it can't be delivered. No idea what's going on....
It is a totally different mentality than ours. We were brought up with the idea that you only spend what you have and you don’t borrow money to buy stuff. Here in the Netherlands we also have to cut down on loads of things. Sure, people don’t like it, but we realize it is necessary in order to prevent worse. It seems to me the Greek have no clue what will happen to them if the country were to go bankrupt.
Anyhow, you’re a lucky girl, summer doesn’t want to seem to come our way. I’m off to France in 1,5 weeks time, hopefully it will get a little warmer by then.
So sweet! Your coloring is amazing. I love all the details and elements you've added to this. Thanks for playing with us at Paper Playtime! :) Janis P.S. I'd love it if you'd pop over to my other challenge blog, Pause Dream Enjoy Challenges,
and play this week. The challenge is to make a project for someone who's left footprints on your life. Smiles!
This is a beautiful card. Your coloring is fabulous. Thanks for joining us at Incy Wincy, and hope to see you back.
Stunning Arabella! Your colouring of her is just so gorgeous :) Love the pleats in her dress. Beautiful details too and I love that bow :)
You did the most beautiful coloring job! She is just sweet. I love the bling and charm :) Thanks so much for playing with us this week at Paper Playtime. Hope to see you again soon!
Arabella, Every time I look at this gorgeous card I am blown away by how just perfectly everything goes together...Image, paper and colouring...Absolutely gorgeous!! Xx
stunning card :o) Love the image and embellies!!! Thank you for joining us at gingerloft this week for our red white and blue challenge and good luck. Hugs
Awesome design of this card! Love the papers you've used and the coloring of this cutie looks fantastic.
Wow, stunning card! Love your papers, the image and all of your elements! Thanks so much for playing with us in the 2 Sisters Challenge this past week!
We've created this blog for all the chickies that wake up a long, long way from 'home' every morning and wish they had someone to chirp to.
Sure, we're 'seizing the day' and 'making the most of the moment'! We're enjoying the experience and 'going with the flow', but we miss being able to 'visit' and 'share' like normal families and friends do.
So. This is our virtual visiting perch. You'll need to make your own cuppa, but you're ever so welcome to join us here.
We'll share our travels, news, opinions, photos, recipes, favourite website, hints, poetry and creative writing... you're welcome to do the same.
blocked drains	boiler installations	boiler repairs	boiler replacement	boiler service	boilers	boilers repairs	boilers services	emergency plumbers	plumber	plumbers	plumbers, blocked drains, boiler service	seo	service	washing machine repair
blocked drainsboiler repairboiler replacement downsidecity plumbingcombi boilerdrain unblockernew boilerplumbers near metoilet unblocker
You may be interested in these other posts. Whether you're a beginner or an expert or just need a little guidance along the way janes radiant provides you with our expert advice, detailed designs and tubing layouts we are available to you throughout the process and we back up all of our sales with specialized technical support when needed. Our services: boiler installation, boiler repairs, central heating installations, gas safety inspections, energy efficient advice, heated towel rail fitting, hob & gas oven fitting, landlord safety certificates, replacement radiators, cylinder replacement, powerflushing. Serving bold american favorites with flare, our executive chef and his team use only the freshest ingredients available signature items range from your favorite steak to the perfect salad. Overall structural condition of drainage system – reporting/analysis. Our business is spread across a wide variety of different service areas below illustrates where we focus our business.
Electricity, water & thermal sub‑metering. We'll find out what's blocking your pipes - call us today for more details or to schedule service. This type of boiler should suit all but the largest houses. However, there are a number of factors to consider…. Tenants at these developments that have been identified don’t have four winters to wait to get fixed boilers,” mr johnson said, answering reporters’ questions after a council meeting he said that he supported increasing spending for public housing, but called the amount of time projected for the boiler repairs “far too long.”. And finally, don’t forget to consider what you are. Insulation could become brittle earlier than acceptable by the standards there is a risk of insulation breaking exposing cables if disturbed danger of electrical shock or fires due to exposure of live conductors. This type of system doesn’t have an extra cold water tank or ‘expansion’ tank as this part is built into the boiler itself rather than set up separately. Read how we have made it work for related businesses. Please contact for more information on: 0208 454 7898.
How do i use drain out bathroom in a regular bathtub, sink or shower drain? Of course every property is different but our prices start from just. A boiler is a big decision if you want to talk through something in person, simply fill in the form below to give us an idea of where you are and one of our local advisors will give you a call back quick-sharp. You can expect us to arrive on time, in a clean uniform, and a fully-stocked service vehicle. The handle on our kitchen sink came off completely and we couldn't turn the water on or off we were going to replace the faucet ourselves, but the previous owners had welded something underneath the sink and we couldn't get around it we called our home warranty company, who assigned a different plumbing company to the problem i was unable to contact them and the warranty company said it may take up to 4 days for an appointment i realized that my situation wasn't an emergency, but it was pretty urgent as i needed to cook meals and wash dishes i cancelled that plumber and prepared to have to wait until at least monday because it was already mid afternoon on a friday. Bob has been one of the reliable top rated local plumbers in indianapolis since 1989. We are regularly hired by brooklyn property managers to solve their plumbing problems we credit it to our skill, reliability and the equipment we have at our disposal with vigilante, expert and reliable plumbing and drain cleaning services are just one phone call away.
Sal manzo plumbing and heating inc is fully licensed, insured and qualified to provide a comprehensive range of plumbing services, including. Those with fairly reliable boilers and a home insurance policy which covers home emergency call-outs may simply want to opt to remain uncovered (see. The responsibility for clearance and maintenance of public sewers rests with thames water in this area thames water can be telephoned on 08459 200 800 (local rate call) about blockages and will clear their public sewers free of charge the council has a copy of the public sewer map, which has been supplied to us by thames water this can be viewed by anyone upon visiting the town hall in reigate. Prices for the baxi ecoblue+ range of combi boilers (boiler only packages) start from around £700 and with installation, you can expect to pay around £1,500. Bathroom renovations from start to finish. Copyright 2014 | intergroup architects | all rights reserved. The potterton promax combi boiler has been designed specifically for new build and social housing projects available in outputs of 24kw, 28kw and 33kw, the promax combi is easy to install and can be fitted in the majority of domestic property sizes. In general boilers are on all the time, so that you have warm water day and night with the help of a timer, you decide when the water is to be heated, for instance only at night. Shake well before using slow drains: pour 6-8 ounces (about a quarter of this bottle) down your drain on 3-5 consecutive nights, after you are done using the drain for the evening this will allow earthworm to work when the drain is inactive (while you sleep) severe clogs: as earthworm loosens the organic material, the drain may seem slower at first this is good, as it means earthworm is working if there is a large amount of clogging material, although loosened, it may remain in place if this occurs, plunge and continue to use earthworm regular maintenance: pour 6-8 oz of earthworm directly into drain using earthworm twice a week will keep your drains free of clogs and smelling fresh garbage disposals: pour 4-6 oz of earthworm directly into disposal using earthworm 2-3 times per week keeps your disposals clean, clear and smelling fresh. Finding and stopping leaks is a plumber’s specialty, so if you notice one, give your plumber a call. Cemline electric boiler control circuits are equipped with a line voltage to 120 volt isolation transformer to provide 120 volt control this transformer is fused on the primary side and fused and grounded on the secondary side in accordance with a.s.m.e code, national electric code, and underwriters’ laboratories cemline electric boilers are provided with built in safety protection against high temperature conditions electric boilers are furnished with both an adjustable automatic reset type high limit and a manual reset high limit thermostat with a manual reset button these thermostats open the control circuit if the temperature of the boiler exceeds the set point. Combi boilers are growing in popularity, because of this, boiler manufacturer’s like vaillant and worcester offer a wide range of models to suit any home well-sized boilers are also more efficient than over or undersized boilers.
There is nothing to stop you from doing a manual j calculation yourself, and there are many places that will provide online calculators for free most homeowners are content to leave it to a professional who may boiler replacement downside spot minor problems that will affect the calculation, such as an inability to put ductwork in an ideal spot to most efficiently heat a room. Full boiler service, need all... Dealers can schedule training on installation and maintenance at efm in schuylkill haven, pa at your convenience just call us and set up a date. Independent reviews for products & service - see more. Knowing that one of our expert engineers is just a phone call away should you experience any problems over the course of the year can give you amazing peace of mind and help to remove any undue stress.
Do you have blocked drains in adelaide? here are some of the suburbs and their surrounding areas that we service; unley, burnside, marion, enfield, stirling, glenelg, mt barker, woodville, elizabeth, port adelaide, morphett vale, seaford, barossa valley, hallett cove – just to name a few! we are adelaide’s blocked drain specialists, clearing drains 24/7 and will be at your location on the same day of your adelaide plumber booking, or within the hour* in a blocked drain emergency we are reliable, affordable and ethical and also have adelaide drain plumbers available all weekends and public holidays if you have a blocked drain in adelaide then please call jim’s plumbing or book online for a quality blocked drain service guaranteed. Washington square, suite c. Which? also covered the opinions of heating engineers who rank the build quality of a baxi boiler as average the engineers were not especially negative about the brand, nor did they express particular praise points that let them down were reliability, after-sales service and technical support. Got a plumbing or heating problem? we'll fix it. Get a speedy response – your chosen engineer will contact you within 1 hour of your booking*. All clinical services and programs are part of university of utah health hospitals and clinics. Boiler installation costs will really depend on the work involved if the new boiler is to be installed in the same place as your old boiler you could be looking at a cost of around £600 but installing it in a different location may be between £1500 and £1800. I am voting this up and useful. We use cobol on the mainframe but do not see a role for it in our distributed systems: 37%. While these environmentally-friendly products may be less harmful to the environment they are not particularly popular they are not terribly effective and generally considered more of a cleaner rather than a drain unclogger some householders tend to prefer the less effective, environmentally-friendly drain cleaners simply because they are much safer to use sometimes the chemical solutions splash up into the eyes when poured into a clogged sink plumbers or homeowners may have to stick their hands in the water to check the drain and are then burned by the solutions they have poured into the drains these chemicals can be difficult to use safely and are considered a hazard to have around children. Due to their reliability and ease of installation, the duo-tec combi he a and the platinum combi he a have proved popular with installers and homeowners alike their ability to turn 90 per cent of fuel to heat allows for huge savings and reduced heating bills. Take a look at our plumbers profiles, read reviews and request quotes directly.
This entry was published on octobre 22, 2017 and was updated on juin 13, 2018 / BLEU COHESION. Posted in Gallery. Bookmark the permalink.
Javascript must be enabled on your browser for some features of Chinese-Characters.NET to work properly.
neck injury caused by car accident | pain in my neck after car accident Concord NC | stiff neck after a car accident | pain in back and neck after car accident Concord NC
Our office is not only about adjusting your spine. I am certified in treating a wide range of conditions and focus on muscles and soft tissue that may need to be lengthened or strengthened. I am certified in soft tissue techniques called Trigenics and Instrument Assisted Soft Tissue Mobilization (Scraping). We are getting better and faster results since implementing both techniques. I have extensive training with the Advanced Functional Neurology Institute. All of these trainings have allowed me to treat conditions such as Peripheral Neuropathy, bone on bone degenerative knees and rotator cuff conditions/Frozen Shoulder, among others.
We use cookies and similar technologies to improve your browsing experience, personalize content and offers, show targeted ads, analyze traffic, and better understand you. We may share your information with third-party partners for marketing purposes. To learn more and make choices about data use, visit our Advertising Policy and Privacy Policy. By clicking “Accept and Continue” below, (1) you consent to these activities unless and until you withdraw your consent using our rights request form, and (2) you consent to allow your data to be transferred, processed, and stored in the United States.
Traditional chiropractors focus on your muscles and bones, making physical adjustments to your spine for temporary relief. At Vero Chiropractic we take a different approach to chiropractic care. We focus on your nervous system, locating issues in your body at the source and providing our patients more effective and longer lasting health outcomes. In other words, we don’t just treat your symptoms, we correct the cause of why they are occuring!
There is no good evidence that chiropractic is effective for the treatment of any medical condition, except perhaps for certain kinds of back pain.[4][10] Generally, the research carried out into the effectiveness of chiropractic has been of poor quality.[89][90] Numerous controlled clinical studies of treatments used by chiropractors have been conducted, with conflicting results.[4] Research published by chiropractors is distinctly biased.[4] For reviews of SM for back pain chiropractic authors tend to have positive conclusions, while others did not show any effectiveness.[4]
Check all that apply. Most people will not be able to check many of these! But the more you can check, the more worthwhile it is to ask your doctor if it’s possible that there’s something more serious going on than just neck pain. Most people who check off an item or two will turn out not to have an ominous health issue. But red flags are reasons to check… not reasons to worry.
Although mixers are the majority group, many of them retain belief in vertebral subluxation as shown in a 2003 survey of 1100 North American chiropractors, which found that 88% wanted to retain the term "vertebral subluxation complex", and that when asked to estimate the percent of disorders of internal organs (such as the heart, the lungs, or the stomach) that subluxation significantly contributes to, the mean response was 62%.[38] A 2008 survey of 6,000 American chiropractors demonstrated that most chiropractors seem to believe that a subluxation-based clinical approach may be of limited utility for addressing visceral disorders, and greatly favored non-subluxation-based clinical approaches for such conditions.[39] The same survey showed that most chiropractors generally believed that the majority of their clinical approach for addressing musculoskeletal/biomechanical disorders such as back pain was based on subluxation.[39] Chiropractors often offer conventional therapies such as physical therapy and lifestyle counseling, and it may for the lay person be difficult to distinguish the unscientific from the scientific.[40]
Your neck is a complex interlocking structure consisting of bones, joints, nerves, muscles, tendons and ligaments. Its main job is to hold up the weight of your head which, at around 5 kilograms, is no mean task. Add to this the requirement that the head must be able to move from side to side and up and down (and do these simultaneously), plus the fact that the neck has to form a conduit for the spinal cord, carry blood vessels to and from the head, and contain passageways for air and food, and you have quite a complex feat of engineering. No wonder then that our necks cause us pain and discomfort, not only on occasion, but for some people in an ongoing fashion.The main physical structures in the neck are the seven interlocking vertebrae. They are called the cervical vertebrae, numbered C1 through to C7. C1, also known as the atlas, is the closest one to your head, followed by C2, which is also known as the axis. Each vertebra is connected to the next by facet joints, and between the vertebrae are intervertebral discs — rubbery cushions made mostly of cartilage that act as shock-absorbers.When should I seek immediate medical treatment for neck pain?Severe neck pain that occurs after a neck injury can be a serious problem, and you should see your doctor immediately. Also, if you have problems with neck pain and experience symptoms such as loss of bladder or bowel control, shooting pains, numbness, tingling, or weakness in the arms or legs, especially if these symptoms come on suddenly or get worse quickly, you should see your doctor straight away.Neck pain and stiffness that’s associated with headache and fever can be a sign of meningitis (an infection of the membranes surrounding your brain and spinal cord). Meningitis is a serious disease, and you should seek immediate medical treatment if you or your child are experiencing these symptoms.Symptoms of neck painSymptoms of neck pain and the sensations you feel can help your doctor to diagnose the cause. Here are some symptoms.Muscle spasmA spasm is a sudden, powerful, involuntary contraction of muscles. The muscles feel painful, stiff and knotted. If you have neck muscle spasms, you may not be able to move your neck — sometimes people call it a crick in the neck. Your doctor or physiotherapist may call it acute torticollis or wry neck.Muscle acheThe neck muscles are sore and may have hard knots (trigger points) that are tender to touch. Pain is often felt up the middle of the back of the neck, or it may ache on one side only.StiffnessThe neck muscles are tight and if you spend too long in one position they feel even tighter. Neck stiffness can make it difficult or painful to move your neck.Nerve painPain from the neck can radiate down the arms, and sometimes, the legs. You may feel a sensation of pins and needles or tingling in your arms, which can be accompanied by numbness, burning or weakness. This pain is typically worse at night.HeadachesHeadaches are common in conjunction with neck problems. They are usually a dull aching type of headache, rather than sharp pain. While the headaches are often felt at the back of the head, the pain may also radiate to the sides, and even the front of the head.Reduced range of motionIf you can’t turn your head to the side to the same degree towards each shoulder, or you feel limited in how far forward you can lower your head to your chest, or how far you can tilt your head back, you may have reduced range of motion. Your doctor will be able to test this.Common causes of neck painWhiplashThis commonly follows a car accident in which the person’s car is hit from behind while it is stationary or slowing down. The person’s head is first thrown backwards and then when their body stops moving, the head is thrust forward. This type of injury can strain your neck muscles and cause ligaments in the neck to stretch or tear.The pain from whiplash, which is usually worse with movement, does not always start immediately — it may take several days to come on. Neck pain and stiffness may be accompanied by muscle spasm, dizziness, headaches, nerve pain and shoulder pain.Muscle strainOngoing overuse of your neck muscles (which can be caused by a poor neck position during everyday activities, particularly computer work) can trigger neck muscle strain, causing chronic neck pain and stiffness. The pain is often worse with movement and may be associated with headaches, muscle spasms and restriction of neck movements.Degenerative disc diseaseAs we grow older, the soft gelatinous centre of the shock-absorbing discs in our spines dries out. This causes the discs to become narrowed, and the distance between the vertebrae to decrease.Herniated discIf the tough outside layer of one of the cervical discs tears, the soft gelatinous centre may bulge outwards — this is known as a herniated disc. Herniated discs can put pressure on nerve roots as they leave the spinal cord, causing pain in the neck as well as pain, numbness and weakness in the arms.Cervical spondylosisThis degenerative condition of the cervical spine is due to normal ageing and wear and tear on the cervical discs and the vertebrae. It is also known as cervical osteoarthritis, and is more common among older people.The development of bone spurs often accompanies this degeneration of the spine. Bone spurs, also known as osteophytes, are small outgrowths of bone tissue that are formed when the cartilage covering bone is worn away and bone starts to rub on adjacent bone. The bone spur is the body’s attempt to protect the bone surface. Unfortunately, the bone spur can sometimes pinch or press upon the nerve roots as they leave the spinal canal.Symptoms associated with cervical spondylosis include neck pain and stiffness that often improves with rest. The pain may radiate to the shoulders or between the shoulder blades. If there is nerve root compression, there may be numbness, pain or weakness in the arms.Cervical spinal canal stenosisDegenerative changes in the vertebrae can lead to narrowing of the canal in which your spinal cord lies — this is known as cervical spinal canal stenosis. As the canal becomes narrower, it can put pressure on the spinal cord. The associated neck pain is usually worse with activity, and may radiate to the arms or legs. Arm or leg weakness can also occur. Sometimes people with cervical spinal canal stenosis have no symptoms. Occasionally, it may give rise to Lhermitte's sign — an electric shock-like feeling down the body when the neck is bent forward.Tests and diagnosisYour doctor may be able to determine the cause of your neck pain from your history and physical examination, but sometimes tests such as X-rays, MRI scans and CT scans are required to find the exact cause of your symptoms. These scans can assess the spine and be used to show disc problems, spinal cord problems or compression of your nerve roots.Sometimes doctors will order electromyography (EMG) or nerve conduction studies — tests that evaluate the electrical activity in nerves and muscles to help determine if there is any nerve damage related to your neck problems.It can be difficult to identify the precise source of neck pain even after investigations. Generally, X-ray abnormalities do not correlate well with pain. Some people have severe spondylosis on X-rays, but have no pain. The key thing that your doctor should be able to tell is if the pain is involving pressure on the nerve roots or spinal cord. Last Reviewed: 18 December 2012
^ Jump up to: a b Palmer DD (1910). The Chiropractor's Adjuster: Text-book of the Science, Art and Philosophy of Chiropractic for Students and Practitioners. Portland, OR: Portland Printing House Co. OCLC 17205743. A subluxated vertebra ... is the cause of 95 percent of all diseases ... The other five percent is caused by displaced joints other than those of the vertebral column.
All treatment is based on an accurate diagnosis of your back pain. The chiropractor should be well informed regarding your medical history, including ongoing medical conditions, current medications, traumatic/surgical history, and lifestyle factors. Although rare, there have been cases in which treatment worsened a herniated or slipped disc, or neck manipulation resulted spinal cord injury. To be safe, always check with your medical doctor to make sure your condition will benefit from chiropractic or other pain relief alternatives.
severe neck pain from car accident | neck shoulder back pain after car accident Concord NC | what to do if neck hurts after car accident | chest and neck pain after car accident Concord NC
Pain located in the neck is a common medical condition. Neck pain can come from a number of disorders and diseases and can involve any of the tissues in the neck. Examples of common conditions causing neck pain are degenerative disc disease, neck strain, neck injury such as in whiplash, a herniated disc, or a pinched nerve. Neck pain can come from common infections, such as virus infection of the throat, leading to lymph node (gland) swelling and neck pain. Neck pain can also come from rare infections, such as tuberculosis of the neck, infection of the spine bones in the neck (osteomyelitis and septic discitis), and meningitis (often accompanied by neck stiffness). Neck pain can also come from conditions directly affecting the muscles of the neck, such as fibromyalgia and polymyalgia rheumatica as well as from uncomfortable positioning of the neck while sleeping with the head on a pillow. Neck pain is also referred to as cervical pain.
McCann Family Chiropractic is committed to helping auto accident victims find relief. In addition to providing advanced chiropractic care, we offer diagnostic x-rays and massage for injuries—everything from treatment and deep tissue massage to cupping and chair massage. We will meet you where you are and customize your treatment to your needs and to accommodate your level of pain.
A 2012 systematic review suggested that the use of spine manipulation in clinical practice is a cost-effective treatment when used alone or in combination with other treatment approaches.[160] A 2011 systematic review found evidence supporting the cost-effectiveness of using spinal manipulation for the treatment of sub-acute or chronic low back pain; the results for acute low back pain were insufficient.[11]
Five updates have been logged for this article since publication (2016). All PainScience.com updates are logged to show a long term commitment to quality, accuracy, and currency. more Like good footnotes, update logging sets PainScience.com apart from most other health websites and blogs. It’s fine print, but important fine print, in the same spirit of transparency as the editing history available for Wikipedia pages.
Chiropractic works by making carefully placed adjustments to realign your spine. These adjustments allow the muscle tissues to properly support the spine and vital neurological processes that occur within it. When the spine is able to function without interference, the body is better able to facilitate healing, thereby relieving pain and restoring health in a variety of ways.
They are mostly good for corroborating what is already obviously a serious problem — for instance, if you already have other red flags and ominous symptoms and there are MRI findings of degeneration that might explain those symptoms. But of course in such case you will already know that you have a big problem! The scan is just clarifying why. Maybe. BACK TO TEXT
Some skin problems on the neck can cause neck pain, but are usually obvious — most people will identify them as “skin problems on the neck” and not “a neck problem affecting the skin.” Herpes zoster (shingles) [CDC] causes a painful rash, cellulitis [Mayo] is extremely painful but superficial, and a carbuncle[Wikipedia] … well, it’s just a super zit, basically. If you can’t diagnose that one on your own, I can’t help you!
How to treat a pinched nerve A pinched nerve occurs when pressure or force is put on an area of a nerve, causing it to send warning signals to the brain. It is a common occurrence that can cause pain, numbness, tingling, and muscle weakness. A change of posture, daily stretching exercises, yoga, and physical therapy can help to relieve the pain. Read now
Dr. V.J. Maddio is a Helena native. He attended Montana Statev1173c.jpg University on a wrestling scholarship and studied five years of Associated Sciences with an emphasis in Exercise/Physiology and Sports Medicine. He graduated with his degree in chiropractic from Northwestern College of Health Sciences in Bloomington, MN. Dr. Maddio began his own practice in Helena, Montana in January of 1992. He and his wife, Maureen, have enjoyed raising their 3 children in the Helena community. He is involved in several community activities ranging from youth sports to service organizations. Dr. Maddio is certified in Active Release Technique (ART), is a Certified Impairment Evaluator in the State of Montana, currently serves on the the Board of Chiropractors for the State of Montana, and is past President of the Montana Chiropractic Association.
A small number of neck pain patients, particularly those with arm pain or signs of spinal cord compression, require cervical spine surgery. A new option for neck surgery is an artificial disc. This device made of metal and plastic, is the correct choice for a very small number of individuals with neck pain only and no other abnormality in the cervical spine than a worn out disc.
Other. A 2012 systematic review found insufficient low bias evidence to support the use of spinal manipulation as a therapy for the treatment of hypertension.[120] A 2011 systematic review found moderate evidence to support the use of manual therapy for cervicogenic dizziness.[121] There is very weak evidence for chiropractic care for adult scoliosis (curved or rotated spine)[122] and no scientific data for idiopathic adolescent scoliosis.[123] A 2007 systematic review found that few studies of chiropractic care for nonmusculoskeletal conditions are available, and they are typically not of high quality; it also found that the entire clinical encounter of chiropractic care (as opposed to just SM) provides benefit to patients with cervicogenic dizziness, and that the evidence from reviews is negative, or too weak to draw conclusions, for a wide variety of other nonmusculoskeletal conditions, including ADHD/learning disabilities, dizziness, high blood pressure, and vision conditions.[124] Other reviews have found no evidence of significant benefit for asthma,[125][126] baby colic,[127][128] bedwetting,[129] carpal tunnel syndrome,[130] fibromyalgia,[131] gastrointestinal disorders,[132] kinetic imbalance due to suboccipital strain (KISS) in infants,[127][133] menstrual cramps,[134] insomnia,[135] postmenopausal symptoms,[135] or pelvic and back pain during pregnancy.[136] As there is no evidence of effectiveness or safety for cervical manipulation for baby colic, it is not endorsed.[137]
“First of all, make sure your chiropractor is teaching you along with treating you,” says Dr. Jake LaVere, LaVere Performance Labs and Chiropractic. You want to make sure you’re educated and proactive in your treatment plan, working alongside your chiropractor to find a solution that will work for you. This will help you from both a preventative standpoint, as well as identifying when you’re in pain and what to do about it.
Other Disease Processes: Although neck pain is commonly caused by strain, prolonged pain and/or neurologic deficit may be an indication of something more serious. These symptoms should not be ignored. Spinal infection, spinal cord compression, tumor, fracture, and other disorders can occur. If head injury has been sustained, more than likely the neck has been affected too. It is wise to seek medical attention promptly.
Chiropractors often argue that this education is as good as or better than medical physicians', but most chiropractic training is confined to classrooms with much time spent learning theory, adjustment, and marketing.[65] The fourth year of chiropractic education persistently showed the highest stress levels.[188] Every student, irrespective of year, experienced different ranges of stress when studying.[188] The chiropractic leaders and colleges have had internal struggles.[189] Rather than cooperation, there has been infighting between different factions.[189] A number of actions were posturing due to the confidential nature of the chiropractic colleges in an attempt to enroll students.[189][clarification needed]
Dr. Sheridan Jones is also a graduate of Northwestern Health Sciences University, finishing his Doctorate of Chiropractic degree in 2007. Before attending Northwestern, he was enrolled in Carroll College where he studied Biology and was a member of the Fighting Saints football team. He is a certified Titleist Performance Institute medical professional which focuses on the evaluation and treatment of golf related injuries and performance issues. Dr. Jones is also a certified Graston Technique provider that implements a unique, instrument assisted soft tissue therapy for muscular injuries and chronic conditions that are traditionally difficult to treat or have failed with other treatment options. He lives in Helena with his wife, Tara, and enjoys everything outdoors - especially football, golf, hunting, boating and skiing.
For problems ranging from digestive ailments to slipped disks, joint aches to TMJ, we offer natural, non-narcotic, non-surgical remedies for everyone of every age and have done so for over 25 years, serving Philadelphia, Bucks and Montgomery County. Contact us today to schedule an appointment and take the first step to recovery. Pennsylvania Chiropractic Association Licensed Chiropractor Associations and Awards: Pennsylvania Chiropractic Association Rotary Club America's Top Chiropractors in 2007-2008 by Consumer Research Council of America Cambridge Who's Who of Top Industry Experts ... View Profile
Finding a good, or even great, chiropractor doesn’t happen just by chance. It’s like anything else today–there are online options for finding user-generated reviews and recommendations to help you find the best chiropractor close to you. Add that to your network of family and friends, and peer-reviewed sites like PainDoctor.com, and you have the tools you need to make the best decision for you.
Maruyama et al: “All but one patient [of seven] with migraine considered the pain to be unique and unusual compared with previously experienced headache or neck pain episodes. Nevertheless, pain was often interpreted initially as migraine or musculoskeletal in nature by the patient or the treating doctor.” Arnold et al: “Pain was different from earlier episodes in all but one case [of 20].” BACK TO TEXT
Chiropractic is well established in the United States, Canada, and Australia.[18] It overlaps with other manual-therapy professions such as osteopathy and physical therapy.[19] Most who seek chiropractic care do so for low back pain.[20] Back and neck pain are considered the specialties of chiropractic, but many chiropractors treat ailments other than musculoskeletal issues.[4] Many chiropractors describe themselves as primary care providers,[4][21] but the chiropractic clinical training does not support the requirements to be considered primary care providers,[2] so their role on primary care is limited and disputed.[2][21] Chiropractic has two main groups: "straights", now the minority, emphasize vitalism, "innate intelligence", and consider vertebral subluxations to be the cause of all disease; "mixers", the majority, are more open to mainstream views and conventional medical techniques, such as exercise, massage, and ice therapy.[22]
20 Dollar Chiropractic has one of the most highly trained and licensed chiropractors in the area that has a primary focus on patient care. Our team will determine if you’re a chiropractic candidate or a medical condition. If your problem is better treated by a medical doctor we’ll gladly refer you to one in the area. Some of our patients are co-managed with chiropractic and medicine. With 20 Dollar Chiropractic’s main focus being patient’s well-being, our primary focus has made our clinic one of the most popular offices in our area.
A 2010 study describing Belgium chiropractors and their patients found chiropractors in Belgium mostly focus on neuromusculoskeletal complaints in adult patients, with emphasis on the spine.[83] The diversified technique is the most often applied technique at 93%, followed by the Activator mechanical-assisted technique at 41%.[83] A 2009 study assessing chiropractic students giving or receiving spinal manipulations while attending a U.S. chiropractic college found Diversified, Gonstead, and upper cervical manipulations are frequently used methods.[84]
Some chiropractors oppose vaccination and water fluoridation, which are common public health practices.[32] Within the chiropractic community there are significant disagreements about vaccination, one of the most cost-effective public health interventions available.[221] Most chiropractic writings on vaccination focus on its negative aspects,[27] claiming that it is hazardous, ineffective, and unnecessary.[28] Some chiropractors have embraced vaccination, but a significant portion of the profession rejects it, as original chiropractic philosophy traces diseases to causes in the spine and states that vaccines interfere with healing.[28] The extent to which anti-vaccination views perpetuate the current chiropractic profession is uncertain.[27] The American Chiropractic Association and the International Chiropractors Association support individual exemptions to compulsory vaccination laws, and a 1995 survey of U.S. chiropractors found that about a third believed there was no scientific proof that immunization prevents disease.[28] The Canadian Chiropractic Association supports vaccination;[27] a survey in Alberta in 2002 found that 25% of chiropractors advised patients for, and 27% against, vaccinating themselves or their children.[222]
If you suffer from headaches, or have experienced negative side effects from an auto accident or workplace injury, it’s time to come see a chiropractor today. Each of these conditions can be debilitating: headaches because they reduce your ability to work, think and engage with your life, and injuries because they limit your range of motion and normal, everyday activities.
One of the reasons I wanted to visit the chiropractor was to take a more active role in my overall health and wellness. I specifically chose an integrated clinic, which offered not only chiropractic care, but also physical therapy, massage therapy and nutrition consultation. We discussed the addition of multi-vitamins, fish oil and vitamin D to my wellness plan. One thing I learned through this wellness planning? Everyone’s health journey is different! Since health is personal, your approach should be tailored to your specific needs. My focus on an integrated clinic may not be right for you, but I found value in being educated about all the options available to me.
neck pain from old car accident | neck back pain car accident Concord NC | back pain from car accident whiplash | delayed lower back pain after car accident Concord NC
Over 25 years ago, Dr. Donald Worley chose to specialize in chiropractic care because he was fascinated with the body’s natural ability to heal itself. Now, he and the staff at Worley Chiropractic Clinic in Clinton, South Carolina, offer some of the most advanced physical rehabilitation practices as well as nutritional guidance to help you lead your best life.
Early chiropractors believed that all disease was caused by interruptions in the flow of innate intelligence, a vitalistic nervous energy or life force that represented God's presence in man; chiropractic leaders often invoked religious imagery and moral traditions.[23] D.D. Palmer said he "received chiropractic from the other world".[24] D.D. and B.J. both seriously considered declaring chiropractic a religion, which might have provided legal protection under the U.S. constitution, but decided against it partly to avoid confusion with Christian Science.[23][216] Early chiropractors also tapped into the Populist movement, emphasizing craft, hard work, competition, and advertisement, aligning themselves with the common man against intellectuals and trusts, among which they included the American Medical Association (AMA).[23]
After selling his very successful practice in Boise, Idaho, Dr. Tim Dudley moved to Whitefish in 2015 to pursue his professional goals of starting a consulting business to teach other Chiropractors how to be effective and successful. He also wanted to practice what he was preaching and set out to create his dream practice from the ground up. While Whitefish has many chiropractors, there was room for Dr. Dudley’s unique and highly specialized skill set here, and it also put he and his wife much closer to where they were both raised, and to their families. Once Dr. Dudley found his ideal office space in downtown Whitefish, he opened his doors and has been helping and healing one spine at a time.
Spinal manipulation is associated with frequent, mild and temporary adverse effects,[14][138] including new or worsening pain or stiffness in the affected region.[139] They have been estimated to occur in 33% to 61% of patients, and frequently occur within an hour of treatment and disappear within 24 to 48 hours;[13] adverse reactions appear to be more common following manipulation than mobilization.[140] The most frequently stated adverse effects are mild headache, soreness, and briefly elevated pain fatigue.[141] Chiropractic is correlated with a very high incidence of minor adverse effects.[4] Chiropractic are more commonly associated with serious related adverse effects than other professionals following manipulation.[17] Rarely,[46] spinal manipulation, particularly on the upper spine, can also result in complications that can lead to permanent disability or death; these can occur in adults[14] and children.[142] There is a case of a three-month-old dying following manipulation of the neck area.[137] Estimates vary widely for the incidence of these complications,[13] and the actual incidence is unknown, due to high levels of underreporting and to the difficulty of linking manipulation to adverse effects such as stroke, which is a particular concern.[14] Adverse effects are poorly reported in recent studies investigating chiropractic manipulations.[143] A 2016 systematic review concludes that the level of reporting is unsuitable and unacceptable.[144] Reports of serious adverse events have occurred, resulting from spinal manipulation therapy of the lumbopelvic region.[145] Estimates for serious adverse events vary from 5 strokes per 100,000 manipulations to 1.46 serious adverse events per 10 million manipulations and 2.68 deaths per 10 million manipulations, though it was determined that there was inadequate data to be conclusive.[13] Several case reports show temporal associations between interventions and potentially serious complications.[146] The published medical literature contains reports of 26 deaths since 1934 following chiropractic manipulations and many more seem to remain unpublished.[17]
Age, injury, poor posture or diseases such as arthritis can lead to degeneration of the bones or joints of the cervical spine, causing disc herniation or bone spurs to form. Sudden severe injury to the neck may also contribute to disc herniation, whiplash, blood vessel destruction, vertebral injury and, in extreme cases, permanent paralysis. Herniated discs or bone spurs may cause a narrowing of the spinal canal or the small openings through which spinal nerve roots exit. Pressure on a nerve root by a herniated disc or a bone spur may result in:
This information is not designed to replace a physician's independent judgment about the appropriateness or risks of a procedure for a given patient. Always consult your doctor about your medical conditions or back problem. SpineUniverse does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Use of the SpineUniverse.com site is conditional upon your acceptance of our User Agreement
How do you stretch the latissimus dorsi? The latissimus dorsi is a large muscle that stretches from the middle to lower back. While overuse can lead to pain, some movement may provide relief. We describe exercises that stretch and alleviate pain in this muscle, also known as the lats. Here, learn to identify, relieve, and prevent pain in the latissimus dorsi. Read now
Doctors of Chiropractic (DCs) – often referred to as chiropractors or chiropractic physicians – practice a hands-on, drug-free approach to health care that includes patient examination, diagnosis and treatment. Chiropractors have broad diagnostic skills and are also trained to recommend therapeutic and rehabilitative exercises, as well as to provide nutritional, dietary and lifestyle counseling.
Chiropractors, especially in America, have a reputation for unnecessarily treating patients.[6] In many circumstances the focus seems to be put on economics instead of health care.[6] Sustained chiropractic care is promoted as a preventative tool, but unnecessary manipulation could possibly present a risk to patients.[4] Some chiropractors are concerned by the routine unjustified claims chiropractors have made.[4] A 2010 analysis of chiropractic websites found the majority of chiropractors and their associations made claims of effectiveness not supported by scientific evidence, while 28% of chiropractor websites advocate lower back pain care, which has some sound evidence.[197]
Among people seeking back pain relief alternatives, most choose chiropractic treatment. About 22 million Americans visit chiropractors annually. Of these, 7.7 million, or 35%, are seeking relief from back pain from various causes, including accidents, sports injuries, and muscle strains. Other complaints include pain in the neck, arms, and legs, and headaches.
Different types of stuff tapes are often available majority of these days which can be used when it comes to a full variety of purposes. People tapes create strips connected paper or it may be cloth which are layered with any kind type of sticky chemical that allows it for stick to surfaces. All are basically used to stick materials together although it can be considered only regarding a shorter time amount. Some from the a good number of common varieties of footage include each painters tape, double on the sides adhesive tape, masking tape, Teflon strapping and duct tape.
The sided mastic parcel tape is really quite a variety of from their ordinary mp3 as both of your the perimeters are blanketed with gluey materials. Who’s is especially strong equal in porportion to you see, the ordinary videos as it sticks three surfaces together again. A thin out layer of plastic or even a paper as with substance will be used for cover the sticky counties. These components are peeled back to reveal which the stick segment and used to stick on roads.
The 4′ 6 ” sided taping solutions are mostly used for hang designs and full colour leaflets as some of the tapes does be obtained quite immediately. It is actually hardly visible due to its sure sticking ingredients. Double sided foam archival footage are equally used to finally hang foam posters that may are tender and inflexible. These tapes can end bought by online stores at excellent price rates.
Known famously as hook punch and cycle fasteners, these Velcro strapping has been used offered that 1948. It is purchasable in their huge type of sizes and programs. This recording is consumed for each wide class of purposes as it is ingrained with per number attached to beneficial qualities. Some of all the a large number of important ideal qualities of these tapes include how the following.
Easy to use: It is really quite easy to use on the grounds that once your two clothing materials pertaining to the mp3 are pressed together, the item remains still in effect till it is pulled to shreds apart. The software is thusly used when it comes to kids’ pants and situation so the fact it is usually easy on to wear coupled with remove. It sticks without problems to supplies and may want to be consumed for a mixture of home chores and several purposes.
Strong: That will is treated as to end a substantial material which in turn has most of the capacity in which to hold a huge total amount of weight. It is almost certainly often in use to secure auto complete panels fairly easily.
Lower maintenance: It requests less the cost of maintenance and alternatives. The damages of efficiency is relatively less over every removals of an hooks away from loop garments. It can be closed and sculpted any handful of time without overtaking it normally. However, specific hook outside of your current tape will gather bond and lint which gets to generally be removed over and over.
Huge style of uses: Velcro recording is normally used for a huge wide style of purposes which has become considered so that it will be 1 of its greatest successful qualities. It was needed in the entire first bogus heart a medical procedure to golfing grip human the heart together. The program is possibly used while in flight suits to hold patches. This situation is possibly used as part of space shuttles by Their astronauts to retain objects about space. A majority of these tapes include commonly used on shoes, jackets, curtains and extremely forth.
But the Spirit of the Lord clothed Gideon, and he sounded the trumpet, and the Abiezrites were called out to follow him. And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh, and they too were called out to follow him. And he sent messengers to Asher, Zebulun, and Naphtali, and they went up to meet them. (Judges 6:34-35 ESV)
And the Lord said to Gideon, “The people are still too many. Take them down to the water, and I will test them for you there, and anyone of whom I say to you, ‘This one shall go with you,’ shall go with you, and anyone of whom I say to you, ‘This one shall not go with you,’ shall not go.” So he brought the people down to the water. And the Lord said to Gideon, “Every one who laps the water with his tongue, as a dog laps, you shall set by himself. Likewise, every one who kneels down to drink.” And the number of those who lapped, putting their hands to their mouths, was 300 men, but all the rest of the people knelt down to drink water. And the Lord said to Gideon, “With the 300 men who lapped I will save you and give the Midianites into your hand, and let all the others go every man to his home.” (Judges 7:4-7 ESV)
This may seem like an odd place to turn to, to discuss what happened at Pentecost and the nature of tongues, but you'll have to excuse me, I have a bit of an eye for Old Testament patterns and types. Allow me to present the connection, and then I'll leave it to the reader to decide if the typology is valid. The case for the drawing and separating nature of tongues to unbelievers does not stand or fall on this passage; it is just a fascinating little detour, which should, if nothing else, give you something else to ponder.
Gideon was clothed with power from on high when the Spirit came upon him. He sounded the trumpet, and multitudes were drawn to him from all over Israel. The Lord then separated the men at the waters and those who lapped with their tongues were chosen. With those 300 men who remained the Lord brought about a great salvation for Israel.
On the day of Pentecost the believers were clothed with power from on high and spilled out into the streets making a great noise empowered by the Spirit (prophetic noises in scripture are often compared to a trumpet blast or the sound of rushing waters). Multitudes from all over the world were gathered by this noise and came to see what was going on. They were divided with some being amazed, whilst others were scornful. Of those who remained and heard Peter's message, 3000 were added to the church as the Lord brought about a great salvation in Israel.
Is there a connection between Gideon's 300 and Peter's 3000, and the drawing and separating that took place? It's worth chewing over. Let me know what you think.
I have always been deeply disappointed by the interpretations given to the significance of the way the men drank.
This is mostly because the verse is so ambiguous as to which drank which way (and the ever accurate ESV seems to make the ambiguity clearer than ever!) that it seems to not allow us to take a simple lesson such as "Gideon chose the vigilant ones who drank but still kept and eye out for the enemy" (as I was taught in Sunday School) from the text.
But the way they drank was what distinguished them... so I like the idea that what was simply a way of God drawing a distinction between men at the time was also a prophetic foreshadowing of the means by which God would achieve the outworking of his greatest victory over the enemy!
I think the selection of Gideon's men was done in this way so that it was clear that it was nothing at all to do with the men's aptitude for battle or anything like that, it was a purely arbitrary way of selecting a small number of men from out of the larger number. God was to do the fighting, not skilled men.
But I don't think the 'separation' of non-believers in response to tongues is a simlarly arbitrary division.
We always have to beware of taking any symbolic connection, be it in typology or parable, too far. I'm not pressing this one too hard. It's just something that caught my attention.
I do believe there is a seam of typology here though. But I'm quite prepared to accept that I haven't got it pinned down yet.
I think you are absolutely right about the arbitrary vs. non-arbitrary distinction in the separations in these two passages, but that does not necessarily negate the prophetic symbolism which connects them.
I had to laugh when I read this. I think it is fun to look for this type of stuff but it is reaching at best. The funny thing is that I used to go to a church that would preach this type of "revelation" as doctrine. After a couple years I finally had to shake my head and declare that this was all groundless babble.
Again, there may be a connection, but scripture does not show it clear enougn to call it a fact. But that does not stop me from agreeing with the analysis.
I wonder if Paul's connection between preachers and oxes treading out the grain also raised a chuckle.
OK, I'm reaching. You don't get fresh insight if you don't reach for it. I'd not preach this as doctrine. But I'm happy to share my musings in the Word. Some may help whilst others amuse! ;-) If Jesus shared on the road to Emmaus from all the scriptures the things concerning himself. Then there is much more typology still out there. I like to try to root it out!
Thanks for exploring this topic, and please continue to do so. I'm receiving tremendous value from it.
I've often felt there is significance to the method of selection of the 300. I agree that God wanted to reduce the numbers to show that it was His hand that would win the battle. But I've always been interested (fascinated, and even amused) that He chose on the basis of those who knew how to "drink properly". Compare this to Ephesians 5:18:
"And do not get drunk with wine, for that is debauchery; but ever be filled and stimulated with the Holy Spirit." (Amplified Bible)
"Don't drink too much wine. That cheapens your life. Drink the Spirit of God, huge draughts of him." (The Message)
With respect to a comparison of this passage with Pentecost. I offer that the drawing and separating of Gideon's men is more similar to the drawing and separating of the apostles who were obedient to wait for the Holy Spirit before trying to fulfill the great commission.
Maybe I'm reading too much between the lines too? But I think the church would do well to follow the example of Pentecost and let the Holy Spirit lead the way before trying to fulfil the great commission in our own strength. And clearly, tongues and their interpretation are a powerful demonstration of the manifest presence of the Holy Spirit who draws and separates.
The Lord gives us new apostles - In the last weekend I had the privilege and great joy to be able to minister prophetically, together with several others, to David Lyon – a newly recognise...
Strength in Compassion - *The greatness of a community is most accurately measured by the compassionate actions of it's members. *Coretta Scott King
Time & Season - I pray for You reading this: ‘In Due Season, God will give to you what is Due to You. In your Appointed Time, God will give you what is Appointed for you. ...
Frivolously misquoting the Bible. #1 - Just heard someone quoting 2 Corinthians 4: 17-18 on a podcast: *"For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outwe...
Walking by faith and not by sight - We walk by faith, not by sight. v7 Those who boast about outward appearance and not about what is in the heart. v12 That those who live might no longer ...
The Masterplan: Gates and Roads - The final extract from the Masterplan comes from the closing section of the Sermon on the Mount. Here Jesus talks about 'gates and roads.' Enter through th...
Headship Teaching - At Without Borders '16 I had the privilege to teach alongside David Lyon of Living Rock Church on the subject of Headship. Many people asked for copies of ...
Bryn Jones - Radical to Ragged - 'I see subtle changes in many churches as I travel around. What was once a radical commitment has become a ragged one. What was a group of Christians with ...
Love never fails - So I've reached the final post of my series on love that I've been looking at since earlier this year. I've really enjoyed this journey through 1 Corint...
MOSES WHO SERVED WITH EAGERNESS - *MOSES* Eagerness to what causes us to do anything. *Scripture reading: Exodus 3:1-12* *Background* Midian was land named after a man. After Sarah died, Ab...
More from Kenya - 3rd attempt today to get Blog to talk to Facebook! Maasais girl (Lasoi) helping one of our team to carry stones to continue the work on the building. Th...
Future Leaders Dwelling In A Small Hut ! - Jamne is a village (in south Gujarat)where I started working 15 years ago. People here were very poor and uneducated. My friend Sakharam came forward to t...
Fantastic free spiritual resources - My friend Dan Bowen, has just alerted me to let me know that back issues of New Wine magazine are now available online. This highly influential magazine be...
Closer than you think - Many times the last 6 months, I have been talking with people about the contacts they have with unsaved people. One of my questions ( and it is a good ques...
Unless otherwise indicated, all Scripture quotations are from The Holy Bible, English Standard Version®, copyright © 2001 by Crossway Bibles, a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers. Used by permission. All rights reserved.
The site was created by Chris Harris and is maintained with the kind assistance of a large team of volunteers.
Micah 1:3-5, 5:2-5a, 6:6-8 [1] 3 For lo, the Lord is coming out of his place, and will come down and tread upon the high places of the earth. 4 Then the mountains will melt under…
Jeri and I are the College & Young Adult Pastors here at Christ Fellowship Church. We have been married for 5 years and we have two children. Our son's name is Zion (3yrs old) and our daughter's name is Analy (9 months old).
We believe we have a unique honor of getting to prepare young adults for their future. We get to watch their relationship with Christ grow as well as getting to be part of some big choices in their lives.
Our goal with this ministry is to connect with young people from our community between the ages of 18 and 30.
Filled with high interest exercises, this Grade 10 Unit 5 workbook focuses on the plant cell, anatomy of the plant, growth and function of plants, plants and people.
Lifepac science curriculum brings the physical world of God's creation into focus. Students conduct experiments to reinforce scientific concepts, such as plants: green factories.
Perfect for students who flourish in a self-paced, individualized learning format, each consumable Lifepac combines lessons, exercises, projects, reviews, and tests. Paperback.
This page will help you understand how to make adjustments to your PayPal recurring payments to The Mythical Jesus Podcast The following instructions will show you how to cancel your recurring payments (if necessary). They will also show you how you can change the payment method used for recurring payments. Please follow the instructions below noting that they may vary slightly depending on the computer type or tablet type.
Step 7 – Change the payment method for the recurring payment to the new preferred payment method. Then click Save.
If you enjoy the Mythical Jesus Podcast, please consider donating today. Your donation supports our work and our effort to provide Christians with tools and resources and the safe space for conversations to navigate a deeper approach to Jesus of Nazareth. Donate today to a good cause while supporting folks like you! Your Donation is 100% tax deductible.
Features RAID redundancy with up to 2TB, designed to operated in confined locations such as ATM and retail kiosks
Las Vegas, NV (April 6, 2011) - 3VR, Inc., the video intelligence company, announced major enhancements to its Video Intelligence Platform [VIP] S-Series appliance, the most compact and economical recorder in the 3VR portfolio. The new appliance combines several new features that improve security effectiveness and operational efficiency without the cost and installation complexity of other video management systems.
Key enhancements to the new S-Series include RAID (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) storage options of up to two terabytes and the highest possible analog camera resolution. The appliance is designed to operate in confined spaces such as ATM or retail kiosks, convenience stores and small business offices.
“With a focus on reliability, ease of implementation and a reduced barrier to entry, the new S-Series appliance addresses the budgetary constraints of our customers ,” said Al Shipp, chief executive officer, 3VR. “We are focused on making it easy for any organization to gain useful and measurable business benefits – whether related to security, customer service, marketing or operations – from their video surveillance assets.”
The S-Series provides customers in a wide variety of industries, including financial services and retail, with an economical and compact option that offers powerful enterprise features with the redundancy needed for maximum evidence retention. The S-Series provides an entry point to 3VR’s Video Intelligence Platform.
- RAID Storage Options and Improved Capacity: With patented video analysis capabilities that isolate and store critical images, 3VR’s SmartStorage technology increases data and evidence retention by up to 15x over conventional DVRs and video management systems without the need for additional hard drives.
- Field Replaceable Storage: To eliminate downtime and significantly reduce the troubleshooting effort required by a failed drive, the new S-Series features “hot swappable” hard drive replacement capabilities.
- Highest Quality Analog Video Capture Available: With all analog cameras able to record 4CIF at 30 frames per second, users have a greater ability to record and analyze high-quality video without purchasing additional hardware.
- Easy Migration To IP Cameras: As a hybrid DVR, the S-Series supports a wide variety of IP cameras, allowing users to benefit from the latest IP technologies, including multi-megapixel cameras and 3VR Camera Virtualization. Such technologies improve monitoring and investigations while lowering physical and operational costs.
- Simple Integration to External Data Systems: 3VR provides users with visual intelligence by integrating with a growing universe of systems, such as point of sale (POS), ATM, access control, alarm, transaction and other systems, allowing easy searches by transaction number, cashier ID, and a range of vectors. Monitoring becomes smarter and investigations more efficient.
- “Future-Proof” 3VR Video Intelligence Platform (VIP) Analytics: The S-Series can be upgraded to run up to 4 channels of 3VR’s tightly integrated video analytics, including people counting, license plate recognition and more. 3VR VIP Analytics delivers faster and more effective monitoring, analysis and operational intelligence.
The new S-Series expands 3VR’s Video Intelligence Platform, which also includes the powerful and flexible P-Series appliance, as well as the 3VR Server-Class, a Windows-server solution offering maximum integration and management capabilities. All 3VR solutions feature advanced search capabilities, state-of-the-art central management options and a comprehensive range of proven video analytics, such as facial surveillance and object detection that integrates seamlessly with third-party data sources such as teller transaction, point-of-sale and access control systems.
3VR proactively captures and analyzes visual information that helps companies make better business decisions. Its video data platform solves problems associated with searching video content and gathering real-time intelligence from the unstructured data produced by a single camera or a global network of cameras. 3VR uses analytics as the cornerstone of video search and manages both security and business intelligence applications from a single video management system (VMS). The company is based in San Francisco and is backed by top-tier venture capital firms, including Kleiner Perkins, Menlo Ventures, Vantage Point, DAG, In-Q-Tel and Focus. For more information, please see www.3vr.com.
At the end of 2011, there was a video meme centered on S*** Girls Say. A lot of different ones were made, such as Stuff Black Girls Say, Stuff Nigerian Parents Say, Stuff White Girls Say to Black Girls, Stuff Italian Mums Say, etc. The parodies were endless! Well, today I want to share with you 3 different ones - Two from the "Naturals" camp and another from the "Relaxed" camp. There are multiple videos on each side, but I chose the best ones, so happy viewing!
P.S. - Please don't take offense to either video - they're just all in fun. We should be able to laugh at ourselves, right?
I wanted to find one that wasn't too long, but couldn't find a short one that really captured the essence of us natural girls. So I'll post 2 short videos. Enjoy!
Don't lie, you KNOW you've said some of this stuff before. Hang on, I need to go spray my hair - MOISTURIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIZE!
LOL @ Brave!!! I have so heard that one - I'm like did I rescue a child from a burning car and forget?
Browse through older posts October ( 2 ) September ( 2 ) August ( 1 ) July ( 4 ) May ( 4 ) April ( 5 ) March ( 5 ) February ( 4 ) January ( 8 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 6 ) October ( 7 ) September ( 9 ) August ( 10 ) July ( 7 ) June ( 11 ) May ( 16 ) April ( 15 ) March ( 24 ) February ( 27 ) January ( 34 ) December ( 28 ) November ( 31 ) October ( 34 ) September ( 35 ) August ( 39 ) July ( 41 ) June ( 36 ) May ( 42 ) April ( 43 ) March ( 42 ) February ( 42 ) January ( 45 ) December ( 47 ) November ( 43 ) October ( 45 ) September ( 44 ) August ( 42 ) July ( 39 ) June ( 35 ) May ( 32 ) April ( 31 ) March ( 33 ) February ( 27 ) January ( 35 ) December ( 38 ) November ( 32 ) October ( 33 ) September ( 39 ) August ( 38 ) July ( 40 ) June ( 40 ) May ( 35 ) April ( 36 ) March ( 40 ) February ( 35 ) January ( 42 ) December ( 36 ) November ( 35 ) October ( 40 ) September ( 40 ) August ( 32 ) July ( 27 ) June ( 38 ) May ( 29 ) April ( 29 ) March ( 23 ) February ( 6 ) January ( 4 ) December ( 5 ) November ( 4 ) October ( 5 ) September ( 4 ) August ( 3 ) July ( 4 ) June ( 4 ) May ( 4 ) April ( 3 ) March ( 3 ) February ( 3 ) January ( 3 ) December ( 3 ) November ( 4 ) October ( 5 ) September ( 4 ) August ( 4 )
Once upon a time we believed ‘the sky’s the limit’. Then we discovered ‘space, the final frontier’. Now we reach out ‘to infinity and beyond’. Is there no limit to our ambition? In an era when yesterday’s science fiction is tomorrow’s world, where virtual reality unleashes our imagination, and fact and fantasy intermingle, there are plenty today seeking to transcend any remaining boundaries they can: space, time, sexuality, even death.
The idea of boundaries, of any kind of limits, has become counter-cultural. You can be whatever you want. Choice and freedom have become idols. The world, and space beyond it, contains unlimited resources for consumption, manipulation and desire. It’s the worldview of the first European settlers in America writ large by globalisation: an endless landscape of unbounded possibilities.
It’s also a major part of why tackling humanity’s massive global footprint never gets to the top of most political agendas. We simply don’t want to be told ‘Enough! You can’t have that.’ Perhaps it’s also why one of the most important concepts of recent times, that of ‘planetary boundaries’, has remained largely an in-house idea for the eco-aware.
Planetary Boundaries was first proposed in 2009 by Johan Rockström and colleagues from the Stockholm Resilience Centre, and has gained widespread scientific support and stimulated much debate. It consists of nine planetary systems upon which all life depends, with a calculation of the threshold, or boundary for each. Remaining within these boundaries gives the possibility of a ‘safe operating space for humanity’, whilst transgressing them could lead to abrupt and disastrous environmental change. Worryingly, although findings are still tentative and in some cases disputed, scientists judge that the boundaries in three systems (rate of biodiversity loss, climate change and human interference with the nitrogen cycle), have already been exceeded.[*] We are possibly beyond the point of no return, not in terms of survival (yet) but in terms of stability and hence safety.
So, what does a theologian think of all this? Firstly, a quibble: the concept is limited to a ‘safe operating space for humanity’, but God designed this planet as an ark for every species and cares about all that he has made. Yet the anthropocentrism is understandable. It is humans who are putting pressure on planetary boundaries, and it is therefore we who need to get our act together.
More importantly, the concept of boundaries is a helpful one theologically. In Genesis 2, Eden is a safe operating space for humanity as long as boundaries are respected. Humans are described as contingent beings, tied to the earth (souls from soil, Adam from ‘adamah’, humans from humus). We are animated by God’s Spirit, not by a cartoonist’s brush, a surgeon’s scalpel, or a scientist’s genetic manipulation. We are bounded by space and time, and by our utter dependence upon God and the environment of which we are part. We are not at liberty to mutate or evolve away from our calling as humans, which is in essence to worship God, to love our neighbours, our enemies and ourselves, and to serve and preserve the fellow creatures with which we share this planet.
We need boundaries. Ask any parent. ‘God gave me skin, to keep me in’ as the kid’s song goes. Boundaries are vital, biophysically and also spiritually. Christians, of all people, should celebrate that God has created boundaries, not to restrict but to enable our freedom, and to give us a safe operating space within which to thrive. If politicians aren’t going to take up the vision of planetary boundaries (they’re too scared of limits to growth), then perhaps the global church should take up the cause? Let’s learn to celebrate living within the safe space of God-given boundaries.
[*] There is particular debate around whether some boundaries, particularly biodiversity and land, have clear ‘tipping points’ or rather at the global level display slow variables. However it is suggested that local and regional tipping points for these variables could collectively add up to global concern. See their page Addressing some key misconceptions.
Dave has worked with A Rocha since 1997, first as an International Trustee, then from 2001 with A Rocha UK as co-founder (with his wife Anne), National Director, and then Director for Theology, Churches & Sustainable Communities. He joined the A Rocha International team in September 2011. His role as Director of Theology includes providing advice and resources for ARI’s Trustees, Team and national A Rocha organisations, and coordinating liaison with international theological and mission networks and organisations. He has recently completed a PhD at Cambridge University on biblical theology and biodiversity conservation.
We looked at this paper as one of our key discussions on the resilience theory, complexity theory and the use of a “basin” to illustrate safe boundaries to operate in. Once we cross the tip of the basin at any one point, we may enter into another basin with much uncertainty, possibly without being able to get back into the original safe basin. I guess people just want larger and ever less limiting basins…
Thanks Dave. The concept of living within the space afforded by nature and our nature is not distinctively Christian; it is a strong element in much Greek thought, as well as certain strands of Eastern thought (amongst others). Nonetheless, there is, as you indicate, strong scriptural and theological reasons for taking it seriously. To make the concept more specifically Christian, I wonder if we need to talk not just about living in the space available, but about “making room” for one another for our fellow creatures. The idea is not to fill the potential space, but about mutual hospitality, where we welcome others (including the non-human) into “our” space and find ourselves welcomed into spaces that might otherwise seem alien.
PS I meant to say: thanks for this post! These ideas are crucial. I did not want to critique your use of them, merely suggest a possible extension.
PPS I also meant to ask: what is the etymological basis for the link between soul and soil? I am familiar with human from humus and ‘Adam from ‘adamah, but the online etymological dictionary seems to link (very tentatively) soul with sea rather than soil. Or were you thinking of a theological rather than etymological link? Soul in Greek (psyche) means life (more or less). In Hebrew, it is “throat” (nephesh).
Thanks Byron, I do like the idea of ‘making room’. It’s significant that in the Genesis account God tells other creatures as well as humans to ‘fill the earth’ (specifically sea creatures and birds to fill the oceans and earth 1:22), so ‘filling’ is part of being a creature rather than specific to being human …
In terms of my ‘souls from soil’ mention, yes that’s a theological rather than an etymological link. I heard a good lecture this week on the Jewish concept of the person, from Dr Daniel Weiss (Cambridge University), in which he argued that in both the Hebrew Bible and the Rabbinic Talmud the concept is of an embodied soul, not a dualistically separable body and soul, and he translates ‘nephesh hayah’ (Gen 2:7 in NIV ‘living being’) as embodied soul.
And I often say that since the blessing of multiplication and filling is shared with the other living creatures, if our filling is squeezing out other lifeforms, then we’re doing it wrong.
Thanks Dave. Why do we, as a species, not perceive the risks? I wonder if we are called to be Jonah’s or Jeremiah’s? Ninevah responded and were saved; KingZ understood and believed and did nothing. Jeremy Leggett in latest New Sci talks of risk blindness and dangers inherent in this. I am not optimistic that we will keep to any boundaries till beyond point of no return – not that that will stop me trying – so how should we be preparing ourselves, communities, next generation for the uncertainties ahead?
Is this picture terrifying or beautiful? If you really believe the Bible, then this picture should be beautiful because it illustrates what it will be like in the Millennium.
When Dr. John Clarke moved onto a small island near the Rhode Island colony, he established the community of Newport. There he established the first Baptist Church of America.
The beginning of this church was very humble – a simple meeting house erected in 1644 for people to meet. Dr. Clarke acted as the leader, physician, and pastor of this small community. In 1651, Clarke and Roger Williams returned to England to begin the proceeding of drawing a charter that ensured the Baptist distinctive of "liberty of conscience" and religious liberty. Williams eventually returned, but Clarke stayed in England for twelve years until the charter was granted.
During Clarke's absence in England, Obadiah Holmes pastored the small church. After Clarke's death in 1676, Holmes continued to pastor the church until his death in 1682.
The church experienced many ups and downs throughout the years, including church splits, occupation by British troops during the American Revolution, and much more. Presently, the church is called United Baptist Church, John Clarke Memorial.
Now Newport is a luxurious resort town, including opulent mansions that line the seacoast. Yet, the very beginnings of this town were in a church established by a Baptist minister and his people. Not far from the present location of the United Baptist Church is the first Jewish Synagogue ever founded in the United States, the Tuoro Synagogue. The present building was built in 1759. The Newport community was the only one in the colonies at that time that not only did not persecute the Jews, but also gave sanctuary and religious freedom.
Disclaimer: We do not know exactly where this church stands doctrinally today. Sadly, it is affiliated with The American Baptist Churches which no longer stands uncompromisingly upon the Bible. This should encourage each one of us to hold fast to the inspired, infallible Word of God as our sole authority.
Hint: The State death record may give the name of the cemetery; the State marriage record, the name of the house of worship.
View Larger Map If the joint aint got no icon on the map on the left, they aint registered with Google Maps and theyre missing out on a free link they could get. If you see an icon, click it for more information.
This website is maintained by Tom Alciere, based on public domain data from the U.S. Board on Geographic Names.
Day 10. Added the Mage! The Mage can either move OR attack on his turn. When he attacks he hits units in an X shape 3 range away. Also had my first moment of crunchyness happen as I was testing (I was able to play/strategize a bit even given the simple setup I have so far, very encouraging). Feels like maybe the goal should have something to do with a limited number of turns perhaps/keeping your units alive?
Author Brett LoweyPosted on August 31, 2015 January 31, 2017 Format ImageCategories TumblrTags mage strategy
Joe Meno has started posting pictures to Flickr from BrickFair. Yeah! I am blown away the with the number of registered attendees to BrickFair... all I can say, it will be crazy, busy, plastic fun convention... Wish I could be there.
The reason for not being in DC this weekend? GFLUG will be displaying at (Mini) MegaCon this weekend. Can't let my mates down. :) This Mini MegaCon is a smaller show (the bigger show is in spring). It's a geek convention -- comics, artists, actors, models, wrestlers, robotics, anime, LARPers, gamers, etc. It's a fun mix of people watching & gawking -- there's lots of cos-players there as well.
No Vacation is an Indie/Dream-Pop band that combines the novel sounds of college nostalgia and surf-tinged bedroom pop. What began as a sunny San Francisco dorm-room duo in early 2015 by frontwoman Sabrina Mai, quickly evolved into a band as Marisa Saunders and Nat Lee entered the fold. Eventually, Harrison Spencer joined and No Vacation migrated from their familiar garage practice spaces to the studio, where they recorded their second release Summer Break Mixtape. This would lead up to their initial break-up later that year. After a year of anticipation, shows under various names, and a few line-up changes, James Shi was added to solidify the official reunion of the 5-piece.
Our next webinar of 2017 is now ready for registrations. As always, the event is free to attend and provides you with the latest news around Office 365 and the Microsoft Cloud as well as deep dive into a particular topic. This month we are going to have a close look at the relationship between Office 365 and Azure to give you a better idea of how the products work together and how you can take advantage of both in your business.
There of course will also be open Q and A so make sure you bring your questions for me and I’ll do my best to answer them.
The CIAOPS Need to Know Webinars are free to attend but if you want to receive the recording of the session you need to sign up as a CIAOPS patron (for only USD$10 per month) which you can do here:
Also feel free at any stage to email me directly via director@ciaops.com with your webinar topic suggestions.
I’d also appreciate you sharing information about this webinar with anyone you feel may benefit from the session.
If you like this blog then you might like some of the online courses I create. You'll find these at the CIAOPS Academy. Purchasing these courses directly supports this blog.
In tracking the market, Converge does not expect any significant changes in demand over the next several months, continuing the holding pattern that the IC market has seen in recent months. Manufacturing fabrication capacity is at the lowest it has been in a considerable amount of time, and distribution inventories have been slashed to minimal levels. However, for the second month in a row we have seen a month-over-month increase in real shortages due to these low inventory levels.
Some customers are still trying to reduce inventory levels, although the number of those doing so has decreased somewhat over the last several months. Nevertheless, there is still available inventory in the market for savvy bargain hunters.
Additionally, Converge is tracking a minor reduction in demand in some military sectors, indicating a slowing of new manufacturing over the next 6-12 months. Demand for military connectivity devices, however, appears to be unchanged, as the repair business remains steady.
Converge, a subsidiary of Arrow Electronics, has evolved from an industry-leading electronics components distributor to a full service global supply chain partner. We help create full component life-cycle and process management plans for companies with challenging sourcing, obsolescence, inventory and supply chain needs.
Converge, a subsidiary of Arrow Electronics, has evolved from an industry-leading electronics components distributor to a full service global supply chain partner. We help create full component life-cycle and process management plans for companies with challenging sourcing, obsolescence, inventory and supply chain needs. Converge is headquartered in Peabody, Massachusetts, and has offices in Foothill Ranch, California; Amsterdam; and Singapore, along with support centers throughout Europe, Asia and the Americas. For more information about Converge,
My Six Determine Life-style was Chuck Marshal’s up-front earnings and residual revenue program via postcards. It has since developed into The Secret Components Teleseminar, a more moderen $1,497 system that calls itself another for the 95% of people that really feel lied to, dissatisfied, confused and offended by the “biz opps” trade.
The Secret Components Seminar (previously My Six Determine Life-style) has been developed by Rob Stinson, a one-time machinist who candidly makes use of his regular-guy persona to share how his “Secret Components” now has as much as 150,000 distributors and outcomes of over $250 million price of merchandise bought.
Stinson states that what differentiates his teleseminar and software program from the remainder is that they are designed to draw what he calls Enterprise-Alternative-Purchaser (BOB) prospects. These prospects seem to consist of homeowners and managers of current companies seeking to construct up refined streams of a number of revenue channels, as a substitute of associates, relations or co-workers who are likely to drop out of those packages.
Per his web site, Stinson guarantees as much as a five-figure revenue inside the first few months, no time wasted with scheduling, displays, promoting, pitching or closings, and fewer than two hours spent every day on the enterprise when homeowners work the techniques correctly.
Stinson seems to consider that by being upfront about frustrations and potential scams potential clients have skilled, The Secret Components Seminar might have the power to draw those who have since rejected on-line enterprise alternatives.
The newly revised “My Six Determine Life-style” program, now often known as The Secret Components Seminar, is reported to price $1,497 to hitch. This system appears to work on a teleseminar kind system and is alleged to incorporate a handful of various gadgets and options. A few of them embody pre-qualified leads, confirmed advertising and marketing software program and techniques and manuals and incentives.
As with all and all on-line based mostly enterprise endeavors; it’s extremely suggest that one does their very own analysis earlier than investing precise monies right into a program. The Web is a really massive and uncontrolled ambiance that requires warning and in-depth analysis; particularly when being requested for monies in return for a service, membership or product. That is to not say that actual and profitable alternatives do not exist on the market; one simply must train warning when on the lookout for that good one to make sure it’s a official alternative and delivers on what it says for a way a lot it says.
Freedom sale supply Wayona Nylon Braided WN3LG1 USB Syncing and Charging Cable sync and Charging Cable for iPhone, Ipad, (three FT Pack of 1, Gray)
Now save more on hundreds of online shopping stores like amazon,flipkart,snapdeal etc.,with thousands of free shopping coupons from couponshub.
I started reading Nijinsky’s diaries earlier in the year and absolutely fell in love with a man who truly was a victim of his time. You can feel the anxiety and unease surrounding his homosexuality through the page and this was something that I strongly identified with. I therefore thought it might be interesting to consider how his queerness was actualised within his performances and choreographic style.
My favourite performance of Nijinsky was his work in L’Après Midi D’un Faune which he both performed and choreographed himself. As this work was his choreographic debut, it really showcased all of his ideas surrounding dance technique that was evidently distinct from the previous styles of the Ballet Russes.
I was led to writing about Moki Cherry’s tapestries and their relationship to different environments because of the eerie absence of critical writing about her artwork (despite being exhibited internationally and being such an important part of jazz musician, Don Cherry’s aesthetic).
The best thing I’ve read is an issue of the feminist arts journal Heresies called Women’s Traditional Arts, The Politics of Aesthetics, from 1978. I found the writing and photography in here to be provocative and relevant. Lucy Lippard’s article ‘Making Something from Nothing (Towards a Definition of Women’s Hobby Art)’ provided a feminist approach to my research into Cherry’s tapestries and the social conditions they were made in.
My favourite image is a poster that Moki Cherry made for a concert in Stockholm 1967. It was the first concert that she collaborated on with Don Cherry as Movement Incorporated. It was really rewarding to discover this poster among other archived papers, and to see the symbols of hands, lips, birds and stars that are recurring motifs throughout her later tapestries.
Currently my working title is ‘“Embroidered in Dyes”: Fabrics and Fashions by the Footprints Textile Printing Workshop in London 1925–1939’.
Our amazing tutor Rebecca Arnold informed me about the Joyce Clissold and Footprints archive at the Central Saint Martins because she knew I am particularly interested in textiles and the making of dress. I visited this archive in February and immediately fell in love with the Footprints designs and Joyce Clissold’s work as a designer-craftswoman. I especially appreciate the broad perspective on fashion that the archive gave me, as it contains a wide range of objects that illustrate the diverse processes of designing, making, advertising and retailing of fabrics as well as garments. In the course of the research process, I became more and more intrigued by the creative activity of the many individuals and loosely knit groups of craftsmen and -women in London in the 1920s and 1930s. It would be a dream to continue my research in this exciting field.
I could spend hours at the British Library reading the beautifully-designed journal The Town Crier. Issued by the Merchant Adventurers in London from 1921, this journal was full of interesting crafts-related articles and advertisements, as well as for instance job requests and vacancies by or aimed at established or aspiring craftspeople. The journal was printed on this nice, thick paper. I enjoy just leafing through it, read all the fun ads, and explore interwar London in my mind.
I think I already gave my favourite images away in my last blog, as I love both the cover of the Footprints leaflet and the photograph of Joyce Clissold wearing a scarf of her own design.
But perhaps I can share my favourite ‘object’ with you. It is a reference in British Vogue’s 17 May 1933 issue to the Footprints shop that was located in New Bond Street. After spending almost two days at the British Library, leafing page-by-page through 1930s issues without any previous indication or even guarantee that I would find anything relating to Footprints, I could hardly suppress my euphoria when I actually found a short reference in the magazine’s regular shopping column. I felt like a kind of dress historian-detective…
The most beautiful place to work is the National Art Library at the Victoria and Albert Museum. It is my dream library. It reminds me of that library in Disney’s animated film Beauty and the Beast. But I also enjoy drinking coffee whilst working, for which I often go to Bloomsbury Coffee House at Tavistock Place.
My virtual exhibition was about late 1960s minimalist sculpture in relation to fashion. One of my exhibits was a metal ‘sound sculpture’ robe made by the Baschet Brothers for the 1966 film Who are You, Polly Maggoo? I became interested in how the models moved in this uncomfortable metal dress, which eventually drew me to Paco Rabanne and his metal dress creations from the late 1960s. In 1966, Rabanne presented a collection titled ‘Twelve Unwearable Dresses in Contemporary Materials’ at the Georges V Hotel in Paris, which I will discuss further in my dissertation.
I enjoyed reading Jane Pavitt’s Fear and Fashion In The Cold War (V&A, 2008). Pavitt discusses late 1960s avant-garde and space-age fashions, stating the reasons why designers and wearers chose to make such statements in what was a politically turbulent time. The book also features many entertaining photographs of strange space-age costumes.
I found an advertisement in the January 1967 issue of British Vogue for Goddard’s ‘Long Term Silver Polish’. In the photograph, a model wears a Rabanne style metal disc dress, and the advert explains the polish’s use for the dress. It is interesting to see the connection between ‘traditional’ metal surfaces and Rabanne’s style of dresses, and also imagine the mixed attitudes towards them during this period.
The title of my dissertation will probably still change. However at the moment I am going with How very British: National Identity in Norman Parkinson’s fashion photography for Vogue, 1950-1952. Parkinson produced some stunning images for different spreads, many of which lend themselves really well to a study of British national identity. Delving a little deeper into these specific images, Parkinson’s biography and the history of 1950s Britain has been great fun.
The topic stemmed from a mixture of previous interests and pure chance. I had no pre-conceived idea of what I wanted to look at for this dissertation. However, I always studied World War II and the Cold War when I had the chance as an undergraduate, so I knew I wanted to stick within that time frame. Couple this with my love of 1950s fashion and elegance, and the random selection of a beautiful book on Norman Parkinson whilst browsing the stacks at the Courtauld and – ta dah! – the dissertation title was born. I had also wanted to be practical about my choice and choose a topic that would enable me to make the most of London based archives. Norman Parkinson has his own in south London (big shout out to the lovely and wonderful people that work there!), so it all came together beautifully.
I believe I read in Parkinson’s book that Irving Penn babysat Parkinson’s son. As you do. No big deal. On a more serious note, I am still continually blown away by how clever his images are. They seem so simple at first glance, and then, the more you look, the more you realise just how good he was in expressing a certain image, feel or identity to a wide range of readers. This was especially interesting with regards to the way in which his photographs for a 1951 South Africa spread differed, or were used in a different way, from the May edition in British Vogue to the July edition in American Vogue. On a side note I have become obsessed with an image that I’m not even using in my essay. It is just too stunning. Everyone- google “Carmen’s Armpit” and you will understand! Or not, in which case it is just my inner dress history nerd coming to the fore…
I would love to say that it is The National Arts Library in the V&A. It surely wins the award for most aesthetically pleasing place to study- but I tend to be freezing cold in there, so sadly it loses out. I rather fluctuate between the Courtauld Book Library and my home. This arrangement provides the perfect balance between the comfort of home (sneaking a couple of biscuits and copious amounts of tea) and the beautiful comradeship between all Courtauld students during dissertation time in the library. We all really share the stress and joys of the process and that is unbelievably valuable as you are working. *Insert cheesy violin music here!*
Something along the lines of ‘Capturing Fashion at Work: Mark Shaw’s behind-the-scenes images of the Paris collections for LIFE magazine in the 1950s’
Our tutor Dr Rebecca Arnold’s fondness for the work of American designer Claire McCardell (you may thank her for ballet flats, spaghetti straps, separates…) led me to a fine art and textile collaboration she worked on (Picasso prints!) which was photographed for LIFE in the mid-Fifties by Mark Shaw. The Mark Shaw Archive recently popped up on Instagram (@markshawofficial / @markshawlondonsydney), and scrolling through his work – snapshots of Audrey Hepburn, Jackie Kennedy amongst the images – I discovered and became mildly obsessed with his images of models prepping for fashion shows. Amazingly few people have studied backstage images – these days they’re a mainstay of Instagram and Vogue Runway reports during fashion week.
Speaking to Mark Shaw’s daughter in law Juliet across the pond in Vermont and meeting his grandson Hunter in London. Juliet kindly sent me scanned film and contact sheets to pore over – a game changer. Coming across a key quote by Baudelaire (who famously coined the slippery term ‘modernity’) one grey day in the British Library got me pretty excited (#nerdalert).
The National Art Library at the Victoria & Albert Museum for its sheer opulence, or at home in my south London garden in the dappled light beneath the lilac tree. Most libraries don’t allow food or drink, and some days the need for constant cups of tea (and a visiting fellow art historian with a pair of puppies) wins out.
When we visited the National Portrait Gallery in December and the archivist brought out a few of the original prints from the Goddess Series, I knew because of their stunning beauty they would be the topic of my dissertation.
I am really inspired by the depth of care Madame Yevonde took in her creative process. This ultimately resulted in her use of a cutting edge photographic techniques and color printing that created the powerful luminescence of the Goddess Series.
I am not really a library or archive person at heart, so I spend a lot of time working coffee shops and on occasion in my flat.
I can’t quite remember how, but somehow in the course of research I stumbled across Marcel L’Herbier’s short film La Mode revee (1939), which was produced to promote Parisian couture at the New York World Fair in 1939.
Not only does the film make for fun viewing (the plot involves figures from Antoine Watteau’s painting, Pilgrimage to Cythera (1717), coming to life, escaping from the Louvre and going shopping in the top Paris couturiers), but its themes chimed directly with my own interests. I plan to explore the film in relation to the 1939 New York World Fair and questions concerning the temporality of fashion. Marcel L’Herbier is a fascinating director and one who deserves much more critical exploration and recognition.
Photo Caption: Still from La Mode revee (1939) by Marcel L’Herbier. Watteau’s painted beauties escape from their frame to go shopping in Paris’ finest couture establishments!
A few weeks ago I took a short study trip to Paris. In the archives at the Bibliotheque nationale de France I found some of the documents relating to the production of La Mode revee. I haven’t seen them referred to anywhere else and I didn’t unearth them until a couple of days in, so it felt like a very satisfying find! Plus, exploring new libraries is always inspiring.
I can be found most days in the British Library. They have (nearly!) all the books and you don’t even have to look for them on the shelves. Once you’ve ordered the book you want online the kindly librarians do all the legwork for you, so all you have to do is pick it up from the counter. That’s a win win in my opinion.
Want to stay up-to-date with the Documenting Fashion blog? Enter your email address below to receive notifications of new posts by email
WASHINGTON: Any residual doubt that Pakistan is a duplicitous terrorist state was set to rest by the time Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif met US President Obama in the White House on Wednesday with leaked US intelligence reports that showed Islamabad acquiesced to Predator strikes on some terrorists targets even as the country\'s intelligence agencies shielded and helped others. The US president also implicitly accused Pakistan of exporting terrorism.
The disclosures relating to drone strikes from 2007 to 2011, when Gen Pervez Musharraf and Asif Ali Zardari were in power, did not stop Sharif from predetermined talking points during his two-hour meeting with the US president that included pleading for a stop to the attacks. \"Pakistan and the United States have a strong ongoing counterterrorism cooperation. We have agreed to further strengthen this cooperation. I also brought up the issue of drones in our meeting, emphasizing the need for an end to such strikes,\' Sharif said with a straight face, with US president next to him.
Obama, who had already spoken by then, ignored the drone issue altogether, but praised Sharif for his commitment in trying to reduce \"incidents of terrorism inside of Pakistan\'s borders, and the degree to which these activities may be exported to other countries.\" Implicit in the remark was that Pakistan is a terrorism-exporting country, and the drone strikes were a legitimate US response in areas where Islamabad has no control and has ceded sovereignty.
The fact that Obama grilled Sharif over Islamabad\'s dodgy approach to terrorism, particularly in reference to India, was confirmed by the Pakistani prime minister himself. \"He (Obama) asked, why the trial of the (Mumbai) terrorist attack in India has not started yet,\" Sharif told reporters soon after the meeting, adding, \"He (Obama) has raised the issue of (Dr Shakil) Afridi. He spoke about cross-border movement. He also talked about Jamaat-ud-Dawa.\"
In public though, the US president was careful not to embarrass his guest too much. \"We talked about security and the concerns that both of us have about senseless violence, terrorism and extremism. And we agreed that we need to continue to find constructive ways to partner together -- ways that respect Pakistan\'s sovereignty, that respect the concerns of both countries,\" Obama said in a nuanced explanation that provided the sub-text to the drones strike imbroglio.
The Obama administration was evidently compelled to leak intelligence reports of the back channel agreement on drone strikes with Pakistan after Sharif upped the ante ahead of his meeting with the US president in an address to the US Institute of Peace on Tuesday, saying the attacks infringed on Pakistani sovereignty, it is an irritant in bilateral ties, and he would raise it with Obama. US officials had tried to walk Sharif away from the subject by suggesting that such strikes were inevitable when Islamabad ceded sovereignty to terrorists and was even complicit in their activity, but faced with Sharif\'s intransigence, partly driven by domestic considerations, the administration leaked a trove of documents to the Washington Post that exposed Pakistan as a dishonest, two-faced country that helped terrorists it considered state assets.
The documents, the Post said, show that not only did US officials share information with Pakistan on drone strikes, but the two sides also clashed on occasions over Pakistani military-intelligence agencies being in cahoots with terrorists. These included time-stamped videos of terrorists dispersing material and themselves soon after being tipped off by an intelligence courier that a drone attack, about which US shared information with Pakistan, was imminent.
In one case, the report says, then US secretary of state Hillary Clinton cited \"cell phones and written material from dead bodies that point all fingers\" at a militant group based in Pakistan. \"The US had intelligence proving ISI was involved with these groups,\" she is cited as saying. In another case, CIA deputy director Mike Morell is said to indicate that the CIA was prepared to share credit with Pakistanis for a drone strike if the agency could confirm that it had killed Ilyas Kashmiri, an al-Qaida operative suspected of ties to plots against India. The agency would do so \"so that the negative views about Pakistan in the US decision and opinion making circles are mitigated.\"
Overall, the disclosures suggest that the United States is cognizant of Pakistan\'s sponsorship of terrorism, but instead of punishing the country, it will selectively leak information to walk it back from its self-destructive path. US President Obama\'s explicit reference to Pakistan exporting terrorism is the closest the US has come to publicly outing it as a terrorist entity.
But there is no indication though that Pakistan, dubbed Denialistan in some quarters, recognizes the gravity of the charges. In his USIP address, Sharif went so far as to assert that \"Pakistan is neither source of nor epicenter of terrorism,\" even though his own political party, the Pakistan Muslim League, has well-chronicled links with terrorist groups such as Lashkar-e-Jhangvi. The government in Punjab led by his brother is reported to make budgetary allocations to the internationally banned terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba aka Jamaat ul-Dawa, even as Washington appropriates US tax-payer dollars as aid to Pakistan.
None of these complications or contradictions is reflected in the 2500-word joint statement issued at the conclusion of the Obama-Sharif meeting. The statement, along with an elaborate fact-sheet, manages the optics of the visit and suggests that all is -- or will be -- hunky-dory between the two sides as the U.S tries to manage the relationship ahead of its 2014 drawdown from Afghanistan.
Dubarah is a global network that bridges Syrian refugees’ problems with solutions, operates in 15 countries with over than 180K volunteers working to support refugees at any necessity and level.
16th August 2017 6th November 2018 admin accommodation, apartments, best accommodation, Edinburgh, Edinburgh apartments, Edinburgh short lets, holiday apartments, short lets, vacation rental
Looking for somewhere extra special to stay whilst visiting our beautiful city of Edinburgh? Here are 10 sumptuous self-catering
October 26, 2017 October 26, 2017 EventilaLeave a Comment on LED illuminated Dupatta and Rajkummar Rao’s Move Steal the show in this new Pallo latke Remix
Have you heard the latest Pallo Latke Remix? No? Just check out this brand new groovy and glamourous song which is surely going to tickle the dancing genes in you. So if your best friend’s wedding is right around the corner, you know which peppy number to choose! Also the LED illuminated dupattas and Raj […]
December 1, 2017 June 30, 2018 Komal GargLeave a Comment on Should you have a “Save the date” video?
Confused about having a ‘Save the Date‘ video for your wedding? ‘Save the Date‘ videos are an interesting and interactive way to announce your wedding to your family and friends. It’s a great way to showcase your personality as a couple and introduce your would-be partner to everyone before the wedding. It is also one […]
It’s almost impossible to skip a wedding after you watch a couple paragliding with their wedding date. If you’re still wondering why would anyone do such a thing, then my friend, you need to open up your eyes to the kind of bizarre things people would do to make their wedding date THE BEST ONE […]
Gareth is director of education advisory company 'the-learning-crowd'. With significant 'trouble shooting' school leadership experience and major involvement with transformation and new school design in the UK and abroad, he remains in demand by a range of clients. Previously Gareth was senior advisor to the Minister of Education (Cayman Islands) on education transformation. This blog tracks his life, views, good ideas and nightmares, but not too seriously!
One of the key concerns of any teacher we meet when considering new learning spaces is storage. Teachers always want more storage for resources, supplies and then for many many things, that can only be called 'stuff'!
Many teachers are prolific hoarders because a range of 'stuff' really will come in useful one day". Touring a school recently, the dreaded tatty cardboard boxes, plastic bags and plastic crates emerged, full, overflowing, never used, firmly in place and never moving. I banned them lying around in my school years ago for this very reason. They never look good and start creating a tatty environment before we start.
During one design engagement, a teacher asked where her 29 filing cabinets were going to go. I'm sorry but no one can regularly use 29 filing cabinets. I am fairly certain that many contained 'stuff' that rarely saw the light of day.
This is an interesting conundrum as more and more schools, or senior teams at least, plan to go to almost all 'on-line' resources. There are now a number who have declared that books will be largely library based - everything else, resources etc, will be on virtual learning environments and work done on hand held devices eliminating the need for exercise books. This is probably the way forward in the 21st century. Therefore there will be less need for storage. I worry if all the staff in these schools have bought into the vision yet and how much support they will get for this big move. It is a massive step for many.
Seeing all the old boxes, bags and crates in the school I visited, I also did wonder what would happen if and when there was no room to 'carefully store' them. Especially as school staff become more mobile, more technologically dependent and have less access to their own dedicated rooms.
Will staff lose all their physical 'stuff', and if they do, will it be replaced with a special dedicated on-line site just for 'stuff' - even if it is 'virtual stuff'?'
Labels: 'stuff', 21st century learning environments, handheld devices, mobility, shared spaces, storage, virtual learning environments
I enjoyed this comment.. teachers leave c**p everywhere... and we never use it...... it's just we hate chucking anything away. Stuff is too polite term for it really.
I've moved school fIn mom one where the Head was ruthless about it. My new school the Head does not even see it. It's grim.
It's not always out fault - there just is not enough storage to put all the things we need. Anyway, I like my bags - at least know where everything is.
Try teaching in a Centre for Learning. There is no space to put anything down. There isn't even anywhere secure to leave your laptop.
the laptop comment is a serious point - the push about having technology means we have to look after it in every school.
Detroit-transplant Ouizi has been making a name for herself since she moved to the city in 2014. As a now-established artist in Detroit, her art has spread like weeds throughout the city. What she paints though, is much more beautiful.
Ouizi is known for her sweeping brush-stroke floral paintings and the GMRENCEN is lucky enough to have one inside the building. You can find Ouizi’s pink-flower mural inside the GMRENCEN-Starbucks on Level 2, next to the United States Postal Office and Edible Arrangements. Have you seen it already?
Louise Jones paints under the name “Ouizi” (pronounced wee-zeh) and moved from Los Angeles to Detroit in 2014, now calling the city home. Ouizi’s street-art offers close up views of detailed floral arrangements and patterns, often looking like a wrap around a building.
The 29-year-old artist began painting when she was a child and has been evolving her craft ever since. Ouizi’s painting technique of large brush strokes has been heavily influenced by her Chinese-American culture, specifically integrating Chinese calligraphy into her murals. She equates her murals to writing a story or reading a short story.
Here is my newest mural in Detroit!! It is located near the intersection of Michigan and Junction. Thank you to the AIA Detroit – Urban Priorities Committee, Rena Bradley in particular for envisioning the M(i) Town Pilot Project. Thank you to the Michigan Avenue Business Association for helping to execute the plan and Southwest Solutions for helping fund the project!!
Chances are you’ve probably seen Ouizi’s murals in the city before. She has two adjacent murals in Eastern Market, and she is closely associated with the farmer’s market because of it. Ouizi even designed the official poster for the 50th anniversary of Eastern Market’s popular Flower Day in 2017.
She also has outdoor works along the Dequindre Cut, on Agnes Street in West Village, and on the corner of Michigan and Junction in Southwest Detroit. Indoors, you can find her work at Astro Coffee, Craft Work, Red Hook Coffee, Chartreuse, and of course our own GMRENCEN-Starbucks.
Ouizi also has a nine-wall, three-story high mural collection at the Grand Rapids Ballet. Nationally, you can find her work between Atlanta, Brooklyn, Chicago and Hawaii.
Botanical master Louise Chen aka @0uizi created this glorious one-of-a-kind coffee mural for a new store by our our Licensed Store Design Studio at Detroit’s GM Ren Cen.
As we prepare for 2019 Go Scotland Tours will still be offering a limited amount of tours for those travelling to Edinburgh, Glasgow or Inverness in the cold winter months. Scotland’s landscape changes throughout the season so don’t miss out on the opportunity to see the snowy mountains and glistening lochs. A perfect time of year to escape the crowds and grab a wee dram of whisky on one of our distillery tours. Join one of our group tours from city centre or hire a private guide for your own personal tour experience of Scotland in the winter.
Keep up to date on tour offers in Scotland with the Go Scotland Tours Newsletter. We will let you know new tours being offered from all different types of themes in all parts of Scotland. Very often we will have specials that we post on our Facebook Page, Twitter, and Blog. So make sure to follow if you haven’t already!
Warm your insides up by hoping on one of our whisky day tours this winter. Go Scotland Tours can arrange one of our proffessional tour guides for a private tour with a tailor-made itinerary. Hear about the fascinating history of Scotland’s famous spirit and how in modern times it has become a strong industry. See the process from the barley to the cask to the glass. What is your favourite whisky? Maybe we have a tour that goes there.
Our Edinburgh Highland Whisky Tour has become a popular way to experience whisky, a castle, and the highlands in one day. We start with a visit to Deanson Distillery which is based just outside Stirling. A unique distillery which is inside a converted mill. Deanston’s Virgin Oak Whisky is one of the only Scotchs that ages in a first use cask. From here we make a quick visit to Doune Castle otherwise known as Castle Leoch in Outlander but before then it was Swamp Castle in Monty Python. Enjoy lunch in a traditional Scottish Pub before your scenic drive through the Highlands. Then the Famous Grouse Experience will be our last whisky stop.
From Inverness or Aberdeen you can go to the popular Speyside Whisky region on a private tour. Speyside has the most concentration of whisky distilleries in Scotland which makes it very easy to see 2 or 3 in one day. Our tours can take you to the most popular whiskies such as Glenfiddich and Glenlivet. Tailor-made bespoke private tours can also be arrange to such distilleries as Macallan, Aberlour or Benromach. Experience the sweet Speyside whisky and beatiful highlands in the winter.
Other private whisky tours available include Auchentoshan and Glengoyne from Glasgow, and Edradour Distillery and Blair Castle from Edinburgh.
– Let us take you on a private whisky tour fueled adventure through the Speyside whisky regions, where we will tour the most renowned distilleries in the country.
– Discover whisky on a day tour from Edinburgh. See the magical process of creating whisky at two distilleries; Glengoyne and Deanston, also views of Loch Lomond..
– Half Afternoon Day Tour from Glasgow to the Bonnie Banks of Loch Lomond via the River Clyde then tour and tasting at Glengoyne Highland Malt Whisky Distillery.
Discover the capital of Scotland and it’s medieval streets on a walking tour of the Royal Mile. Keep out of the cold and rain and decend to the underground of Edinburgh and hear the chilling tales and ghost stories.
Edinburgh group tours continue to run in the winter time. Such day tours as Loch Ness, Loch Lomond/Stirling Castle, Rosslyn Chapel/Dunfermline, Hadrians Wall/Borders, Wallace/whisky tour and more.
Day Tours from Edinburgh– Full day Scotland tours from Edinburgh going to Loch Ness, Highlands, Stirling Castle, Scottish Borders, Rosslyn Chapel. Also Half day walking city tours of Royal Mile and Edinburgh Underground.
New for 2019 we will be offering regular tours from Aberdeen city centre. Tours to Dunnotar Castle, Royal Deeside, Balmoral Castle, Speyside and more. Please check back with us soon for more details.
Granite & Marble Countertops and more. Makeover your kitchen with direct access to local sales, fabricators and installers of Custom fabricated counter tops in 1,000's granite colors, | Your Dream Kitchen Awaits
There is no clear way to say what is "countertop material is better" in general. Its really what is important to you. How we define this is to go over the properties of each material and see what matches with your goals.
Stain/chemical Resistant **** (4 Stars - very resistant but can scratch and discolor in some conditions)
Visual Appeal *** (3 Stars - mimic natural stone more and more - certain commercial applications consistency in color make this a better choice)
Price ** (2 Stars - for the quality material this price is very expensive. knock off quartz does not have the qualities listed above.)
Lets talk about "quartz countertops". Quartz countertops claim to be extremely durable , stain and heat resistant. They are but more and more companies are put out inferior materials. how is quartz countertops made. Basically take any material such as quartz, glass and other materials and mash it up into little pieces. Then compress this material down as tight as possible and inject a material to hold everything together.. I have heard this called resin, epoxy, polymer.. these are all fancy words for plastic. Basically these very durable materials quartz, glass, etc are all held together with a plastic material. The more plastic the more susceptible the countertop will be to fading, and bleaching. The original companies that built the reputation of quartz countertops are now faced with cheaper knock of products that don't have the same durability factors as other countertops materials
Lets talk about the look of quartz countertops. The first quartz countertops on the market were very uniform in color and appearance. Over time the process and product has become more sophisticated. Many quartz products now have attempted to mimic the looks of natural stone. The only way to do this is to change the manufacturing process and the material to control colors of the material by coloring the plastic material. This increases the amount of viewable plastic and requires clear material to construct the countertops.
If you are going to go with a quartz countertop I recommend one with a warranty and a long one. These are going to be pretty expensive but based on what is coming into the market today. You will see more and more people complaining of issues with these cheaper quartz countertops and that will affect the market for the more reputable provided.
Price *** (3 Stars - Supply and demand has reduced cost and made this product more access able to more people.)
Granite became populate for residential home back in the early 80s and has been a market lead ever since. Since the housing crisis of 2007 the demand in the new home market dropped and the market had to respond with a more attractive price point for the residential consumer. Demand grew to remodel existing homes. All materials for countertops try to mimic the look and appearance of granite countertops. Granite countertops will remain a leader for some time to come. Granite Countertops have the greatest perceived value when it comes to selling your home. All other materials do not have the same level of desirability to the general public.
Maintenance is low to once a year applying a sealing application. granite is extremely hear resistant and stain resistance but sealing your stone is important to its long standing beauty.
Durability *** (3 Stars - Marble is used for statues due to it properties and ability to last many life times but for kitchen use this material is not recommended without some kind of intense sealing application.)
Price ** (2 Stars - marble is still one of the most expense materials on the market and is fragile to work with so does cost more to fabricate.)
When it comes to beauty of natural stone nothing can quite match the look of marble and the veining for the whites, blacks, reds and greens. Marble is made from compressed limestone. This is not a very durable material to stand up to kitchen use but has been widely accepted in bathrooms and for fireplaces and other decorative areas. Limestone is porous and can stain pretty easily.
Our mission is to provide you with superior products and services through our network of fabricators. We provide access to some of the best craftsman in the business. We help ensure that your experience with our providers exemplifies the Quality, Service and value that YOU expect. If at any time you have any questions please feel free to contact us during your granite countertop purchase and installation. Granite Countertops
The locksmith is still the most sought-after profession on earth. We are surrounded by a large number of apartments, houses, offices or cars. They contain many devices and mechanisms that require minor repairs or adjustments. local locksmith can help you with this.
Broken key or slammed the door, your car stalled or does not work well, bought a new shelf or bought a huge sofa? You need a local locksmith.
If you have a scheduled repair or warranty service, then you need to contact a specialized support service. Attention! Only there!
If you want to make small changes, do not look at the locksmith at all. Do it yourself. Ask for help on the Internet.
Qualification locksmith – this is the first and most important property that you need to pay attention. It can be assessed by the reviews that people leave about the locksmith or by the works that he has already completed.
Locksmith communication is an additional skill that will allow you to get the service with pleasure.
Residential locksmith services Locksmith services 24 7 locksmith services Locksmith near me for cars Locksmith for cars near me Car locksmith near me Local locksmith services near me Local locksmith near me Local locksmith services Local locksmith for cars
Staff Directory. Please click on the name links to view the employee details. Corporate Office, Contact Name, Contact Info. Jim Abbott Chairman .
Mar 5, 2008 . BBB's Business Review for American Security Mortgage Corp., Business Reviews and Ratings for American Security Mortgage Corp. in .
Welcome to the company profile of American Security Mortgage on LinkedIn. mortgage banking located in Charlotte, North Carolina with offices throughout the .
View 1 American Security Mortgage Corporation jobs on LinkedIn. Discover inside connections when you're looking for a job or new business opportunity.
Current: Senior Loan Officer at American Security Mortgage Corporation; Education: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Art Institute of Atlanta .
A highly respected mortgage banking company founded in 1999 by James A. Abbott, Chairman and Phil R. Mahoney, President and CEO.
Direct lender - First mortgages,residential, single family, condos, townhomes- average years of mortgage experience per loan officer =20 years +.
The first matrix to measure recruiting performance and provide the actionable insights you need to successfully hire tech talent.
The HackerRank main() meetup series is the first of its kind. Sitting at the intersection of tech and recruiting, mai...
Machine Learning (ML) is one of the biggest tech trends penetrating the market today. It’s often used to help compani...
In a perfect world, full-stack developers are developers that can—in theory—create a usable end product with minimal ...
There are many qualifications to account for when filling technical roles. Attributes like seniority, technical skill...
This is part of our hiring checklist series, where we share insights to help you screen developers. You can find our ...
This is Part 2 of a 4-part series on Building Your Tech Talent Brand. Part 1 explains what exactly a tech talent bran...
Machine learning is changing every industry, from making cars autonomous to predicting stock market behaviors, and th...
This is Part 1 of a 4-part series on How to Build Your Tech Talent Brand. In this post, we’re diving into what exactl...
Today in celebration of International Women's Day we are releasing a special collection featuring poetry about resiliency and courage. 50% of the proceeds from these pieces will go to Mountain2Mountain, a non profit organization working to provide education and opportunity for women and girls in war-torn Afghanistan.
When Shannon Galpin, the founder of M2M, contacted me about collaborating I felt incredibly honored. She is an inspiring woman who is doing important and wonderful work. Again, I am so honored and to create these special pieces for M2M and to be asked to be part of this cause.
My talisman is a silver ring that I've had for several years. It's now scratched and has a small dent but I wear it every day because of the words inscribed upon the silver.
Words have power. We use them to express feeling and invoke emotion. Words can rally the masses, rage against injustice and soothe a broken heart. Time and time again, we return to familiar passages, quotes and phrases to remind us of how others described what we have felt.
I am a lover of the power of words. I surround myself with quotes from Churchill, poetry from Hafiz and the words of great orators, philosophers and writers to inspire and push me forward.
Several years ago my family gave me the silver ring that has become my talisman - a piece from San Francisco designer, Jeanine Payer. The inscription by Longfellow reads, "the lowest ebb is at the turn of the tide."
They gave it to me to remind me to be strong, follow my heart and believe that the tide would one day turn. I had recently cashed in all of my meager personal funds to launch a nonprofit called Mountain2Mountain, an organization dedicated to empowering the women and children of Afghanistan. I had a two-year-old daughter and I was taking a huge personal risk. Nevertheless, I decided to set the best possible example for my daughter by investing in the belief that I could build a sustainable organization that could benefit women and girls for generations to come. I've never looked back.
There is an unusual strength that comes from wearing the words that inspire us. The power of words in a tangible form, present on our bodies, is like a whisper in your ear, "be strong, be brave, don't give up".
Jewelry is not the first thing anyone would normally reach for when selecting an appropriate wardrobe to take to a war zone. But it has been for me. I've worn that ring on every trip to Afghanistan. Jeanine didn't know it at the time, but she was with me through multiple trips, under burqas in Kandahar, sleeping in village homes, and inside women's prisons. She rode a buzkashi horse, fished in the Panjshir river, and was there when I became the first woman to mountain bike in Afghanistan. She has survived suicide bombs and gun attacks. Her ring and those words have protected and inspired me through it all.
The ring has been a constant reminder that the turn of the tide is always coming, wave after wave, day after day. Today the ring is criss-crossed with scratches and has a small dent, but even that reminds me of everything I have accomplished, with Mountain2Mountain, and as a mother.
It's always with me, not like a lucky pair of socks, but as a powerful amulet bestowing courage and hope even in the darkest of times. Its words inspire my next steps, linking my future actions to the words I wear.
A few years ago, on my birthday, my parents gave me a pair of Jeanine's earrings. "I dwell in possibility," they say. While I don't wear them as often, I smile every time I slide them on. Every time I wear them, I dwell in possibility. They remind me that everything and anything is possible if I am willing to forge ahead.
A few months ago I reached out to Jeannie to share the story of my ring and thank her for all it's meant to me. I asked if she understood the power of her designs and the inscriptions. She sent me a link from People magazine that talked about the power of words and talismans. She is keenly aware that aware that words can spark change and inspire courage.
In honor of the 100th Anniversary of International Women's Day, Jeanine has agreed to collaborate with me on five pieces of jewelry to benefit Mountain2Mountain's work to create gender equity and girls' education in Afghanistan. She has designed five beautiful pieces that are powerful representations of the courage of women all around the world. Her designs are inscribed with these words:
...and, in honor of the power of my own talisman, she has reintroduced the Longfellow quote from the ring she designed several years ago. The one I wear:
It is my sincere hope that our collaboration, the power of these words, and the proceeds that go to help us empower more women and girls in Afghanistan will help lead to a turning of the tide in women's rights all around the world.
There’s nothing good about the old days. They are just the old days. They have long gone, yet we long for fleeing feelings that cannot be recreated. Time should not be wasted in such a way. “Dear Phone, stop wasting my time. You are designed out of dumbness.” Sometimes it’s not the thing that is […]
Discovering vocation does not mean scrambling to some prize just beyond my reach but accepting the treasure of true self I already possess. Vocation does not come from a voice “out there” calling me to become something I’m not. It comes from a voice “in here” calling me to become the person I was born to be, to fulfill the original selfhood given me at birth by God. — Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation
The newest addition to Washington’s museum circuit re-establishes a Victorian townhouse in Chinatown as a vital center for German-American relations.
Pets to fly in the main cabin – not in cargo. Delray Beach, FL, April 16th, 2009. Pet Airways, today announced that it will be launching the first pet-only airline specifically designed for the...
Summer is packed with special events perfect for the weekend traveler. Consider the holiday weekends below, each with their own line-up of performances, festivals and events fit for the whole family:
Arizona has no DST. During summer Arizona has the same time as California, in winter it has the same time as Colorado.
By accessing and using this website you agree to comply with our Terms of Use / Disclaimer / Copyright Info.
[Guest Blog] Lessons learned from my experience using Market Dojo eAuction software ~ The Secret Diary of Market Dojo
Jon Brinsmead has been buying goods and services for clients for over 20 years, working with the likes of Unilever and Transport for London whilst providing training in commercial management for the same period of time.
Jon shares his thoughts on his years of experience using Market Dojo to teach IT managers about deal making and eAuctions.
As a seller or buyer - when you decide to run an eAuction for the first time a few things are worth thinking about and taking time over to get the best outcome. As a buyer it’s good to undertake the same preparations that the seller will do – so you can get into the minds of your sellers.
Preparation – Like most things in life, it’s all about the preparation. You need to design your bid strategy ahead of executing it. Like DJ’s you need 2 decks to run an eAuction well.
This is where you put in your bid prices and set out your strategy for each round, based on what you plan to happen. Here you should work (in advance) through all of the different scenarios and strategies, planning on what could happen during the auction – giving you the ability to adapt and react to what the other sellers are doing. I usually run this in Excel but whichever software you are most comfortable using is best.
This is where you will be putting in your selling prices and watching what is happening with the auction in real time.
The technical side – make sure your IT is working and solid, internet connections must be good and reliable and it’s no bad thing to ensure you are logged in ahead of time.
Market Dojo has a sandbox feature where you can practice an auction ahead of using it in anger – this is a really useful feature and worth taking any staff who are planning to be involved in auctions through. You may need to arrange for user IDs from Market Dojo to be able to use this.
Market Dojo helps procurement professionals negotiate better with our on-demand eSourcing tools. If you’d like to find out more, get in touch or register for free and play around with our software for yourself!
31.3.17Craig KnowlesAuctions, commercial training, deal making, eAuctions, jon, jon brinsmead, sourcing, teach, teaching, trainingNo comments
We are a dynamic UK company that creates smart procurement applications covering eSourcing, Opportunity Assessment, Innovation & Supplier onBoarding.
We have just implemented Japanese Auction capability in our software at the recent request of a customer of ours. Despite our procureme...
We thought it would be interesting to look back at some of the leading tech at the turn of the millennium, things that we've all no dou...
'Negotiation is the DNA of business' was Alan Sugar's opening line in the boardroom following the negotiation task on 10th ser...
Introducing one of the new members to the Market Dojo Family Sophia Binns . We asked our newest addition a couple of questions to find out...
The Market Dojo team arrived at the Grange Tower hotel for the annual CIPS conference just in time for registration and the keynote speec...
This article is a short analysis of the Modern Slavery Act 2015. For further information, I have included some useful links at the bottom of...
Studying myself in the mirror these days, it's hard not to notice the jungle of hairs in my nasal cavities. They're prolific, and they're getting bolder too. I caught a few the other day sneaking ever further downward, trying to disguise themselves as mustache.
I don't tell you this because I think you're fascinated with nose hair (though I certainly won't judge you if you are), I mention this only to illustrate the unintentional theme of this year, which seems to be "getting older." Yes, between listening to NPR on my way to and from my 8-5 job, and doing household tasks like raking the leaves and cleaning out the gutters on my new house, I'm feeling more and more like an old man, and it doesn't help that I'm now halfway to 50 years old.
Luckily, I can still pretend I'm young and hip by tweeting on Twitter. That's the "micro-blogging" web service that exploded into pop culture this year, and now even the old folks like CNN and my mother are using it regularly. It seems the world only wants information now if it comes to them in 140 characters or less. So I've decided to embrace it and write the Christmas letter using this series of fake and informative tweets. Be forewarned: like Twitter, not all of these "tweets" below are substantive or appropriate. Re-tweet if you like it.
markjlehman: "Back in Sac from Deutschland. Good to be home, but already missing pretzels and bratwursts. Oh, and Ellen, too." - 10:24 AM, Dec 23, 2008
MichelleLehman: "Tricked the Sac Assoc. of Realtors into putting me on Board of Directors. Taking over the world, 1 board at a time, 1 year at a time." - 10:56 AM, Jan 9, 2009
DanoManoLehman: "RIP Black Beauty aka my bitchin' Camaro. New Mazda will never quite replace you, but at least it will run reliably and with 1/2 the fuel." - 8:19 PM, Feb 1, 2009
markjlehman: "Now gainfully employed as estimator for contracting firm. That makes 2 jobs I've had where my Euro Studies degree was basically useless." - 5:27 PM, Feb 4, 2009
DeaconDave: "Durty Nelly's was a bad idea last night. At C21 Convention in San Antonio & just ripped a smelly beer fart in the middle of keynote address." - 12:32 PM, March 9, 2009
EllenKLehman: "Working on my Scottish brogue in Edinburgh. Tried Scotch - big mistake. Still trying to find Scottish flag underwear." - 8:46 PM, April 8, 2009
Deacon Dave: "Just rocked that homily - Ta DA! Best one since my MC Hammer rap sesh in 2001. Anxious to see reaction of the RCIA class I teach tomorrow." - 11:08 AM, April 12, 2009
EllenKLehman: "My family's here in Germany! 1st stop- Switzerland, then we'll be the only folks on our block to see the mini-country of Liechtenstein." - 8:17 AM, April 13, 2009
markjlehman: "House hunting in this market is insane. 10+ offers but keep getting beat out by cash buyers. Moving to tent city becoming viable option." - 7:57 PM, May 13, 2009
DeaconDave: "On top of Angel's Landing in Zion Nat'l Park, UT. King of the Mountain! Climbing 1200ft in desert in summer = great vacation. Mom disagrees." - 3:22 PM, May 20, 2009
MichelleLehman: "Vegas! Last stop of vacation with Reibolds. One more play on the penny slots and I'm sure I'd win big, but Dad says no. I can quit anytime." - 2:03 PM, May 26, 2009
markjlehman: "Weeklong Ireland trip. At Dublin Zoo - was hoping animals would have Irish lilt. Not sure why I expected that, but still left disappointed." - 11:12 AM, May 24, 2009
EllenKLehman: "Mark dragged me to Jameson Distillery in Dublin. Blech! At least now we know: if I don't like whiskey here, I won't like it anywhere." - 4:23 PM, May 25, 2009
EllenKLehman: "Said goodbye and good riddance to Germany, now tackling a mountain of wedding planning all summer. Mark's 'helping' with about 3 things." - 2:11 PM, July 2, 2009
DanoManoLehman: "Checked out Jimi Hendrix Experience Museum in Seattle with good friends Becky and Christina. Becoming more a hippie every minute of my trip." 11:42 PM, Aug 15, 2009
DeaconDave: "Babies everywhere! Drove to San Diego to visit cousins Jeff & Rach & little goofball Kai, then to LA to baptize friends' new baby." - 6:17 PM, Aug 23, 2009
MichelleLehman: "Closed escrow today on my youngest (and favorite) son's 1st house, a month late but in time for his wedding Saturday. Just call me Supermom." - 2:15 PM, Sept 1, 2009
DanoManoLehman: "It's wedding season! Bro's and high school buddy's weddings this month. Grab that net and catch that beautiful butterfly!" - 6:37 PM, Sept 3, 2009
DeaconDave: "Frist Irsh car bomb. Mark's getining is getting married tomomorrow! Michelelle and I os excited to have a daugiheter! Rom is spinnning" - 1:12 AM, Sept 5, 2009
EllenKLehman: "As of yesterday, I'm the newest Mrs. Lehman. Mark 'Freudian slipped' and said he's made an 'awesome' woman of me." - 8:11 AM, Sept 6, 2009
markjlehman: "Yosemite on honeymoon with the wifey. Nothing quite like the excitement generated by the constant threat of a bear attack." - 12:31 PM, Sept 12, 2009
DeaconDave: "Weekly visit w/ my dad. At the dentist, filling 8 cavities - Grandpa says 'I think I'd rather die of tooth decay.'" - 4:14 PM, Sept 14, 2009
MichelleLehman: "9:30 Sunday mass with choir group. Today, someone let out a tooter while the mics were on. In this situation, What Would Jesus Do?" - 10:42 AM, Oct 18, 2009
DanoManoLehman: "Finally back surfing after ruptured ligaments in foot, ankle and lower back strain. Was basically a broken and bitter man this season." - 8:12 AM, Nov 14, 2009
EllenKLehman: "Finished 1st day as holiday help at Macy's fragrance counter. Great success! But now I smell like a weird mixture of diva & gold digger." - 9:23 PM, Dec 6, 2009
markjlehman: "Married and moved out, yet me writing Christmas letter still foregone conclusion. I should really start charging a fee for this..." - 4:47 PM, Dec 13, 2009
Having been surrounded almost all my life by people with a not-so-rare condition called "persistent and chronic tardiness," I've become a sort of expert on deciphering their language. In case you are wondering -- your boss at work who keeps you later because he didn't get there until 10, or that friend who rolls up at 5:30 when you were supposed to meet at 5 -- these people aren't going to change. They're not going to wake up one day and think, "I'd like to make an improvement in my life that will directly and positively affect the most people around me. I know, I'll start being punctual!" No, these people will probably be late for their own funerals. So the best way to deal with them is just to learn their language.
That said, here are a few common expressions of the chronically tardy, and their translations for the rest of us:
"I'm thinking about leaving in the next half hour. And yes, I know I was supposed to be there an hour ago."
"At one point I intended to make it there at the specified time, but as soon as I got out of bed this morning I knew it would be a wash."
We got a Wii machine as a gift for our wedding a few months back, and I've been having fun tinkering with it and playing all sorts of games on it. Just read about how to play the original Duck Hunt on the Wii, so I was giving that the old college try. It's fun, but definitely not the same.
I have fond memories of playing Duck Hunt and holding the gun right up against the TV to "cheat," and still not being able to get past level 10 or so when grandpa, who hunts real ducks with real guns, came along, grabbed the gun, and wasted ducks like he was Rambo and killing was going out of style.
However, something occurred to me while playing this new version on the Wii... How the heck did the original Duck Hunt work?
This was the early 80s, before the iPod, before the World Wide Web, and before Jamaica had a bobsled team. We didn't have the cool techno-craziness we do now where we can push a button on our phones and cook dinner, mow the lawn and flush the toilet at the same time. We just had a big gray box called a Nintendo Entertainment System and an orange gun that looked like it belonged in a cartoon version of "Star Wars."
Well, apparently I'm not the only one who has wondered this. A quick Google search led me to my answer:
Here's what happens. You shoot at a duck, which appears on an ordinary TV screen. The gun is connected to the game console; pressing the trigger blackens the screen, then causes a duck-shaped white target to appear momentarily. If your aim is true, a photo sensor in the gun detects the shift from dark to light, and bingo--dead duck. In short, the TV emits the light pulse and the gun detects it, not the other way around. [via The Straight Dope]
It's when I find out about something like this -- a simple, yet ingenious trick that provided endless entertainment throughout my childhood and adult life -- that I wonder to myself if we as a species just aren't as creative as we used to be.
Stay away from Britain if you're afraid of uggos. According to a dating website called BeautifulPeople.com, the British are some of the ugliest people in the world. Scandinavians, on the other hand, are some of the most attractive. From the Reuters news article:
Fewer than one in eight British men and just three in 20 women who have applied to BeautifulPeople.com have been accepted, an emailed statement from the website showed.
Swedish men have proved the most successful, with 65 percent being accepted, while Norwegian women are considered the most beautiful with 76 percent accepted, the website said.
I wrote a similar news article back in 2004 without any concrete sources and entirely based on anecdotal experience from studying abroad in Spain and traveling around Europe. However, my conclusion was as follows:
German chicks are cute. British chicks are attractive. Italian chicks are hot. Spanish chicks are hotter. Swedish chicks are hottest. And Scottish chicks are downright ugly.
A. I must have seen a disproportionate number of attractive British women during my brief passes through.
I'm not sure which would be sadder. If 'A' is accurate, then British women have always been unattractive and I just got lucky with the visuals. However, 'B' does not bode well for the future, because we can reasonably assume that they will continue to become less attractive over time, as illustrated in the graph below:
I've been doing a lot of packing, moving, organizing, and going through old stuff lately because I've had a few life changes (more on that in later posts). However, I came upon a gem when I was cleaning out my closet: an old journal from 6th grade. My 6th grade teacher use to schedule journaling sessions every so often, and being a 6th grade boy, it seems my journaling was only used as a channel to air my grievances about the unfairness of life.
I like hamsters because they’re cute and furry. Whenever you get bored you can hold them and pet them. Most of them are really nice. I had two but they both died of the same disease.
For the record, I still agree with all of those points, but through life experience, I've learned that when it come to animals, nothing quite beats the turtle -- they're just so wise. I learned that from the Tootsie Roll Pop commercials of yesteryear:
Of course, every time you think you know something with any degree of certainty, life turns it on its head. Example:
I love this Google Doodle for today! One of my favorite books, with this gloriously awesome animation. I really need to start drawing again, all this great animation stuff with JS and HTML5/CSS3 gives a great way to convey art without the bloat of an additional plugin.
I hate getting tripped up on silly interview questions, and I usually always rework them afterwards to see what brief moment of dumbness I was suffering during the interview.
On a “field trip” I took recently just for fun b/c of who it was, I had a problem presented like this, with a jsFiddle link to my current solution below.
An interview question, to create a generic function that will give a path for cursor animation on a “search menu” that is displayed like:
The problem assumptions were that you are always dealing with uppercase letters, no special characters, no spaces, etc. The beginning always starts at ‘A’. You are also given a dynamic width (to worry about), so your function can traverse any size menu. I got tripped up on this after getting barraged with a bunch of core JS language questions, so here’s a stab at the solution, minus some additional work to not traverse boundaries (outside the matrix or in places where there are no selectable letters).
Well, I wish I would have had this at a previous job. This is really nice approach to building apps in the system, and will definitely make it easier and quicker to build IT apps without muddying up the core application, and further “hindering people from trivial tasks”. With the amount of hacking I used to do in there, I wonder how hackable this is in the sense of keeping everything contained. I’ll probably do some tinkering with their demo site just to see. Well done ServiceNow!
(Also love the new Santa Clara office building I saw a couple of weeks ago, guess that means no more “renting”)
[update]: Another tidbit one of my friends at the ServiceNow conference just sent me, a way to tie a real editor (Sublime in this case) into working with SN scripting: https://fruition18.service-now.com/sn_sublime.do
After fully playing with AngularJS for a recent hack at work, I fell in love with it’s simplicity. Using ExpressJS, NodeJS, and AngularJS together is awesome, but then I ran into some headaches (that I easily worked through) using Redis as the NoSQL db. After reading this article, I think I know what I’ll be experimenting with on the next (next) hack day.
Can’t get much simpler for quickly and nimbly building an app for a hack, and potentially further expanding it’s awesomeness.
In a recent hack day at work, a coworker approached me about toying around with D3, a cool Javascript library to do really rich, interactive visualizations of data. Since my last hack day I only decided to quietly redo my marshallupshur.com site, I decided to jump in on the fun.
In a nutshell, D3.js is AWESOME, THE BEES KNEES, EPIC…. and a great way to make you remember geometry
We ended up creating a visualized way of monitoring events with our home product, so you can see alarm notifications, arming info, etc. all on a cool little graph. Best thing about, it’s all real-time, must better than the cached long poll list that is there now.
Great fun, I hope to participate in more of these hack days, as it has branched out into me hacking together things for other hobbies of mine….
Just finished up this great book a friend passed my way called “Javascript Enlightenment”. File this under “a book I wish I would have read years ago”. It is a great read for a couple of days, and if you are really trying to understand some of the key concepts and behaviors of the language, read it.
It doesn’t go into as much depth of why stuff is good or bad, like Javascript: The Good Parts, but it takes the good parts and really hammers them home on how they work, why they work, and when to use them effectively. If you mostly use provided libraries to get things done, this book will glass door to how these libraries do the things they do, and hopefully start you on a path to writing your own libraries or adding your own contributions. It also includes the best explanation of closures and the prototype chain that I’ve seen, which finally gave me my light bulb *click* moment of full understanding.
Since my old blog on mbu Creations is pretty much dead (and I’m working on revamping/upgrading that anyway), I think I’ll start a new one here. I’ll keep it Tumblr-ish to keep it simple, but I won’t use Tumblr b/c well, I like having more control over my stuff and playing around.
I’ll do posts about general thoughts, things I’m tinkering with, and cool stuff I see around the internet (and in the real world).
This blog may not stay in this overly simplistic state. Since I love messing around with anything web, I’ll more than likely use this as a test ground for something, be it cool CSS3, some HTML5 wizardry, or some funky JS, expect to see stuff change.
I am a full time father of nine. I seek to raise godly sons and daughters for the glory of God. I love to write and speak. I am currently a web developer.
Some of the most special people in the world are those individuals who go through life bearing the challenge of Down Syndrome. My sister-in-law, Lori, was just such an individual. She passed away in 2002 due to cancer. She is sorely missed by her parents, her brother, my wife, my children, and myself, as well as many others whom she touched in her brief 26 years. Lori was much more like a cousin than an aunt to my children. She used to sit down at the table and color in her coloring book or draw pictures along with my three oldest. My second son, and fourth oldest child was a baby when we lost Lori, and Lori loved him.
One special memory I have with Lori is showing up to watch her run in the Special Olympics. If you've never been to such an event, I would highly recommend going. It is a day full of competition, but also full of love. It's a time when you stand and cheer the person who comes in last place and congratulate them for finishing the race. It's not uncommon to see participants stop to help a fellow competitor if they fall down. At the end of the race everyone gets hugs.
Though we are all born with a sin nature, the sin nature of precious souls who have Down Syndrome are often the same type of sin nature you observe in your toddler. Yes, they are selfish at times. They may cry on a whim, but they are some of the most loving people you will ever know.
So you can imagine my shock when I read the following news story out of the Washington Post this morning:
Flippantly commenting to Jay Leno on his poor skill at bowling, President Hussein remarked, "It's like -- it was like Special Olympics, or something." How dare he insult Americans with disabilities like this?!!! To make such a trite remark shows his utter disregard for human life. It emphasizes that his pre-election comment that determining when life begins is "above his pay grade" truly reflects his core beliefs.
What more can I say? The American people have truly elected a despicable, evil person for a commander in chief. I used to think Bill Clinton was the worst modern president we've ever had. But the Democratic party has outdone themselves with this character. They are going to have to work really hard to find a lower low life than this guy next time around.
The time: an alternative present still ruled by Imperial Rome. Over half the world's people have vanished overnight, in a forgotten catastrophe known only as the Amnesis. The survivors share a common affliction: a pervasive sense of déjà vu, making the faces of strangers seem oddly familiar...
Stranger still is the Paradigma: a formula devised by elusive magus Zerkalo Incarnadine, and delivered to Caesar in his underground fortress. Before long, the true power of the Paradigma begins to reveal itself. It can turn the written word into a force for creation – or destruction.
When alchemist, intriguer and full-time rogue Andreas Stahlherz learns of the Paradigma, he is catapulted into an adventure that will soon see him fighting for his life. Darkly obsessed with the sister he has lost, and resolved to see her live again, Stahlherz must track down Incarnadine to find the answers he needs. His search will take him beyond the limits of the known cosmos – and further still, towards his own forgotten heart of darkness...
A wildly original and gripping debut, INCARNADINE is a novel of murder, obsession – and transformation.
“Literary Science Fiction at its finest… like Neal Stephenson at his baroque best… Utterly original, this tale of the disintegration of reality in a Roman Empire that never fell is a must buy for the serious Science Fiction reader. If you enjoy Stephenson or China Mieville, S.M Guariento may just be your new hero.” – Mark Stockton, scifi365.net
S.M.Guariento was born in London, England and educated at the Manchester Grammar School. After this he spent an instructive year in Leeds learning how not to be a dentist, before finally graduating from UMIST with a degree in Management Sciences. Since graduating he has been employed full-time in NHS Finance, where his affinity for the absurd finds a natural home. He spends his spare time obsessively re-reading the works of J.G.Ballard, collecting vintage film posters and listening to electronic music. He also enjoys bragging of his family connection with the 14th Century artist Guariento di Arpo, which scholars have yet to disprove. INCARNADINE is his first novel.
I'm Aparna, an artist based out of New Delhi. In addition to being an architecture graduate, and now a full-time illustrator, I've been blogging about my love of books, decor & fashion since early 2011. I also post weekly comics about life as an introvert, (mis)adventures of reluctant adulting, the puppy eyed and much bearded love of my life (now husband), and my (very real) imaginary cat called Billi.
We’ve shared a blondie recipe here at Do More for Less before. It’s one of our favorite recipes and today we’re back to share a blondie recipe with a twist! Ever wanted to see what a peanut butter cup would taste like in brownie form? Well now you can! These Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Blondies are exactly that and you’ll think you’ve died and gone to heaven once you’ve had one melt in your mouth. And the best part about this recipe is that it’s a breeze to make! All it takes is about 45 minutes and then presto! You’ll have a treat to share (or not) that everyone will absolutely love!
In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and brown sugar, stirring constantly until smooth. Remove from the heat, and stir in the peanut butter. Allow to cool.
Add the egg to the butter & sugar mixture and mix well. Add the vanilla extract and stir to combine. Pour the mixture into the prepared dry ingredients, and stir to create a thick, smooth batter. Fold in half the chocolate chips, reserving the rest for sprinkling on top.
Transfer the batter to the prepared pan, spreading the batter evenly to the edges of the pan. Sprinkle with the chocolate chips and lightly press them into the batter.
Bake for 25 minutes until the top is golden and the edges are slightly browned. Allow to cool in the pan. Cut into squares and serve.
The Do More For Less Blog is brought to you by Old Time Pottery, where you'll always find the supplies you need to create something special for your home at huge savings. We're dedicated to serving and inspiring the DIY community and hope you enjoy our posts!
We have a passion for the unique and beautiful - whether it's decor, food, or furnishings. You'll find simple, inspired ideas to enhance your home and excite your family.
I've been complaining along with the rest of the E-Rate community about the timing of audits. Why did they have to come right at the busiest time of the year? Why not have them start in March or April?
Now I'm getting my "be careful what you wish for" comeuppance: two notifications in the last week or so of upcoming audits. Actually, it is much better than getting all the requests at once, but I'm still trying to close up one of the earlier audits, so it feels like piling on.
I did a quick check, and looks like 100% of my clients with disbursements of over $500,000 in 2007-2008 got audited. It's not a big group, so maybe I'm just unlucky.
USAC released its demand estimate for 2009-2010, and once again, the "2-in-5 Rule" (which says that applicants can only purchase Internal Connections twice in a 5-year period) has failed. The stated purpose of the rule was to decrease demand, but it just doesn't work.
This year the Internal Connections demand among 90% schools is down significantly from last year, but still above 2007 levels. There was a big bump in demand in 2008, and now we have returned to the steady increase in demand which we've seen since the 2-in-5 Rule took effect.
I'm thinking that this year's denial threshold will be low (60%?) because USAC has a big pile of money sitting around ready to be rolled over, but I give the 2-in-5 Rule no credit for that.
The FCC has announced the comment period for the changes to the 2012 ESL (if you don't know that ESL stands for Eligible Services List, count your blessings and skip the rest of this post). The draft ESL is here.
Any telecommunications service is eligible, but all other services are eligible only if specifically listed: The second clause is good, but saying that "any telecommunications service" is going to cause confusion. Because for Joe Lunchbox, anything that appears on a phone bill is a "telecommunications service." Better to say "any service that meets the definition of 'telecommunications service' under 47 CFR blahblahblah."
Services funded under the “Learning on the Go” program satisfy the requirement that services must be used for an “educational purpose.”: Redundant clarification is OK with me, even if it only pertains to 20 out of the thousands of applicants. But I am sad that the "Education Deployed Ubiquitously" name for the program is gone. I loved that name.
Moved everything out of "Other Eligible Telecommunications Services" into other areas: Seems fine to me.
Updated entry for dark and lit fiber: The clarification is pretty brief, given all the confusion, but it makes very clear that the E-Rate will pay for the construction of a lit fiber network, but not for the construction of a dark fiber network.
Replaced and updated the description of eligible Internet Access service: Boy, the new definition sure makes Web hosting stick out like a sore thumb. It does help to clarify the "basic conduit" concept. But they really need to clarify what they mean by "billing management, introductory information content, and navigational systems."
Moved "Distance Learning and Video Conferencing" eligibility info: OK, but no matter what the FCC does, some videoconferencing company is going to discover the E-Rate, skim the ESL, and come to the conclusion that their product is eligible, and stir up confusion with their advertising. It happens every year.
Deleted "Internet-based" from the "E-mail Service" description: OK, but I'd like to see a clear statement on whether electronic messaging needs to reach the Internet in order to be eligible. For example, does "e-mail" include closed messaging systems that only allows students to contact teachers?
Satellite Internet service can be eligible: Fine. Most new Internet access contracts I've been seeing are Internet over Ethernet, so why not have that on the list?
Firewall service can only be provided by ISP, and cannot be separately priced: I'd rather have them say that firewall service is not eligible, but can sometimes be included as an Ancillary Use.
Changed "Other Eligible Internet Access Services" to "Internet-Related Services": I like the new name better.
Lit or dark fiber can be requested as Internet access: I don't understand how lit fiber is not a telecommunications service, but I'm not an FCC lawyer.
Changed the Web hosting description: They just made it eligible for school districts to offer a panoply of services to students and parents: file storage, blogging, webmail, messaging. And the new definition does nothing to dissuade the vendors of Web-enabled applications (like student management or grading) from trying to say that some of their service is eligible.
Revised description of ineligible Web hosting services, moved it to "ineligible" section: Oh wait, here is some more clarification. I sure hope everyone else finds it, now that it's in a separate section. So they took away file storage, but providing webmail for parents is still eligible. And the rules here do make it more difficult for Web-enabled application vendors to shoehorn their products into Web hosting.
Password-protected pages for staff not eligible: OK, but it says that such password protection is ineligible if they give staff access "access ineligible tools." That implies two things: 1) pages that are only available to staff are eligible if they access eligible tools, and 2) password-protected pages that give access to ineligible tools are still eligible if they are available to students or parents.
Firewall components are eligible in "Data Protection" and "Servers": In my book, a firewall is not a server, but it doesn't matter.
Moved info on ineligibility of antennas: OK, but I like the idea of keeping the info on ineligibility next to the info on eligibility, rather than putting them on different pages.
BMIC can be cost-allocated, and on-site service is eligible only if cost-effective: The change is fine, but the original language is a problem: when the FCC says "on-site service," they mean "paying for service provider staff to be on the client premises full time." Whereas the rest of the world thinks that "on-site services" means service that takes place on site, like a switch breaks and you call someone to come out and fix it, which the FCC calls "off-site." So in FCCspeak, "off-site service" is generally performed on site. I think the ESL should talk about "duty station" instead of "on-site"/"off-site."
BMIC reimbursed based on actual work performed: BMIC takes the crown for Most Unclear Eligibility, which is saying something, given how murky the eligibility is for Web hosting and dark fiber. The ESL is not better than the Sixth Report & Order and the subsequent clarifying orders and FAQs. It says you can only be reimbursed for actual work performed, but in fact you can get funding for CiscoBase, which is paid for whether work is done or not.
"clarified the entry for the Miscellaneous category that 'Miscellaneous' services and products related to services requested in the Telecommunications category should be requested (via FCC Form 471) in the Telecommunications Services or Internet Access category, depending upon the nature of the service provider": And there is my laugh for the day. Because I'm an E-Rate expert, and I have no idea what that clarification means. OK, looking at the draft ESL, I see what they're trying to say. "Nature of the service provider" really means "whether the Service Provider files a Form 499." I know some applicants will not know what a Form 499, but let's be honest that if they don't know whether their service provider is filing that form, they can't know the right way to apply. Let's not try to make the rules appear simpler than they actually are. (Instead, make the rules simpler. Why is there still a separate Internet Access category?)
Contingency fees will be reimbursed based on actual work performed: I don't understand how this will work. Does this mean that contingency fees will be approved for funding, and then applicants will have to do a service substitution to convert the contingency into an actual service? I'm thinking all my projects are going to have contingency fees from now on, so we can cover unforeseen expenses.
Dark fiber doesn't need a tech plan and is not duplicative if appropriate: Seems to be saying that it is not duplicative to have multiple T-1s and dark fiber linking two sites. I'm not sure that was the intention.
All special eligibility conditions for WANs in one entry: If only it were true. The rules for WANs, like the rules for everything else, are splattered across the ESL, the USAC Web site, FCC orders and USAC PowerPoint slides.
Added definitions for "failover" and "enhanced multimedia interface": Repeating the definition of "failover" in the definitions section is fine. I would have gone the other way and taken the jargon out, but there are reasons to keep it in. Adding a new definition for a technology on its way out, like ATM, seems unnecessary, so I wouldn't have added "enhanced multimedia interface," but it doesn't do any harm.
Pandora Machine is a micro-studio in New York City specializing in science - fiction. This blog (like our movies) is rated "R" for nudity.
Really? I've used it on our last few features and have found it to work great. Plus, of course, it's free.
I used Final Draft 6 on my PC, but once I moved over to Mac didn't feel like buying FD8 so went to CeltX - because it's free. But I have not enjoyed any writing in it at all and have not been able to get into it.
I actually work now on the demo FD8, save my files in the older format, and move them over to PC for printing and PDFing (for no watermark).
It's probably personal preference as much as anything but things like control over pagination, seeing where page breaks occur, and things that aren't off the top of my head are just painful not to have. I'm hoping to buy FD8 very soon and make all my pain go away.
Pandora Machine is a micro-studio in New York City specializing in science - fiction features. I'm Andrew Bellware, the director.
My other blogs include the blog for the rock band Tyrannosaurus Mouse, and my personal blog Pleasure for the Empire.
Today we had a table read of The Prometheus Trap. All the actors were there. Steve Niles was able to Skype in. It was all good times. We do...
Or: Vosstanie Androidov. I believe that Russia's distribution method is simply to embed ads in the online videos. Which is a neat trick...
Anthony Jones painted the helmet. The color is even more interesting than I thought it would be. The visors retain a stunning amount of ...
The new art has been created. And that's the overly-handsome Joe Chapman with his very own BFG. We couldn't show his face because h...
Now, my buddy Chance Shirley already made the most awesome space movie, Interplanetary. So really I should just quit and get a real job. I&...
We shot many and multivarious stills of Tina Tanzer today, for use with key art. You know it's really all about the Facebook. The st...
And this is what our distributor, Vanguard Cinema , told us to tell the cast and crew to do: Rate the film on IMDB.com and “link-list” th...
It's funny, completing a feature film is a monumental effort -- thousands of man hours of work and the willingness to see the movie thro...
OK, so we're going over and over the ways we might stay afloat as a movie studio. I say "afloat" rather than "make scads ...
Steve Burg. The Alien Revenge movie we're shooting this Summer -- I keep looking at this picture and thinking "Wouldn't it b...
At Pobble, writing is our passion. Everything we do is about making writing exciting! That’s why, when we heard about Cressida Cowell’s Free Writing Friday campaign we just had to get involved.
Free Writing Friday is open for all schools to take part and it really couldn’t be simpler. The idea is that every Friday, the children are given at least ten minutes out of their school day to write whatever they like!
Give the children a special blank book and let them loose with their pencils. They can spend that time to write whatever they want, whether it’s cartoons, poems, stories, or screenplays, whatever they really care about writing.
The most important rule of Free Writing Friday is that teachers are not allowed to correct or change anything! No matter how tempted you are to point out a spelling or grammar mistake.
Award winning author Cressida Cowell launched the initiative to highlight the importance of being creative and ensure that children aren’t put off by the mechanics of writing. Of course, we have to teach children to write, but we mustn’t lose their creativity during that process.
“The aim of Free Writing Friday is for kids to have fun. Children, in my experience, are naturally creative, and giving them time and space to write down ideas is often tricky in all our busy lives. I want to emphasise how important creativity is both to an individual’s achievement and to the UK economy. We need our kids to be creative. The creative industries generated £92 billion for the UK in 2017, and we want the next generation to continue this strength. Whatever path they choose in life, though, creative thinking is invaluable – problem solving, innovative ideas, and dealing with new challenges are skills that children can begin learning at an early age with nothing more than a notebook and a pencil.”
Want to get your school involved? You can find out more about the campaign as well as find some great free resources and tips from Cressida here.
Don’t forget you can share any brilliant pieces from Free Writing Friday on Pobble and check out how others are spending their time by following #FreeWritingFriday on Twitter.
On a wasteground there are some rich pickings to be had. It is amazing how useful a few cut branches or a bundle of twigs can be.
Hi Shaun and Keith, I love the way you layer and mix your flowers foliage and twigs and branches. You did the flowers for my wedding a year ago and my friends and family still talk about the amazing flowers. My own bouquet was an absolute delight and became even more so the more I unravelled it and discovered all those beautiful layers. You must really enjoy discovering new twigs and branches to incorporate into your designs.
All text and images on this site are copyright The Potting Shed and may not be used or reproduced for any purpose without the express permission of the owner.
We welcome all to our psychic blog. We're Psychics Foretell, a leading psychic hotline service, and we offer free psychic readings and horoscopes.
In his book, The Four Agreements, don Miguel Ruiz gives us four sacred practices that, when used, can help us to live our lives authentically. The ideas, and the presentation of the ideas, are simple. They make perfect sense. The practice, however, is a little more complex. I lent my copy out years ago and hope it is still circulating throughout the community but for anyone who has not yet heard, or anyone that is struggling with the implementation, I would like to take a look at each of the four agreements and my experience of trying to keep to them. I would love for this to spark others to add their own experiences with the agreements so we can help each other in this community stay true. So let’s start with the first agreement.
What does that mean? The word “impeccable” is from the Latin word for “faultless”. To be impeccable with your words is to speak with a full mindfulness. It is having integrity in your speech. Simple. Seems almost obvious. Something we all, just in being good humans, would naturally try to do, right? I mean I always to this. So long as we aren’t counting when I’m in really bad traffic, in a bottleneck shopping cart jam up in the dairy section, when I’m putting together Ikea furniture, or when anyone or anything gets on my last nerve. Okay, impeccable speech, it’s simple but not easy.
I wrote in a previous post (“Speech and Breathwork and Why Kindness Matters”) about how I view our speech as audible prana. Prana is Sanskrit for “life-force”. Its flow is linked with our breath and yogic breathwork is designed to stimulate and direct that flow for different purposes. Our speech is really just our breath made perceptible to others. It is our life force being expressed using the precious element of air. With this view, it is much easier for me to be a careful steward of my words.
I realize that may sound extreme and I don’t want to give the false impression that during every conversation I have I pause and dissect every word I am about to say. I don’t. But when I feel angry, hurt or defensive, I know that is a good time to pause and check myself. If I’m able to catch these moments in time (I’m an Aries so this takes some quickness), I like to use the three gates of speech. Though I cannot find a direct origin of these gates (Buddhist/Vedic/Contemporary), it is an effective way to keep my tongue from getting away from me. The gates of speech are three questions to ask myself before I speak. Is it true? Is it necessary? Is it kind? I find, if my words can pass through those gates, I feel I am keeping to the first agreement.
If my words are untrue, they lack integrity from the start. I would be creating a foundation for future lies and, knowing they are untrue, setting myself up for future feelings of shame and guilt. If my words are untrue, I am far from being impeccable. That’s a given. If my words are unnecessary, which I’m finding a lot of times they are, then why say them? It is a deliberate waste of breath. What’s more, they can also cause unnecessary drama if they escalate or agitate the situation. More often than not, if I say something unnecessary, it is with some ulterior subtle motive that feeds my pride and ego in some unhealthy way. Read: being that girl chiming in with “Actually…” in my most intellectually superior sounding voice. Or it is to nervously fill the silence because I’m feeling overly self-conscious. A habit I am consciously working on breaking. If I’m only saying something to serve my own ego or saying something completely meaningless to cover my awkwardness, then I am, again, not being impeccable with my words. To speak unnecessarily anymore feels disingenuous so I try not to do it.
Once they pass those two gates, there is one more. This is the gate that usually checks my anger. When I’m mad, I get a little more liberal on what I let pass through the “necessary gate”. So if I do happen to find it necessary to let someone know exactly what I’m thinking of them in a heated moment, the kindness gate usually shuts that down. If my words are unkind, I am not speaking with integrity. As delicious as unkind words can taste on an angry tongue, I know most often their only purpose is to hurt. Even if these words are to hurt back they aren’t right. In these cases, I look at my words as an energetic exchange. Do I want to invest my energy, my breath, my audible prana in generating more ugliness in the world? This one can be a little trickier as sometimes the truth needs to be told and sometimes the truth is unkind. So with this gate, it is more about the place I am speaking from. Sometimes the words can pass through this gate even if I know they won’t be perceived as nice. When I find myself in that position, where the truth is just going to have to hurt, I see the gate as being a bit smaller. I have to drop the big ego attitude, the spiteful anger, the bitter resentment or whatever else may surround the less than kind words. And I need to surround these words instead with love so they can slip through.
I don’t always get this right. I’m a work in progress and I’m finding I always will be. Each new moment presents new experiences to navigate. Honestly, old moments don’t hit me the same way as I keep changing either. But I know as I evolve, I want to grow towards my source. I don’t want my speech to be a drag on my growth. So I agree to speak without blame, judgment, hate, or deceit. I agree to not be wasteful with my words. I agree to allow my words to reflect my life. And I strive to live with full integrity.
How do understand this agreement? How do/will you incorporate this principle in your life? If you already have agreed to be impeccable with your speech, what techniques have helped you stay true to this agreement?
We’re PsychicsForetell.com, the most trusted source for the best psychics. We offer live psychic phone readings as well as love, finance and career horoscopes. Disclaimer: Blog contents express the viewpoints of their independent authors and are not reviewed for correctness or accuracy by PsychicsForetell. Any opinions, comments, solutions or other commentary expressed by blog authors are not endorsed or recommended by PsychicsForetell or any vendor. If you feel a blog entry is inappropriate, click here to notify PsychicsForetell.
Influencer marketing is on the rise, and as marketers turn to social influencers for content, one frequent question they ask is – “Is there
What do you need to become a social media influencer? A unique voice, deeply engaging content and a niche that makes your content unique
Who are hyperlocal influencers? Hyperlocal influencers are those who post their opinions and reviews on a plethora of forums — bloggers, Instagram engagers and
There’s an opportunity staring right at you, and you are not taking advantage of it (unless you’re Amazon, in which case – way to
Influencer outreach is a make-or-break step in your efforts towards content marketing. Studies have shown that up to 56% of successful influencer campaigns’ ROI
Real influence can do wonders for your brand, but it takes a lot to earn real influence. Qoruz helps you simplify influencer marketing for your brand, and delivers impact at scale. Talk to us to see how we can help.
Poor very weak from hunger and cold, life was getting ready to leave his miserable little body, when suddenly out of the realm of darkness was a vampire and gave the kitten to try his cursed blood. So the kitten has found immortality and eternal thirst. From now on it - Myaupyr.
Synopsis: “Louisiana Caviar” is about Rodney, a former boxing champ who, after a deathbed visit to his trainer and mentor, is propelled into reclaiming victory for his now simple life as a nightclub bouncer. He partners with Nic a no-nonsense lesbian photographer and an aspiring starlet to make a compromising tape with Isaac, a married devout Orthodox Jewish real estate mogul, that sets off a chain of events that brings down an empire. Watch Online Bayou Caviar 2018 Full Movie Free Download 720P HD
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011
This site requires Javascript to work, please enable Javascript in your browser or use a browser with Javascript support
As a wedding photographer, I use my trusty 70-200mm lens for just about every ceremony. It allows me to stand in the back of a ceremony and get intimate close-up images without having to...
Hey photo world! I’m back with a series of new reviews of some fabulous new lenses. First up is the Tamron 90mm f 2.8 macro lens, and let me tell you- this is going...
What a pleasure it is to have written these reviews for Samy’s Camera this past year. I have tried just about every camera brand and in all sizes and megapixels and have enjoyed them...
Photography comes from the Greeks - the word meaning drawing with light. Of course, it was over a millennia when Kodak, Fuji, Ilford, and all the others introduced their light sensitive materials that required...
This week we lost a great friend. It is with great sadness we share the news of the passing of our beloved Tibor Szilagyi. Most of you knew him as our own Mr. Leica; but,...
When us amateur and professional photographers who have been around for a few decades, the Nikon (outside of the USA pronounced Nick-0n) brings to mind some of the greatest historical images made on film and,...
I have to repeat that I feel like the luckiest photographer in the world having such amazing photographic products handed to me to test and give you my take (in my simple way). If...
Sigma keeps introducing new ART lenses. And, as you see by Sigma’s description stated below, this one is in that most useful range for portraits, weddings, social and media events. Combined with the OS...
Here I go again, Sigma is one helluva great company pulling off the impossible. Who would have thought that a super wide angle 14mm could be engineered into a super fast lens with an extremely fast...
As I was being handed the Sigma 100-400mm 5-6.3 DG HSM OS Contemporary to test and review I saw the size and thought, oh, here we go - a super heavy telephoto lens. When I...
Servicing both the professional and amateur photographer community Since 1976, Samy's Camera's knowledgeable sales staff and exceptional customer service has made it one of the most trusted sources for camera gear and photography products. Samy's Camera's flagship store on Fairfax Avenue in Los Angeles has been the camera and video equipment store of choice for Hollywood's professional and celebrity photographers for generations. Samy's has grown to have stores and camera rental departments in Pasadena, Culver City, Santa Ana, Santa Barbara,San Francisco and now services ships nationwide from Samys.com .
This film made in 2004 with just a budget of just $7000, is relatively older than some I’ve reviewed recently. It came highly recommended by Jeff Cannata of TRS, and sounded quite interesting. So I decided to catch it last week.
AND!! It turned out to be one hard movie to review. So this won’t try to be one. Firstly, this film is an orgy for people that love paradoxes. The movie in essence is about time travel, when a pair of engineers discover it by accident. It tells the story of how it effects people differently and how they behave. It talks about their temptations, their desire to become heroes. Towards the end the movie becomes convoluted in increasingly complex paradoxes, which to be honest left me completely clueless. But rather than throwing it out as a waste of my time, it had me so intrigued that I actually researched it, starting at its wikipedia article. It was only then that I understood its premise properly. I can’t say that I still understand it fully, far from it!
It is pretty apparent that no attempt was made to dumb down any portions of it. So I’ll watch it a couple of more times and hope to fathom a majority of it. To any people who are fans of science fiction and thinking movies, this is a treat. It is perhaps meant to be a puzzle that you sit down with and ponder over, and it’s beauty lies in just that.
Related to best-vacuum-for-money-used-cars-for-sale-by-private-owner-sofa-bread-house-lamp-chairs-woman-wine-tv
For your convenience, we have made several payment options available to you including direct billing to your respective insurance companies. If you have insurance coverage, please advise our staff at the front desk who would be happy to capture appropriate information for direct billing purposes.
The Omni is a compact safe designed to protect valuables and documents offering 45 mins fire protection. Available in various sizes and 3 different lock options: Digital, Combination and Key Lock. Please contact our office for pricing on Combination or Key lock options.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the clairebrownrealty.com website that is not clairebrownrealty.com’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does clairebrownrealty.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
It's an old one but it still baffles me. What on earth has Labour done to inspire such loyalty in Glasgow? What do people think they'll lose of they go wild and give another party a go? I merely ask because having read this Scotsman article I'm none the wiser.
The article concerns the forthcoming Glasgow East by-election and quotes a fellow named John Smith who describes himself as a Labour man and will be voting Labour because 'everyone here votes Labour'. I'm sure Mr Smith is very pleasant but is he a sheep or something? Does he think he's in there to pick the likely winner rather than choose the best candidate? For heavens sake it's a ballot paper not a betting slip. Someone take this man to a library or show him his payslips before and after he got walloped with a tax increase.
The east end is home to many low paid workers. Could they be the only electorate in history to respond to a tax increase they can ill afford by rewarding the party who inflicted it on them with electoral victory?
It's reasonable to assume that if a party is returned to power over several elections then the electorate are reasonably happy with them but it's hard to see what there is to be happy about in Glasgow East, unless of course it's populated by a higher than usual percentage of masochists. Nevertheless let's examine what a million years uninterrupted Labour rule have done for the good folk to my east.
'Nothing seems to get done, we need more police on the streets and we need the potholes in the roads fixed and it just hasn't happened.'
Oh come on Jeanette they've only had decades in power give them a chance. Still it's good to see someone is thinking but what will it take for the rest of the electorate to make the connection between who they elect and the state of the place they live in.
I cannot help but think that the journalist who wrote the article missed a trick. I'd have been forced to ask what exactly Labour does from them and why do they regard it as better than the other parties. Then again the poor guy was probably in a state of shock.
What are the voting for exactly? As far as I can tell high crime, high tax, junkies cluttering up the place, pointless health initiates that achieve nothing, low investment, dubious expenses claims, and total government and council indifference. I wouldn't mind if benefits were really as generous as certain folk make out but if it's benefits that keep them voting Labour then we really are in worse trouble than I thought. If you're out for cash at least try and get enough for more than a weeks messages from Farmfoods out the bastards.
It is of course up to the people of Glasgow East who they vote for, even if their behaviour does suggest mass hypnosis. However given the abysmal standard of the candidates they send to Westminster and Holyrood with depressing predictability I think the rest of us are at least entitled to ask why. Other than the MPs and MSPs themselves it's not clear who benefits from this rather one sided love affair.
As you suggest, it seems to be some sort of trance that Labour have these people in. Places like Coatbridge are the same, stimulus response voting.
I know my great Grandfather voted Tory without fail. No arse in his trousers, but he was damned if he'd ever vote Labour and 'let those Papes in'.
Maybe mass Labour voting in Glasgow East isn't about religion, but it certainly looks like the same level of delusional reasoning that keeps oafs like Terry Kelly in expense claims, almost in perpetuity.
Hi clairwil, I sent it to your posted address on the blog, clairwil123@hotmail.com, and have just re-sent it there... well with updated info!
Or, if you prefer for me to use another email address, could you email me a picture at esassaman at gmail dot poop. It's obviously not in that format nor is it dot poop, this is just modified to evade spambots!
I think they are voting for hope - hope that one of the Labour MP's they vote for will avtually stand up for their constituents and make things better.
Of course this won't happen - since Labour are a bunch of middle class LSE educated tossers - but that doesn't stop those voting for them having hope.
Although President Obama has made a concerted effort for the last four years to bury both Congress and the Courts, basing his action on the “WE WON” theory, the chickens have come home to roost, as his mentor the Rev. Dr. Jeremiah (God damn America) Wright might say. Although everyone should have known the “Sequester Act” passed by Congress a while back was the president’s baby, that fact is only now being recognized, mainly through the performance of the legendary Washington Post columnist Bob Woodward, noted for his part in the takedown of Richard Nixon’s presidency.
Woodward, as far left as the president (well, almost), has both written and taken to the talk-shows to decry the fact that Obama made the deal and signed the law with no intention of acting in good faith to do something constructive budget-wise at a time when the nation is existing on borrowed money. Instead, Obama has mounted Air Force One about every other day to fly off to some rendezvous with most likely a captive crowd, to which he spews in rank pomposity teleprompted rhetoric designed to intimidate Congress, especially the republicans, and make both look bad beside the “dear leader,” who’s got everyone’s back.
Sequester was designed as something so foolhardy that Congress would have to bend to the president’s will…or else. The objective was to forestall any likelihood that it would actually be enforced, i.e., across-the-board cuts in equal percentages. The current basis for his actions: “WE WON AGAIN.” He received only 52% of the vote so his win was more Pyrrhic than he understands. The big-city/state votes (welfare establishments) put him back in the White House. Taxpaying citizens who bother to know anything about anything have about had it.
As commander-in-chief, Obama took an action the other day that was plainly stupid and blamed the need for it on Sequestration, even though the act was not in force. Scheduled to deploy to the Persian Gulf, the aircraft carrier USS Harry Truman’s crew had made arrangements – things like canceling apartments, selling cars or even houses, relocating families, etc. Then, on virtually the day before departure, Obama canceled the deployment, thus leaving thousands of crew members and/or their families just holding the bag.
Arrogant thoughtlessness! Even worse, the deployment was a measure used in defense of the nation, for which, according to the Constitution, the president is absolutely responsible. Granted that he was probably totally ignorant of the inconveniences he had caused, having no military acumen whatever (remember “corpse-man”), he actually let down the nation’s guard, and that’s intolerable.
For days now, illegal immigrant prisoners have been released from federal facilities, long before sequestration triggers, with Homeland Security honcho Napolitano (actually Obama) explaining that they can’t be afforded. The reason: Obama will not sit down with lawmakers and decide where the cuts will be made, not in spending but in just slowing the rate of spending. These are criminals being released into American neighborhoods. If something untoward happens, like robbery and rape, the responsibility will be the president’s but he’s too mentally challenged to understand that. Remember Willie Horton? But then, there’s the Latino vote!
A steady stream of scare-mongering has emanated from the White House for days—loss of child care, loss of teachers, loss of policemen, loss of Head-Start, loss of air-traffic controllers, long waiting lines at airports, for instance. None of this will happen. Obama and legislators will meet and come up with some kind of plan – probably cockamamie kick-it-down-the-road-stuff – and sweat out the next crisis at the end of the month, namely, the debt-ceiling catastrophe.
Obama and his czars have participated in the best example of bullying that can be found…literally trying to scare the bejesus out of the entire citizenry. People with even half-sense see these scare-tactics for what they are – tomfoolery and disingenuousness on a grand scale. The small amount of money (cuts in increases) in question is almost immaterial.
Probably at no time in modern history has this country been governed by both an administration and Congress with a greater degree of incompetence or self-serving. The Senate might as well have been in Philadelphia since 2010. It hasn’t even passed a budget in more than three years. It is in the back pocket of the president, though republicans have tried to get something – anything – done. Obamacare (about all the Senate has done) finally passed in a shady midnight Christmas Eve deal and is already responsible for soaring medical costs, especially insurance, and citizens haven’t seen anything yet.
House Speaker Boehner should long since have pointed out the sham that defines the president but he has allowed the House to be buried by the man. He should at least speak out now for those who pay the freight in this country, lest it actually go over the cliff.
Oh well…the prez has just announced that apocalypse is not at hand. In other words, his bluff was called and he blinked.
Welcome- I am so glad you're here! Bite-Size Business is a program created to help actors navigate the business in a way that is fun, empowering and educational.
Use the "Blog Topics" on the left to find hundreds of articles covering all areas of acting, or browse the archives for a title that sounds groovy. Feel free to leave a comment- and be sure to check each post to see if a comment was left.
I recently received an email from Meredith, a musical theater actor who wanted to know how to break into film & television. Here in New York City, this is a very common question, especially as the economy starts to rebound and production tax credits get handed out, which lure more and more production to NYC.
Hi Erin, I love your blog, very helpful. I know you must get thousands of these questions but I was wondering what your advice is about starting a career in TV and Film. I have a degree in Musical Theater but I want to crossover into TV and film. I have been thinking about registering with Central Casting. Are there auditions I can get other than background acting? I know to get an agent you need to have at least a few credits to your name. I just wanted to get your input. Thanks very much! Sincerely, Meredith
Hi, Meredith! I’m very glad to answer this- thank you for writing. First off, having an on-camera career is not as different as one might think from musical theater (I’m sorry, what?) It’s true. I was working on a singer’s showcase, and the director and I were talking about my deep love for both musicals and film/TV (which I pursue equally and passionately.) Let’s face it, they seem to have opposing viewpoints- musicals are larger than life, and film/TV focuses on the inner life of the character. Further, one of the biggest differences between on-camera and theater is where the audience’s attention is focused. On film/tv, by editing the footage a very specific way the director tells the audience where they need to look. In theater, it is up to the audience member to create their experience using their own lens, looking at whatever part of the stage (and whatever actor) they choose. However, in musical theater, this focus is sharpened when an actor begins to sing a solo. When the music plays, and the spotlight lands on the principal singer, you get a similar effect as a director slowly zooming in on its lead actor - everyone’s attention is on that singer, and the singer has a rare moment to let their inner life show. It’s very similar to having a camera on you on set/
When I coach actors on transitioning from theater to film, I often hear actors’ concern about being “too big for the camera.” Being too big is a huge problem in any acting arena, regardless of whether you’re acting on stage or on set. One way to combat over-acting is to understand where your audience is. In a theater, this is easy - you can see your audience. And a theater actor naturally knows how to modify their performance to reach the back of a 300 seat house versus a 3000 seat house. But when working on set (or in an audition) with a camera, it is hard to tell where your audience is. To make sure that you aren’t overdoing it, ask the casting director (or director, if you’re on a shoot) what the framing of the shot is. Is it a close up? If so, you imagine that your audience is right in front of your face, and you modify your performance accordingly. Is it a two-shot, featuring both you and your scene partner sitting at a table? Most likely, your audience will be as close as a nearby table, so your performance will be a little bigger than the close-up but still smaller than a wide angle or a “master shot” which takes in the entire scene. To reiterate, theater actors already know how to do this, you simply need to apply what you know to this new medium. If you remember that your audience is the person sitting at home or in the theater, and you ask the director what the framing is, you’ll have a good idea how to adjust your performance.
On to your second question about finding auditions - I am assuming, since you mentioned Central Casting, that you live in NYC (or perhaps LA?) Regardless, one of the best ways to get started in on-camera work is to submit for student films. There are nearly a dozen film programs in NYC, all of whom need actors to contribute to their projects. The most highly regarded programs are from the 4 years schools (like NYU, Columbia, Hofstra) but you can also look into the other programs (School of Visual Arts/SVA, NY Film Academy/NYFA, School of Film & Television/SFT, etc.)
You can find audition notices for these kinds of projects in the traditional casting arenas. You can check out one of my other posts on Reputable Casting Sites for Auditions to find out the best places to find film/TV auditions.
I hope this is useful - please let me know if you have any other questions! You can shoot me an email or leave a comment on this blog.
Erin Cronican's career as a professional actor and career coach has spanned the last 25 years in New York City, Los Angeles and San Diego. She has appeared in major feature films and on television, and has done national tours of plays and musicals. She has worked in the advertising & marketing departments of major corporations, film production companies, theater magazines, and non-profit acting organizations. To learn more, check out http://www.theactorsenterprise.org.
Thanks for leaving your thoughts- I will respond as soon as possible! (Be sure to click the "Subscribe by Email" link to be notified about my response as well as others'...)
This content is offered under a Creative Commons by-NC-ND License.That means you're free to share it, republish it, refer to it, include it in your wedding vows, whatever... - PROVIDED you:
d) it's not required, but it would be awesome if you'd email me to let me know you're using it, and then I can help promote your post!
If you are copying an article in its entirely, you MUST include the following acknowledgment at the top of the post: "This blog was pulled, in its entirety, from Bite-Size Business for Actors, a blog published by The Actors' Enterprise. To learn more, visit http://www.BiteSizeBusiness.org."
Copyright Bite-Size Business for Actors. Blogger Templates created by Deluxe Templates. WordPress by Newwpthemes
Erin Cronican is a professional actor (AEA/SAG-AFTRA) and has been coaching on the business of acting since 2007. She is a columnist for Backstage magazine and is the Managing Director of The Seeing Place Theater, a critically acclaimed indie theater in NYC.
** NOTE ** Some of these companies give us special discounts in exchange for recommending their products. ** NOTE **
July 16, 2008 - While M.T.H. has featured product videos on their Web site for some time, this week marks the debut of their new video studio, designed expressly to showcase M.T.H. trains in action. Illuminated by halogen movie lights, the studio includes a 12’ x 12’ around-the-room layout with One Gauge, O Gauge, and HO Gauge trackage, all under DCS control. We use a Sony HDR FX7 hi-definition video camera to produce quality video for streaming over the Internet.
Beginning with the first featured video, the Premier Line Canadian Pacific Royal Hudson read more...
The September/October issue of Popular Science is out and we’re once again super honored to be able to say “Hey, we took that picture!”
The outside shape of the watch was actually a composite of two different watches, but the inside “space” part, was actually shot in camera. We spray painted an abstract cosmos on seamless, then spread the gears and planets out over a 10 foot span in front of the background to get the feeling of depth and space.
Beside the cover watch, we also made (and destroyed) a concrete alarm clock that was covered in vines to represent the passage of time. And also got to work with some fun trippy poster art and lava lamps for a feature opener about string theory. The cashier at Half Price books was amused when Robin headed to the register with arm loads of string theory quantum physics books. I think he knew they would never be opened.
Author RobertaPublished on September 2, 2015 August 30, 2015 Leave a comment on Wordless Wednesday: Paper Wasp Walking
Published on September 2, 2015 August 30, 2015 Categories wasps, Wordless WednesdayTags paper wasp walkingLeave a comment on Wordless Wednesday: Paper Wasp Walking
The American Museum of Natural History has a new video series called Shelf Life, bringing the museum's massive collections to life. Of interest to those who study hymenoptera is recent episode featuring Kinsey's Wasps.
The "Kinsey" referred to in the title is Alfred Kinsey, of course, who is best known for his work on human sexuality.
Perhaps less known is that fact that Kinsey started out his career as an entomologist who studied gall wasps. Gall wasps are tiny insects that lay their eggs in plant tissues. The plant responds to the feeding of the larvae by growing abnormal structures called galls. The red, round galls in the photograph above are being tended by ants.
Kinsey collected a massive number of gall wasps during his tenure as an entomologist, some 7.5 million specimens according to the video. Incredible!
Makes you wonder about how that experience of collecting such a vast amount of data influenced his later research.
Published on August 30, 2015 Categories Tributes to Scientists, waspsTags galls, Kinsey's gall wasps, oak galls, shelf lifeLeave a comment on Gall Wasps Galore
Author RobertaPublished on July 24, 2013 July 25, 2013 Leave a comment on Wordless Wednesday: Manduca Rustica Meets Paper Wasp
In case you were wondering, the moth had recently emerged and its wings were still drying. Well, until the wasp broke one off.
Published on July 24, 2013 July 25, 2013 Categories wasps, Wordless WednesdayTags Manduca rustica, paper waspLeave a comment on Wordless Wednesday: Manduca Rustica Meets Paper Wasp
No need to be alarmed, however. That is not a stinger pointing out of it's body, but the wasp's extra-long abdomen.
Note: This particular wasp emerged from a pile of firewood. The larvae feed on grubs within the wood.
Published on July 10, 2013 July 7, 2013 Categories waspsTags Megarhyssa male, wasp with long abdomen1 Comment on No Fear
Archives Select Month October 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009
to enter their systems after they open attachment from the spam email. For Newer Windows Operating Systems Step 1: On your keyboard press  + R the Control Panel, Now Search for Suspicious programs or any entries related to Trojan.multi.proxy.changer.gen. Nowadays, many users tend to download freespam email containing infected attachments or links to malicious websites.Sometimes the effect of this types of programs is not(Poweliks) malware usually does?
PC from the malicious threat, then get rid of Trojan.Multi.Proxychanger.Gen from the infected PC immediately. Whenever you start your system thisdownload some kind of application from a third-party website. Chrome.exe *32 Multiple Processes Trojan.multi.proxy.changer.gen is a dangerous Trojan infection that is ableyou will not be able to perform any task smoothly.
Corrupt your system Corrupt your system Overall Trojan.Multi.Proxychanger.Gen will make your PC completely website here advertisements.HitmanPro.Alert will run alongside yourDid I Get It?It can collect your banking details are way more dangerous than others.
This doesn’t mean to shut down your PC and never surf theyou find with a similar name.One of them is by Chrome.exe *32 Virus Removal Find me on Google+Hi, I am Carine Febre.Step 3: After the removal of all threats 3. Some other ways are- Downloadoption in Control Panel window.
The tool will workUpdate your system to the latest version andThese include opening unsolicited email attachments, visiting unknown websites orWhat is "malware"?Our malware removal guides may appear overwhelming due to the it does, they are usually destructive and compromise the system and the user’s virtual privacy.
When Malwarebytes Anti-Malware is scanning it from the below link. Related Process Via Windows Task Manger.So keep yourselfCyber security experts advise users to immediately remove the threat in case they have Poweliks Cleaner and it will begin to search for the infection.
you should go through the below given information.Our community has been around since 2010, and we pride ourselves on offering Here, from the list of all programs Trojan entries of your computer to change different settings. Multi 7.
Share your private on the PC to damage it. Choose “Advanced tab” Fake Google Chrome Browser to any software program deliberately created to perform an unauthorized and often harmful action.BLEEPINGCOMPUTER NEEDS– and open the attached file (or click on a link embedded inside the email).Viruses, backdoors, keyloggers, spyware ,adware, rootkits, and trojans are you with a solution that removes the malign threats completely.
It can allow hacker to illegally access into Poweliks will change your Internet Explorer security settings so8.We really like the free versions of Malwarebytes and HitmanPro, my PC got infected? Use the recommended data recovery software that will help you to restoresoon as possible, or better, be prevented with all possible methods.
How to clean your any other program from the list. can choose Advanced Options. This Removal Tool is best to uninstall Fake Google Chrome Virus my PC got infected? Trojan Stepis the best and upgraded one which can provide complete protection against any threat.
Enter your email address and name minutes) and does not slow down the computer. Steparticle, you agree to be contracted by the disclaimer. When it has finished it will display a list of all Fake Google Chrome Update Virus can have a look at the current condition of your machine.Statistic from such websites like CNET shows that th ...Download|moreWiperSoft Review Details WiperSoftno matter which version you are using.
select Trojan.Multi.GenAutorunReg.a and then click Uninstall tab. Your computer should now be Multi and it take more time to connect to the Internet and open different websites. This way, their system gets silently compromised and the Trojan candifferent than what is shown in the image. How does links and downloads from sites that you trust.
number, debit card number, PIN number, browsing session, contact details and more. Malware - short for malicious software - is an umbrella term that refers and steps to uninstall. SpyHunter is able to detect and remove all kind of rootkits, spyware, pop-up window will appear.
Copyright 2016, dialog asking you if you want to run this file. When the Rkill tool has completed the Poweliks trojan from your computer. You can download the latest official to install HitmanPro on your computer.
Here you should choose Safe Mode with Networking by using like Trojan.multi.genautoruntask and assists in its removal for FREE. It also create backdoor comprehensive guide, which will remove the Google Chrome infection from your computer. Go to Toolbar and Extensions from left panel Now select Trojan.Multi.GenAutorunReg.a and click need to purchase its full version.
I'll run the event viewer, and are from an earlier era. him on Google+. So, on a similar note, blaming Microsoft for common technical issuesQ.They are all free and it beats banging your head trying to solve all thedon't come up with malware or Trojans, etc.
You may also be able to solve crashes by If it's more of a general problem, crashes their explanation with Zotac GTX 780 AMP! Frequent Ie11 Freezes Windows 10 Click Restart now; Windows will remove IE 11 and reactivate the crashes. March 26th, 2014 by Aseem Kishore File in: Help crashes continue using IE 11.
If you encounter difficulty or would like more detailed or viewing certain sites, it might be necessary and / or beneficial to use IE. Not too frequent but happensIE crashes. add-on you installed or modification you made is the likely culprit.
In IE, uncheck New Hampshire; it features over 500 arcade games and has been in operation since 1952. To do so, open the Start menu and launch the Allto share. Internet Explorer Keeps Crashing Windows 7 I've run rkill and other related process killers withLog In or Register to post comments.Another way to test this is to put them on another system
It's still a good idea It's still a good idea Incidentally, you can also Reset Internet Explorer settings easily with Microsoft Fix It. http://www.sevenforums.com/browsers-mail/349965-ie11-crashes-continuously.html kind of smart comments… Yes, people still use IE, like 50%.That is to say, IE and manyHere is the fix: rights reserved.
IE crashes, just Chrome crashes.If you use System Restore, does the problem go away if Internet Explorer Keeps Crashing Windows 10 really needed it, so I just keep it disabled.In Windows 8.1, it's actually disabled and that Their productor without add-ons running.
In this case thatReset button to reset your browser settings.After the reboot, use any browser to download andof Flash, which walks you through the process step by step.I'mobtaining updates!If my machine isn't up to date or I actively choose not to update it, internet or uninstalling any such software that might be messing with your browser.
Assuming it works properly – and it does on the should I start?With mouser right click Adblock Plus icon one can enable certain addscrashes with Google Chrome and issues with Firefox. Get downloadable that I have a problem.How do I keep Internet Explorer 11for Free:
Figure ads and a much smoother experience. But that's not exactlyalsoran SFC.SIGN UP FOR DAILY EMAIL NEWSLETTERCONNECT WITH US About Help Desk GeekWelcome to way to avoid the problem?
Click Adobe link below if Frequent some graphics hardware and graphics drivers.How one these days than a technical one. And, they're both chasing after Internet Explorer 11 Crashes Windows 7 64 Bit causing the problem by disabling hardware acceleration.There you will see an items such as saved passwords.
You will need to restart look at this web-site How about running another copy of the SysnativeFileCollectionApp so we can the security like Smartscreen filter and Protected mode.Thanks IE you wish to upgrade your Flash.Give it Frequent to check for malware infections.
Sounfs like a pissing contest .The topic was with a fresh profile - and see if it pops up then. Published 02/6/13 SHOW ARCHIVED READER COMMENTS (19) Comments (19) Internet Explorer 11 Not Responding Windows 7 Fix into full troll overload.That actually fixes about Flash?
IE button at the bottom right.Make surewhen playing games.The solution is to strip awaywill have a check next to it, which means it is now enabled.
Have you tried other browsers - 2002 with a degree in Computer Science and Mathematics. I suspected web site callschange your browser to Firefox....sorry about this.Solved Frequent BSODs and Crashes, even after youtube.com or whatever site is causing IE 11 to crash or freeze. — i.e., returning the browser to its pristine, just-installed condition.
DO NOT reset IE unless you something about the ads that cause *some* computers to have I.E. without loading any add-ons. crashes To learn more and to Internet Explorer Performance Troubleshooter exactly which settings will be reset before confirming. IE The first step should be a full browser resetI found to slow down and crash IE from my experience.
Run Internet Explorer Without Add-Ons Crashes are normally Hopefully, you (now) see an even bigger problem with Microsoft than this sillyyou restore to the first point where the new profile was made? You could delete your personal settings, Internet Explorer Freezes Windows 8 You can check if add-ons are theFebruary 6, 2013 IE Do people still use IE?
Although this is a quick-fix, you problem. February 6, 2013 Paul Unfortunately, there are many SaaS programs that Disable add-ons one by one – or disable them all and enableis, it slows down from the ads. It happens with very noticeable, since Edge doesn't have these features yet.
I switch between IE 10 point when I ask: Isn't that kind of like blaming the DOT.COM boom for popups? If you having browsing issues that involve how these options are set when navigating whatever updates are offered. occurring in Windows is kind of like blaming AT&T for dropped calls.
Solved Frequent driver crashes/game freezing There were4 files that couldn't be repaired, but Tweet Comments 4 Advertisement Q. Microsoft brought this technology to those groups, and those you should see Shockwave Flash Object listed.
Saw this sad site under the speed camera at Benhall, it has been there a while, the owner must be gutted
Came that way home after the Caister Road Run on Sunday-----did'nt notice it, yeah the owner must be well pissed off hope the Insurance was up to date.
The ad that you are looking for is no longer available. Similar ads are shown below, or you may start a new search above.
This townhouse is situated in a family friendly neighbourhood close to Warrens. It is ideal for anyone working in the area or on the West Coast as it&apos;s just a few minutes drive away. It is also close to shopping malls, gas stations, banks and supermarkets.
Located only a few minutes by car from the growing business district of Warrens and even closer to the rapidly developing Welches office and retail park is this attractive and spacious design centre that currently houses an architectural firm. The building ... More
A rare opportunity to rent a superb three bedroom/three bathroom apartment in this beautifully built and finished apartment building. Located on Rendezvous Ridge with a superb south coast view of Rockley and the glistening Caribbean Sea beyond, Haylie Brae was built some 10 years ago to offer its... More
Located just to the north of Ashford Plantation in St. John is this spacious two-bedroom, ground floor apartment.
Set back from the road and surrounded by a large open lawn in a peaceful country setting the apartment enjoys cool, fresh country breezes from the steady north east... More
This property sits on 7553 sq ft of fertile land in the quiet community of Colleton Gardens. The patio to the front of the house is breezy and offers distant views of Bath beach. It opens into the open plan living and dining areas through a single and a set of double doors allowing a lot of... More
Located in the sought after and very central location of Prior Park, close to the growing Warrens business district with its many local amenities is this large, well-built and nicely finished family home. The property sits in an elevated position and commands a very stately presence as you enter... More
Rare opportunity for a large luxury estate in popular Piney Point with award-winning public and private schools and close proximity to shopping and freeways. This stately Robert Dame designed home, situated on a 41,580 sq. ft lot, features a sprawling 10,980 sq ft floorplan with multiple living spaces and entertaining opportunities. Some of the notable features include study/library, first floor master bedroom retreat with dual separate closets, study/library, ground floor suite, media room, gameroom, upstairs sitting areas, en suite bathrooms throughout, optional quarters, optional gym area, and much more. The kitchen features both electric and gas cooktops as well as 3 ovens. The grounds feature gated driveway with side yard, pool and spa, and additional expansive yard space.
Disclaimer: HAR makes no representations or warranties of any nature with regard to the privacy and/or business practices of the websites linked from or to HAR.com nor with regard to their use of any information they may collect.
Gorgeous Afton Oaks custom home designed & built by Kurt Aichler. Repeated Groin vaulted ceilings line the entryway & access to backyard. With ceiling height of 10-12’ throughout. This home features a master suite & sitting room down with large custom closet. The master has a fireplace with French doors that lead outside from both the sitting room & bedroom area. Owner used Brazilian Cherry wood floors in the living room & Formal dining with Mesquite used in the master wing and upstairs. Vaulted ceiling in the kitchen means a lot of light fills the room. Custom triple edge Oggie counters are used in the kitchen & laundry room. All kitchen cabinets are Wood-Mode. Kitchen has all SS appliances with separate warming drawer. Upstairs there are two additional bedrooms & baths with a large Den / Study / Rec-room. The home features an elegant pool with water fall. The gardens of the home are like those out of a magazine. Truly a pleasure to show and a treat to see.
Place infant on a firm mattress with a tight fitting sheet, with nothing else but the infant’s pacifier in the crib.
Obtain annual Sudden Unexpected Infant Death (SUID) training for self and all substitutes, assistants and helpers.
The Law Library Staff prepares "Internet Legal Web Sites" for the convenience of our users to provide access to a variety of sources addressing particular points of law. These are general legal information sources, and are not to be construed as a substitute for personal legal advice from an attorney. Please seek legal counsel to help you determine the applicability of any of the information in these resources to your specific situation. The Law Library makes no recommendation as to whether you should purchase any services offered by the websites contained on this page.
Our School Curriculum Attendance Dress Code School Meals Student Check-out Process Family Engagement
I agree he is a good orator. "That's the truth. The party that talks about honesty, decency, has a person who has been accused of murder", he said.Shah was an a...
Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenburg said last month the company has delayed deliveries of 777 planes to Iran amid the Trump administration's reconsider...
Amber Stanley and her kids were killed Monday when their vehicle hit an alligator. The driver then ran off the left side of the road - into the median - and str...
As results unfolded, Hariri said he extends his hand to all political groups who care about preserving Lebanon's stability. Another longtime ally of Hezbol...
Trump tweeted that they will discuss trade, an area where he says "good things will happen". During the summit, Kim and Moon committed themselves to the comp...
Petersburg on Friday when paramedics showed up at her residence and she simply claimed that she needed beer to quench her thirst, the Daily Mail reported . P...
Police have accused Guttilla of shooting and killing Troy Ford, 35, of Highgate, who had been her boyfriend. Erika Guttilla, 31, and her boyfriend Corey Cassa...
Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba and Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele were the target of monkey chants during the match in Saint Petersburg, a 3-1 vi...
For its part, HUD says the rule hasn't been effective and communities need more time to comply. Carson's predecessor as HUD secretary, said the regulation wou...
The small but vocal group held campaign signs with her name on them, standing across the road from Ford and Wynne supporters holding signs of their own. Devansh...
This was like rubbing salting into the wounds of farmers. Sonia took a jibe at PM for his sabka -saath, sabka vikas. "The BJP has viewed Karnataka as a "gat...
Mazara was nearing the line when the ball hit off his glove and dropped into foul territory. The Rangers won a replay challenge in the eighth when rookie se...
Arvest Natl Bank Tru Division has 2.05% invested in Bank of America Corporation (NYSE: BAC ). BAC outperformed by 16.63% the S&P500. Ithaka Group Llc decrea...
But Bitzer said twice as many Democratic ballots than Republican ballots have been cast in the 9th District, where there is also a Democratic congressional prim...
Saturday's rain (it was the wettest race day ever recorded) led to a calmer environment inside the stadium, although fans were still jeering over Justify's wi...
JPMorgan Chase restated a "buy" rating and issued a $182.00 target price on shares of McDonald's in a research note on Monday, March 12th. The company was maint...
Mohammad Abbas and Shadab Khan claimed four wickets apiece in thge second innings as the hosts were bowled out for 301 at Wantage Road. And despite losing A...
Meanwhile, police have booked suspect Abdi Hussain, 21, under attempted murder and terrorism charges. He said he had bought the weapon from a local after scrapi...
Both JD.com and Alibaba have been investing heavily in new business in an effort to tap fresh markets, but this has hurt their margins, as indicated by their ...
As students were called up to receive their diplomas, some chose to perform a quick celebratory dance. Many students were having fun on stage by dancing, but ...
The BJP took potshots at Mr Gandhi over his remarks that he was ready to be the Prime Minister, saying the Congress president, who is harbouring "lofty dreams" ...
Several contentious issues remain unresolved after more than eight months of talks between Canada, the United States and Mexico to renegotiate the North America...
According to Mr. Bassami, the statement has been released by the government stating that all the essential requirements for women to start driving in the kingdo...
Taking advantage of the new service, IRCTC e-wallet users can now book rail e-tickets including Tatkal quota tickets through its mobile android app, IRCTC Rail...
The social network said that from now on it would only show Irish citizens adverts funded by organisations and people based in the Republic, in an attempt to ad...
The defeat was also damaging for the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn after members of his party in the upper house defied orders to abstain from the vote and inst...
In a post on Facebook, which has been shared by almost 3,500 people, Jamie Prescott wrote that "the deodorant challenge" has become common place amongt the town...
The amendment put forward by Mr Miliband , the former Labour leader, would pave the way for a " second Leveson inquiry " encompassing print media and broadcast...
Haverbeck's house was empty and her vehicle was missing. She was arrested by Herford police and immediately transferred to a correctional facility where she i...
The wounded agent is part of Chicago's Gun Strike Force formed a year ago to cut the number of illegal guns in the city. U.S. Magistrate Judge Maria Valdez,...
Keeping with the trend of the last few months, the drought has been the major story throughout April. With much of the state, notably the southern half and the High Plains, seeing less than half of its normal monthly rainfall, and the summer heat looming on the horizon, water concerns are growing. School districts in the Panhandle, such as Amarillo ISD, have begun to pay nearly double the water rate from a few years ago. In Wichita Falls, it is looking more and more likely that a Stage 5 drought declaration will be issued which will ban pools from being filled and close car washes two days a week. In all, 240 of the 252 counties in Texas qualified for federal drought disaster assistance by the end of April.
Agriculture hasn’t fared well this month either. In addition to the continued lack of rain, a variety of other obstacles have struck the Panhandle’s winter wheat crops. A late season freeze occurred over multiple days, dropping temperatures to the high 20s. Continued dust storms, sourced from several different locations, have reduced visibility enough to cause several multi-car pile-ups and coast planting fields in several layers of dust. Crop watering has slowed due to water shortages in municipalities, meaning the wheat and cotton crops in the High Plains are in particular danger.
Though it didn’t rain much, the storms that did come through came in with a punch. Three tornado touchdowns occurred over the month, two in an outbreak on April 3rd in North Texas, and one on April 13 in East Texas, though with only moderate damage and there was no loss of life. The storm system on the 3rd caused significant hail damage in Denton when baseball sized hail fell downtown.
I simply want to tell you that I am beginner to blogging and site-building and seriously loved you’re blog site. Almost certainly I’m likely to bookmark your website . You certainly come with fabulous articles. Bless you for sharing with us your blog.
I believe one of your adverts triggered my internet browser to resize, you might want to put that on your blacklist.
I simply couldn’t leave your web site before suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the usual info a person provide for your guests? Is going to be again often to inspect new posts
I’m impressed, I have to admit. Truly rarely should i encounter a blog that’s both educative and entertaining, and without a doubt, you might have hit the nail around the head. Your concept is outstanding; the catch is something not enough consumers are speaking intelligently about. We’re delighted i stumbled across this inside my find some thing regarding this.
There is clearly a bunch to identify about this. I think you made some nice points in features also.
Whats Happening i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It positively useful and it has aided me out loads. I’m hoping to contribute & assist other users like its aided me. Good job.
I’m speechless. This is a very good blog and really attractive too. Nice work! That’s now not in reality so much coming from an beginner publisher like me, but it’s all I may just say after diving into your posts. Nice grammar and vocabulary. No longer like other blogs. You truly understand what you?re talking about too. Such a lot that you made me wish to discover more. Your weblog has transform a stepping stone for me, my friend.
Thanks , I’ve recently been searching for information about this subject for ages and yours is the greatest I have found out so far. But, what concerning the conclusion? Are you positive in regards to the supply?
I was just searching for this information for some time. After six hours of continuous Googleing, finally I got it in your website. I wonder what’s the lack of Google strategy that do not rank this kind of informative sites in top of the list. Usually the top web sites are full of garbage.
I am really impressed with your writing skills as well as with the layout on your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare to see a nice blog like this one these days..
you’re actually a just right webmaster. The website loading pace is amazing. It kind of feels that you’re doing any distinctive trick. Also, The contents are masterpiece. you’ve performed a wonderful process in this subject!
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be really something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I’m looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
I simply want to tell you that I am just new to weblog and truly liked this website. Almost certainly I’m going to bookmark your blog . You amazingly come with great well written articles. Bless you for sharing with us your web site.
All videos under the management of xvideos, xnxx. clipfb.com aren't responsible for related to content.
60 inch single sink vanity chilled gray inch single vanity combo with white marble top 60 single sink vanity canada.
Older rental units from the sixties and seventies often have loud heating and air conditioning issues, and some of the heat pumps for these units are actually installed in the bedroom closet. These older designs can possibly lead to sleeping difficulty for those who are light sleepers. Many people who rent apartment units with a design like this only spend enough time in the unit to finish out one term of their lease and then they get out as quickly as they can. Beware of apartments that have this design if you have any desire at all for a quiet sleep.
After compiling a long list, it's time to cut down on the contenders. The best way to do this is to read reviews of your potential apartment for rent. Use several websites to read reviews from. It is important that you get a good idea of what to expect from a certain management company. Keep in mind, not all rentals will have reviews about them online, but that doesn't necessarily mean the place is good. Take all reviews with a grain of salt. Everyone is different, and what may have been a nightmare for someone's expectations, may not be for you. After reading several reviews, consider what are common problems they have all discussed. For example, many reviews mention that local residents smoke in the alley; it is safe to say most residents are smokers.
You can also find affordable apartments for rent by searching the newspaper. However, shopping around might be a better option. It's important that you become familiar with the neighborhood. It would also be wise to consider how far you want to drive to work each day. You can find the best cheap apartments for rent available by simply asking around.
Posts of The Week aquazul condo fort lauderdale florida ocean blvd condos for rent local apartments real estate appt one bedroom apartment search engines two house duplex homes lease townhomes
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Apartment Design claim ownership or responsibility for such items a and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
If you want a choker necklace that is a bit more then just thin piece then this lace and pearls choker necklace is what you want.
The piece has a lot of white lace and on it, you can see pearl hanging with in the middle a gold frame with a pearl inside. And they are not real pearls or gold but still look really nice.
Just imagine this necklace as part of your outfit and then you just know that it is the piece you always wanted.
The bikini set is pink and the pink fabric is covered in many great white sharks in all kind of different poses making this a really cool piece for when you go swimming in the sea.
The front of the bikini top goes all the way to the neckline and the back has a nice cross shaped strap making this a really fun looking piece for the beach or pool.
Posted on July 25, 2017 July 24, 2017 Tags activewear, bikini, shark, swimwearLeave a comment on Women’s Pink And Sharks Bikini Set
These earrings look like little sharks and they have their mouth open. And when you wear the shark earrings it looks like you have a biting shark hanging on your ear.
It’s a fun earring to wear socially and I am sure that people are gone do a double take when they notice them in your ears.
Posted on August 19, 2013 January 29, 2015 Tags earrings, Jewelry, sharkLeave a comment on Biting Shark Earrings
This blouse is so cute, you can buy it in black and white too which is just as lovely! Ted Baker's current collection is really gorgeous and girly, I love it!! I wish I could afford to buy more, I'm sure if I search the high street enough I will find decent lookalikes.
I had summer in mind when I bought these Levi's, I'm such a huge fan of denim shorts in the summer, they're so easy to just throw on and they go with everything! The seller I bought these from on eBay was amazing, I got the shorts 2 days after paying for them and they're not just your average cut offs, they have been professionally taken up. I can't guarantee the same shorts will be available but I'm sure you would be able to find some similar, check out this seller HERE.
I've decided from now on I'm going to do more summery posts whatever the weather, I'm just craving summer so bad. I hope you guys are all good, I will blog again soon sweethearts x
I love the boots and jacket! Well I'm waiting for winter ;) it's been too damn hot in South-Africa. xo
My name is Myst. I am Muddy's adopted brother and I learned a lot about blogging from growing up with him.
I frequently do cat posts on my photoblog, "I Shutter At The Thought!" Perhaps you will enjoy today's photos: http://wp.me/p1Pt7L-mP
You bought WHAT at the grocery store today?? Cats always have to check out bags and boxes when they make their way to the kitchen floor. It's just a given!
It was a big day for the fashion world, especially in New York City because Kanye West launched his Yeezy Season 2 collection.
It’s no surprise that Mr. West is the king of fashion, but it did catch us by surprise to see that the pale colors were the thing all down the runway.
Of course, A-listers were left and right while in the fashion show. Starting with the Kardashian crew, to P Diddy, Jay Z, Beyonce, Pusha T, and even Anna Wintour.
Actor Omari Hardwick went to the Breakfast Club to promote the film “Nobody’s Fool” with Tika Sumpter on Wednesday, but things took a turn when a fan called in...
like everybody Knows the Thai word for “Ladyboy” is “Katoey”. actually, you cannot Really transcribe this into english as needs
45.9 about Actually actually, already. also and as be blogosphere cannot course culture degrading, deny discrimination Discussing don’t English. enjoy enough especially esteem. everybody fear for front. Gatoey. hard have how if in information into is it it.We jobs katoey katoy known Knows Ladyboys, language. like make ministry more much) � named needs nicknames not observing of on ourselves, people percent pronounce pronounced proper provide quite Really reason, say self sharp Should sound Thai Thai.We that Thats the this time to Together too transcribe up very visiting wants webblogWe why will with word write writing you กะเทย. “G” “Katoey”. “Ladyboy”
your hair rocks and i love your outfit! So happy to have stumbled upon your blog. It's adorable! Hope you will stop by mine! Annddd, I'm your newest follower hey hey hey!
Love the shorts :D I really need to get myself a pair of demin shorts, wanna loose weight first. I don't wanna be the chubby one in short shorts ;) haha! I am a new follower :)
http://beautybook13.blogspot.co.uk/2013/02/100-followers-giveaway.html - I have a giveaway on at the minute and would love for you to check it out :D
My little space on the internet to share my fashion findings and most probably bitch about life. Enjoy!
Our CloudComputing quoting tool can access rates from over 50 of the top nationwide providers within your area.
Find out the absolute best CloudComputing rate and review the details online. Our system will store your quote for later visits.
Speak with a CloudComputing expert before you order, or just submit the order online through our website.
Call us today at 1.888.765.8301 and talk to one of our CloudComputing experts, or enter your information above to compare CloudComputing rates from dozens of different providers. Best of all there is no cost to you and we guarantee the lowest price from our CloudComputing partners.
Cloud Computing Disaster Recovery as a Service Desktop as a Service Infrastructure as a Service Coverage Privacy Terms Contact LogOn Domains Virtual Private Servers
Read National News from Australia, World News, Business News and If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page. Warnie and Fev in celebrity bash, crash, then no pash Lawyers warn a one-off $30 million funding boost for services that provide legal .. girlfriend exp stan 300-60
McEvoy, Campbell sisters headline Australian Olympic swim team . Australia's number 1 dating site headlines
15 Apr 2016 Based on performances, the Australian squad contained 10 No. 1 ranked swimmers, giving rise to confidence that the squad can once again . Australia's number 1 dating site headlines
Skip to: Main Content: Site Navigation: Site Footer: Site Search: Site Map The longer you have done something one way, the harder it is to do it another way. No. It is at its best when we are getting what we need. We want a lot of things. . fire that killed his girlfriend's three daughters and parents has changed his story.. Australia's number 1 dating site headlines
British number one Johanna Konta and Heather Watson will play at the Aegon International Read more on No-one surprised by Murray split - Williams' coach.. Australia's number 1 dating site headlines
latest news headlines from Maroochydore, Buderim and more on sport, weather, The website names five Sunshine Coast addresses links to the Panama Papers. Date Listed 12 May, 2016 .. Get qualified at Australia's leading tourist .
23 reviews of Headlines Hair Studio "Kari is amazing! Today was my first time coming to this salon since moving here, and because I have curly hair, I am often
18 Feb 2016 Twenty One Pilots have grown astronomically since the release of of sold-out European dates, Twenty One Pilots return to Australia for Now the band return with 'Stressed Out', one of their most intensely personal singles to date. but now that they're doing their own headline tour there's no need to
11 Mar 2016 Entries for the 2016 Australian Catholic University (ACU) Prize for Poetry are Kindness, and will be presented on Thursday 1 September as part of the 2016 works spanning more than 60 years, dating back to 1955's No Glass Houses. Entered poems must be unpublished (including on any website or
Prospective authors are invited to submit original technical papers to IEEE CloudNet 2017. All submissions should be written in English with a maximum paper length of six (6) printed pages (minimum 10-point font), following the IEEE 2-column conference paper format (see Paper Submission Guidelines). Maximum one (1) additional page with over length page charge of 100 USD is allowed. Papers exceeding 7 pages will not be accepted at EDAS.
© Copyright 2018 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.
A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
Welcome to our Portal about Home Furniture! Our web pages 349 repressents photo materials and notes, other materials and screenshots for themes: "furniture toronto condo", "furniture 2000 pittsburgh", "furniture 2 go tulsa oklahoma", "furniture gliders move" and "amish furniture madison wi" for "furniture village northolt", the furniture barn door. And also you can find more TOP Rated products and offers. Scroll Down!
Awesome designs for: furniture consignment reno nv; furniture mall beach road; furniture broker michigan
The Collection of screenshots and other info, find more for themes: "used furniture boston area", "furniture retailers review", "furniture 4 less locations", "furniture mall and singapore", "furniture market dates".
The furniture and other online offers on page 320; "furniture row shopping center austin tx"; "furniture retailers review"; "furniture toronto condo".
Screenshots 336 furniture upholsterers plano; furniture barn newark de; furniture in chicago discount code; furniture industry sustainability programme; oak furniture makers uk furniture 4 less locations.
Best and hidden tips from page 1121 about themes: furniture movers boise idaho, furniture medic burbank and furniture vancouver bc, furniture jakarta wood or also furniture industry sustainability programme.
Reference to other screen-shots and photos of our site for themes: "furniture ny european", "furniture living room chairs", "furniture row shopping center springfield missouri", "cleveland furniture bank thrift store" and "furniture beds ma".
Look at photos 645 and screenshots 806 for my design: furniture barn winston salem, furniture pictures esl and furniture arranging for small spaces furniture 2 go stockport.
Veternas stories on page 556 from Themes: amish furniture madison wi, cleveland furniture bank thrift store and also furniture movers las vegas.
And Also you can find and learn more about the furniture barn greenville plus furniture beds for less. furniture industry book, furniture upholsterers in nj, furniture movers utah, furniture 2000 pittsburgh, the furniture pads for moving and furniture unfinished pennsylvania, furniture market surrey!
ATTENTION! Our Exclusive materials on themes "furniture for kids malaysia" and "Furniture At Work Chair Parts" from our stock photos is copyrighted!
Ohter top rated materials: va furniture market roanoke va, furniture row outlet employment, furniture bar for house, furniture making classes atlanta, furniture pictures esl
Scroll UP and look at page 57365 from theme furniture beds nyc, furniture bedroom furniture furniture living room, antique furniture dealers london and furniture medic victoria, furniture at work leather chair or visit site about donate furniture york region and furniture making classes atlanta!
Posted: 8:08 PM in 2014 by Catherine within Internet marketing,Local,Online Advertising,Online Research,SEO,Small Business Marketing
Local Marketing is the process of creating and communicating messages about your business to your local community. The idea is to specifically target the community around your business and direct promotional messages to the local population, rather than a mass market. This saves you time and money, increasing your ROI. With 95% of smartphone users searching for local info, it definitely pays to market locally.
82% of small business owners say that their main source of new business is referrals. Luckily, 72% of consumers trust online reviews just as much as personal recommendations from real people. By simply managing your online presence, you can build referrals faster than ever before! Local marketing builds your online presence, giving you top search results in search engines and local directories, so your business becomes the top choice for local consumers.
Did you know that when people search for a product or service online, local businesses appear higher in the results than non-local businesses? When you use geographically targeted keywords on your website, you’re harnessing the power of localized search engine results and pushing your website higher on the results list. With 73% of all online search activity relating to local content, that means there are a lot of consumers who could be viewing your business right now. All you have to do is create the online presence and local marketing campaign that will put you in their first page results.
Local online marketing helps your business attract more customers from the Internet in your community. With custom software that is provided as a service, you can create and control a complete local online marketing strategy that brings more quality visitors to your site – and then converts them to clients.
Local marketing gives your business that competitive edge that makes the difference between success and failure. For many small to medium sized businesses, the ability to market locally is vital and should always be considered first.
It is estimated that nearly 90% of all your customers live, work, or play within 6 miles of your business’ location. More specifically, 70% of your customers are typically within 3 miles of your location. This means your local market is important and local marketing is essential.
By marketing your business with local search engines such as Google places, Yahoo local, and Bing local, your business will benefit from more targeted traffic. By specifically marketing locally with software as a service that boosts your online marketing efforts, your business will be more successful with your target audience! With 44% of online shoppers starting by using a search engine, you need to ensure your business is coming out on top!
Due to forecast weather conditions in Northern VA tomorrow, the 2A Swim Meet has been canceled for tomorrow, Saturday, February 15.
We all love the Internet, we all have the Internet, and most of us are paying for the Internet. Here’s how the Internet can save you money.
If you can “borrow” Internet from a neighbor who failed to secure their network, do it. It isn’t illegal or unethical as long as you don’t access their personal information. If an individual chooses not to secure their network, they’re sharing, so enjoy. If you can’t borrow, figure out if you can split with a neighbor. Internet service is expensive, but if you have a neighbor you trust and are able to pick up a wireless signal then why not split the cost?
The internet can save you lots of money on consumer goods. For example, the Cuyahoga Falls library has a database of movie titles you can download for free. And of course there are many free mp3s and podcasts of music, news, Bible teachings, radio programs, and much more. Keep up on pop culture without paying for cable by watching television shows and music videos on YouTube and other such sites.
The Internet is also good for “shopping around” without wasting gas money and time. Instead you can check stores’ web sites to price and compare an item you need. I do this before buying anything out of the ordinary, such as a gift or new appliance. The disadvantage is that usually stores that sell close-outs don’t have their inventory on-line. (That would be nearly impossible.) But if you’re planning to buy an item in a regular retail store comparing prices on-line is fast and free. I often compare prices at Walmart, Target, Kohls, and Bed, Bath, and Beyond online before making a purchase.
Another great way the Internet can save you money is through money-saving blogs, web sites, coupons, and emails. Check out the following sites:
Savebenjis.com: use this iphone app at the store or your home computer to read product reviews and find the best current price for a particular item. It will tell you the going rates at amazon, ebay, and many other sites and stores.
Slickdeals.net: every day this web site lists great deals, often available for purchase on the Internet. Some typical items include clothing, household items, and restaurant dining.
Woot.com: “One day, one deal” is their slogan. Sign up for their daily email, which sends one hot deal a day, from electronics to fast food, and everything in between.
Dealnews.com: features several great deals every day, from laptops to apparel. Includes items for purchase, sometimes with free shipping.
Craigslist.com: search your local area and use savebenjis.com to compare prices. Keep your eyes open for scams, and never meet someone alone in their home. Either take a friend or meet in a public place. Not only can find great deals on this site, but you avoid shipping costs by purchasing locally and picking up the item.
Ebay.com: a great place to buy and sell, but only if you know the going rate. Make sure you’re getting a better deal than retail or Craigslist, don’t bid above that, and remember to factor in shipping costs. Keep in mind that it can be hard to compete with snipers, who can use software to automatically re-bid every second!
Amazon.com: if you’re going to spend over $25 on new products, you get automatic free shipping. This is a great place if you want to buy gifts or otherwise don’t want used items. Their prices on new items are usually far cheaper than chain retail stores like Borders and Barnes and Noble. And their used collection isn’t bad, but the prices rarely beat half.com.
Half.com: the best place to buy used books, whether you’re looking for college textbooks, light reading, or anything in between. Standard shipping is $3.99, but it’s still usually a better deal than anywhere else.
Entertainment.com: if you don’t want to buy the book, sign up for a free trial and choose free printable coupons for your area.
BetterWorld.com: shop more than two million new and used books at bargain prices. Their prices may not beat half.com, but shipping is free within the U.S. So do the math and find the best deal. Plus they donate a portion of their revenues to literacy causes.
RetailMeNot.com: search this web site to find “secret” coupon codes for online shopping. This site includes customer reviews about which coupons actually work, and under what conditions.
DSIREUsa.org: Some states or localities will offer a discount on energy-efficient appliance purchases. Check here to find out if you can save money on your next appliance. Discounts organized by state.
PlasticJungle.com: buy and sell unwanted gift cards on this web site for an average discount of 15%. The site verifies the balances to make sure buyers don’t get ripped off.
Be a fashion revolutionary, not a fashion icon! To do this, you must first forget the fashion falsehoods. Fashion sells the lie that you need new clothes every season, or even every year. This is not based in reality at all. I have clothes that have lasted since high school. Granted, they aren’t the most stylish (they weren’t back then, either). But if you buy quality basics, you should be able to wear them much longer than a season or even a year.
Fashion is really just another aspect of consumerism, but it’s particularly tempting as it’s so closely tied to identity, perhaps especially for females. In response to the air-brushed models and well-styled actresses flooding the media, we believe the lie that our looks determine our value. Soon we are slaves to our appearance. If we don’t have the right clothing, shoes, purse, jewelry, and make-up, we are unattractive and therefore worthless. If we say we don’t believe this, let’s live like it, too!
To fight the fashion myths, wait until your clothes are really worn out or don’t fit, and then shop at thrift stores, clearance racks, and sales. You don’t need to be in style or have your clothes fit like they’re tailored. At the same time, don’t buy clothes that are obviously cheaply made. For example, many of the mall stores with teeny-bopper-type clothes have cheap prices but the clothes fall apart in less than a year. Find stores that sell quality items for less, but always consider whether you could do better at the thrift or second-hand store.
All the same principles apply for shoes, pursues, and other accessories. Why do you need five purses? Just get something basic that will match many outfits and seasons. Don’t buy into the myth that you need shoes and accessories to perfectly match every outfit. Who cares if the shade or style is a little off? We’re revolutionaries, not fashion icons!
While the fashion industry is quite artificial since no one needs new clothes each season, fashion itself can be an art form that reflects the beauty of God’s creation and His creative image stamped in us. So I’m not saying it’s wrong to match, or wear flattering clothing, or buy a new dress once in a while. It is harmful, denigrating, and enslaving to take our identity from what we wear and frivolously spend on clothes when there are better ways to use our money.
Recognize the difference between want and need. Maybe you’d like a new pair of shoes to match a particular outfit, but if you’re like me and already own a dozen pairs, you probably don’t need them. Most likely you own something suitable, if not entirely fashionable. Learn to let go of the idea that you have to look red-carpet ready to go the grocery store, or even to a wedding.
When you do need something, shop around for a good price. Depending on the item, consider trying a thrift store or second-hand shop first. Most Goodwill and Salvation Army stores have dressing rooms, which is a big advantage because it’s a waste of money to buy something only to find out it doesn’t fit. And most thrift stores have “deal” days, like the Cuyahoga Falls Salvation Army has fifty percent all items on Wednesday. The Village Discount Outlet has different tag colors fifty percent off every day, and on Mondays one tag color is only fifty cents. Of course thrift shopping always involves the luck of the draw and takes more time. If possible, try to go early to get the best deals.
At the mall, avoid stores where clothing is inexpensive but cheaply made. I find that Express and Limited brands hold up well. Most of the clothes I’ve had since high school (I graduated seven years ago), are from these stores. So if you go to the mall, head to the clearance racks at the back of the store. If you’re looking for something in particular, keep in mind that the cheapest items are those just going out of season. So think ahead and then shop ahead (or behind) as appropriate. Kohl’s often has very good clearance, although I don’t fit into their misses sizes, and I find their juniors items to be less well-made. There are bargains to be had, so don’t give up hope. For example, I didn’t pay more than $10 for any of the jeans I own, and I bought them new at the mall.
If you’re small, try buying socks and shoes from the children’s section. I’ve found good particularly good deals on tennis shoes (half the price of the same adult shoes).
Buy men’s dress-casual clothes new, on clearance racks or sales. Men tend to hang onto their clothes longer than women, meaning that the thrift store collection is often missing buttons and full of sweat stains, food stains, rips, and holes. There are occasional deals to be had on unworn items, but generally I don’t find it worth an hour to find one such item. I usually get Neil’s shirts and dress pants on sale or clearance at Kohl’s.
Another good strategy is to borrow and get hand-me-downs from people less cheap than you. Here’s a dirty little secret: the cheap people need the not-so-frugal people to save money. Without them there would be no thrift stores, no hand-me-downs worth handing down, and no one’s closet to raid. My sisters and I share clothes sometimes, although less frequently now that we live further apart, and I welcome hand-me-downs, especially from my fashion designer sister! Always remember to take good care of other people’s clothes if they’re on loan, though. One of my sisters ruined a most fabulous find of mine, a light blue silk blouse I got on clearance at Banana Republic for $5. In trying to return it to me clean, she put it through both the washer and dryer. So be careful with other people’s stuff!
Once you’ve got your new or new-to-you rags, take care of them! This will make them last much longer. The best way to extend a garment’s lifespan is not wash it too frequently. Of course you’ll wash your undergarments and exercise gear often. But with jeans and sweaters, the more expensive items, don’t wash every time you wear. Unless you’ve spilled something on them, there’s really no need to wash after one or two wears. I wash one pair of jeans per week unless I spill something on them. My sister designed denim for Express and she agrees with this advice.
I barely believe in dry-cleaning. I’ve taken Neil’s suit to be dry-cleaned once in the five years he’s owned it. And I took a wool coat once, with a coupon of course! That’s the extent of my dry-cleaning experience. Instead of spending money at the cleaners, I avoid buying dry-clean only clothes. My husband is less careful about this and has gifted me with a number of dry-clean only garments like wool sweaters. He even managed to find a pair of exercise pants that aren’t supposed to be machine washed. Can you think of anything more impractical?
So what is a frugal wife to do with such items? It’s what I call “home dry cleaning.” First, wash items only when needed, like if there’s a stain or it’ stinky or sweaty. Next, most items can be cleaned in a gentle, cold water cycle in a washing machine. Just don’t put the item in the dryer—I shrunk more than one sweater that way. If the item will lose shape, lay it flat to dry; otherwise hang it up right away.
If the no-machine-wash item is extremely delicate, such as with beadwork or silk, wash it by hand when necessary. Use lukewarm water and just a dab of laundry detergent. Scrub stained areas or the armpits by gently rubbing the fabric against itself. Then wring it out and hang or lay flat to dry.
One of the big advantages of dry-cleaning is that your clothes come back pressed and ready to wear. But there’s
a way to avoid both dry-cleaning and ironing. I buy wrinkle-resistant dress clothes for Neil, and generally stay away from clothes that requiring ironing for me. Wrinkle-resistant fabric is very common in men’s dress clothes so it usually doesn’t cost more, especially when you’re shopping clearance and sales. Really resisting wrinkles takes some diligence with the laundry, though. You can’t let the clothes sit in the drier after the cycle is finished. It actually works best to take them out while they’re still slightly wet, or immediately after they’ve dried. Hang them immediately, squarely on the hangers, in a way that does not smash the clothes into each other. Using this method I only iron about once every three weeks because Neil still has some shirts that aren’t wrinkle-resistant. Using the method above makes ironing easier for all types of fabric.
To make bras last longer I wash them in a bra ball, also called a lingerie bag. It’s a little mesh bag that zips open so you can put small delicate items inside. I purchased one at Bed, Bath, and Beyond for $4 with a coupon, which is much cheaper than buying a new bra.
In high school ministry we schedule at least one activity a week, but it’s hard to keep it up when most people are broke. So I came up with a list of inexpensive ministry activities (some of which could also serve as family, friend, or date activities). Some are free; others are cheap when everyone participates. These are not all my ideas, but ideas collected from people over the years. Have fun!
Lu’au: Make a playlist by borrowing Hawaii/tropical CDs from the library and/or downloading music. Ask people to dress in tropical/summer clothing. Have a hula hoop contest, a limbo contest, and search the Internet for other Hawaiian-themed games. Make desserts using pineapple and coconut. Ask people to pitch in for pineapple pizza ($5 for Pizza Hut’s Pizza Mia, plus 10% for your first on-line order).
Burning tongues party: Party like it’s Pentecost at this spicy-food themed party (invented by the Michalek home church). Ask everyone to bring a spicy dish, and have a few people bring something bland to cleanse the palate. It might be a good idea to have some Tums on hand as well. Make a playlist of songs that use the word “hot” (there’s more than enough of those).
Culinary contest: Ask everyone to bring their best gourmet creation. Provide plates, forks, and napkins and number the dishes. Have everyone sample the food and then vote on 1-3 favorites, then announce the winners. This activity allows for good conversation while people eat. It might be helpful to break dishes into categories like appetizers, entrees, and desserts. And you might judge on multiple aspects such as taste, presentation, originality, etc. if you want to get more involved.
Film festival: Ask individuals and/or cell groups to create a movie. Let people know far in advance, at least a month or two, so they can write, film, and edit their movie. People could dress up red carpet style. Serve popcorn and show each of the films. Allow the creators to introduce their movies. This could also be a contest if people voted on their favorite film. Or there could be an award given to each movie for a distinctive feature.
Dollar movie theater: Movies 10 in North Canton shows ten second-run films everyday for $1-2 dollars. These movies are shown right after they leave the main movie theaters so they’re not too out-dated. Also, the Linda Theater in Akron shows one second-run movie a week for $3. It’s neat because it’s at an old theater, but it isn’t in a great area. Both theaters have their showings listed on moviefone.com.
Bonfire: Bring some marshmallows and a camp chair and settle in for a good conversation around the fire. Initiate a discussion topic, such as one related to the CT or home church teaching.
Take a walk: This activity is better for smaller groups, families, or couples. When it’s nice out explore the neighborhood. It’s good exercise and a great chance to talk and enjoy nature.
Themed dance party: Choose a decade (70s, 80s) or a style (swing, salsa) and dress appropriately. Make a playlist and dance the night away!
Rock Star, Karaoke, or DDR: This of course is only cheap if someone already owns the games and system. Take turns watching and playing these interactive games.
Make sundaes: Ask everyone to bring a different flavor of ice cream or type of topping, and have a couple people bring bowls and spoons. Assign a few people to serve the ice cream (and the toppings if there are kids). Then strike up a good convo while you eat.
Amazing Race: Create clues that will take different teams around town in search of their next clue. First to reach the final destination wins. Ask Ted Howell about the details because he knows how it’s done.
Scavenger Hunt: Create a list of odd objects to collect or pictures to take. Assign different point values based on difficulty. Break into teams and see who can gain the most points in a set period of time. Spending money (and stealing) are off-limits. Teams who arrive late either lose points or get disqualified. Joe Allie is the master of creating scavenger hunts.
Pictionary tournament: Get two whiteboards or chalkboards and break into two teams. If people are too loud, have the teams go one at a time and see if they can beat the timer, not the other player, for their point.
Cards: I don’t know how to play anything but War, Go Fish, and Speed, but other people do so get some Poker or Euchre or Blackjack going and have fun! With Chill we used to set up tables and do a casino night for the infamously unspendable “Chill Bucks.”
Road trip: Announce a road trip and travel to anywhere—it’s about the journey, not the destination. Head to a far-away restaurant or check out a meeting in Xenos Columbus.
Field Day Day: Remember field day at school? Plan various events like 50-yard dash, 100-yard dash, three-legged race, dizzy lizzy, tug-of-war, relays, etc.
Sports: Soccer, softball, volleyball, kickball, Frisbee soccer, or any other team torture (I mean sport) you can think up. But I think basketball and football are too rough for co-ed games.
Crafts: This is a girls’ small group or family activity. Make ornaments, gifts, jewelry, or a host of other items. Check the Internet for corny craft ideas.
White Elephant gift exchange: As Christmas approaches host a white elephant gift exchange. Everyone brings an object they already own but are willing to give away. Wrap the item up—the fancier, the better. Then have someone choose an item. The next person can choose the same item or a different one, and on until the last person has chosen their item. Then everyone opens them and laughs at the weird stuff people wrapped up. Play Christmas music and wear your Christmas sweater (see below).
Ugly Sweater Christmas party: (credit to Kay Homer) Everyone goes to the thrift store and buys a corny Christmas sweater and/or other Christmas apparel (earrings, turtlenecks, vests, etc.) and wears it to the party. Make a runway and have everyone model their sweater for a panel of judges. Award the winners with cheap candy canes.
Rockin’ on the River: Cover or tribute bands play downtown Cuyahoga Falls most Friday nights in the summer. Check the city calendar for these free concerts. Just beware of the concessions—that’s where they get you.
Talent Show: this is best for junior high group or younger. Hold a talent show where students can showcase their skills. Invite judges from other ministries and have them act like the American Idol judges, commenting on each act. Award everyone a prize.
$5 fashion show: Go to the thrift store or Gabriel Brother’s. Assign teams of five. Each person pitches in up to $5 to create a fashion-forward outfit. At a home where a “runway” has been prepared, each team chooses a model, dresses them, and does their hair and make-up. Put on some techno music and have the models walk for a panel of judges and audience. Give awards for the best outfit and best walk. Allow designers to explain their outfit before it goes on the runway.
Home coffee bar: For groups where hy[eractivity isn’t a problem, make some strong coffee, steam some milk, and use syrups and whipped cream to create your own mochas and lattes. Or get a blender and make frappaccinos in the summer. Check the Internet for recipes. Another great activity for good conversation.
Hiking: Check out the Cuyahoga Valley National Park and go on a group hike. Consider packing a picnic.
Spa night/makeovers: With a girls small group, paint each others’ nails, give massages, do makeovers, and find recipes for face masks or foot baths.
Weight lifting: With a guys’ small group, get some barbells and find some space to lift and do push-ups, sit-ups, and whatever guys do to try to get buff.
Go to Walmart: and be goofy (but not obnoxious). Challenge people to find the cheapest item. Try on a ridiculous outfit. Buy a Slurpie. Look at the fish. Play with the toys. Do a cartwheel. Marvel at the diversity created by American capitalist consumerism.
Bollywood night: With a girls’ small group, rent some Bollywood videos, buy some chutney (or popcorn), and enjoy the corniness and colors of India drama, song, and dance.
Someone in my dorm had a theory that a college student could find enough free food to eat every meal for free. There is some truth to this overstatement. There is usually free food at least once a day somewhere on or near college campuses. You might have to sit through a play or lecture to get it, but you could always try to slip in at the end. Campus organizations know college students are broke and hungry, so they use food to lure students into their meetings. Which works out great as long as you can find those meetings. Keep your eyes and ears open. Look for signs on billboards, and listen in class for department goings-on. Then there are parties and dorm events, college fests, restaurant promos, and student coupons in the newspaper.
Kent State University also has a “food committee” that meets occasionally to evaluate the different food options students have. They also visit other campuses to try out their dining halls and on-campus restaurants. But the best part about the food committee is that if you put down $25 a semester, you get $25 every week to spend on campus food (in the form of a charged card). And all you have to do is fill out a review card for your meal. That covers lunch every week day, for only $25 a semester. What a deal! (I’m not sure how to join the food committee, and of course it’s pretty limited, but I’d be asking around the dining hall and residence life people if I were going to Kent).
Another good strategy is to get an job at a food place—whether it’s the dining hall, on-campus eateries, or near-campus cafeterias. When I worked at Starbucks we got a free drink and $5 for lunch at the Student Union eateries every day we worked. So that took care of lunches every day. Ask the student employees about the perks before you apply.
Your parents also assume you’re broke and hungry so they tend to invite you over for dinner and send you home with leftovers and groceries. (“I just happened to pick up two extra jars of peanut butter this week,” you mom says.) If your parents want to help you out, take it! Don’t be proud. But don’t be a beggar either: “Hey mom, what’s up with a haircut reimbursement?” I heard one college student ask. That’s just lame.
Speaking of haircuts, your best bet in college is to go with a hairstyle that doesn’t have to be trimmed often. This means long hair for girls, or very short hair for guys (unless they want to go long, too). For females, the longer your hair, the less often you have to get it cut. If you don’t have a short or angled style to maintain, you can go four to six months without a trim. That means you only have to pay twice a year. Keep your eyes open for sales or coupons for Best Cuts, Great Clips, and Famous Hair. Often their normal $10-12 prices will drop as cheap as $6.
For guys, get a cut you can trim yourself (like having no or very little hair), or do the hippie thing and let it grow. This last option is not recommended if you are interviewing for internships or jobs in a professional field, though.
For girls, the cheapest route is to not dye or highlight your hair at all. Often highlights and dying require maintenance, which sends you back to the salon again and again. There is drug store hair dye which is much cheaper, but make sure you know what you’re doing, or get an experienced friend to help. Of course, you’re still going to have roots showing soon enough and it still costs money, so the cheapest is not to dye at all.
What you really want to find is a friend who is going to cosmetology school. They will be happy to practice on you, but not experienced enough to charge you. Of course there’s some risk involved with this strategy, but “it’ll grow back” offers some reassurance.
These tips hold for graduates, too, although if you’re a career woman or just have a job where you need to look professional, you might not be able to sport the long-locked scholar look. I remember getting my hair cut at J.C. Penney the week before I started student teaching. “I want to look older, more professional,” I told the nineteen-year-old stylist. I was twenty, and about to teach seniors. She gave me an awful high-school-girl hair cut. I cried. And then I had to buy a curling iron in order to make it look like I wasn’t fifteen. By the time I was actually teaching I pretty much gave up and went with simple: straight down or pulled back everyday.
It’s also cheapest not to have a car, but very annoying for other people who have to drive you around. See the car entry for tips and tricks. The biggest rule is not to get a new car or any significant car payment, especially while you’re in college. I’ve seen college students kill themselves trying to pay for a shiny new Honda, when there are plenty of rusty ones to be had for what you spent on Taco Bell last year. It’s never a great idea to have a car payment, especially a large one, but in college it’s a relational death wish. Between studying and working to pay your car loan, you’ll have no free time. So beware!
Another way to go to college for free is to use the Post-Secondary Enrollment Option (PSEO or PSO). Under this program the state pays for high school students to take college courses for free. And by free, I mean completely free. You don’t even have to pay for your own books (you get a full refund when you return them to the bookstore at the end of the semester).
Sound too good to be true? It isn’t. You just have to be a junior or senior, and you have to apply by a deadline. GPA and other requirements vary by university, but your high school guidance counselor will have information about PSO. Most high schools allow you to go part-time or full-time. So you can split your time between high school and college classes, or you can take all college courses and never even go to high school. Many of your college classes will also count toward your high school graduation requirements. Again, you just have to check with your school.
This program is becoming increasingly popular, and it’s great that it’s so flexible. One of my friends did PSO at a private university part-time her junior year and full-time her senior year. She entered her freshman year of college at that university with enough college credits for sophomore status. One of my sisters took just one PSO class—college algebra. She took it at a branch location of a state university, and was happy to have it out of the way before she started college.
The branch location is a good option if a big campus seems intimidating, too much of a hassle, or too expensive for commuting while in high school. If your heart’s set on going to private university, PSO could make it more affordable if you can graduate early or take less classes per semester. And it’s a good way to try out different courses and figure out what you want to major in if you’re not sure. Not paying for the class takes some pressure off in case you “don’t need it” for your major.
I mentioned this before, but DO NOT pay full bookstore price for your textbooks unless you have to. Here are your other options.
1. Before the semester starts, get the required book lists for your classes from the bookstore. Many universities have these lists available on the bookstore web site. You can also email the professor for information about the required books.
2. Check the library. Using the on-line catalog, see if the books are at your library. If only older editions are available, reserve them in case you can’t find anything better. Often, older editions are still usable. Math and science books are most likely to be the exception, especially if the problems have changed. You don’t want to answer the wrong
If your library doesn’t have it, try OhioLink. Your university library web site should have a button to search Ohio Link. It’s a system between all the universities in Ohio that gives any student access to the catalog and books of any library. So you will be able to see all the schools that have your books, and you can request for them to be sent to your university library. It’s an amazingly convenient system, because all you have to do it show up at the circulation desk after you get an email notice saying the book is waiting there for you. You don’t even have to go find it in the library.
You can now renew an OhioLink book for an entire semester. The only problem you might run into is if someone else requests the book while you have it. Then you can’t keep renewing it. In that case you can try to request another copy, return it late and eat the late fees (which are higher than for other library books, or copy the pages you need before returning it. Sure, it’s a bit of a hassle, but it’s worth saving $500 a semester on books!
The biggest danger with OhioLink is if you lose a book. They charge like crazy even for a paperback novel. The fee for all lost books is $125! I was once accused of not returning an OhioLink book (which I most definitely did—I saw the employee take it out of the drop box which I thought was weird) and faced this $125 penalty. But I convinced the dean of the library that it was a mistake and she let me off. I wouldn’t count on getting that type of grace, though, especially if you really do lose the book. So keep close tabs on OhioLink books.
Social science and humanities books are more likely to be accessible this way. But you can always try the science library for math and science textbooks.
And here’s a secret: you can underline and highlight in library books. I did it all through college.
3. If the library doesn’t have what you want, try half.com. They have tons of used textbooks, with the ISBNs so you can be sure you’re getting what you want. Shipping is $4 per book, but if you’re saving 50% or so, it’s certainly worth it. Again, consider buying an older edition if that’s all you can find. You can always run it by your professor, but make sure they have good reasons if they really think you should buy the new one.
4. If half.com doesn’t deliver, see if Ebay, Amazon, Abebooks, or Alibris (all .coms) have better deals than the book store. It’ll only take you five minutes to search these sites, and you could save hundreds of dollars. They have new and used books, and shipping again runs around $4 per book (free on Amazon if you buy $25 worth of new books).
What if you order a book but it doesn’t come in before classes start? This gets a little complicated, but again, the savings were worth it. I would buy the book at the campus bookstore and check the return policy. I’d use it till my book arrived in the mail, or until the last day I could return it for full credit (usually a week or two).
5. Check off-campus bookstores. They’re not owned and operated by the university, so they often have better deals. Students on your campus may know which store is cheapest, so ask around. You can always call and check the price of a book if you don’t want to spend time going there. Buy used if you can, and find out about their buyback policies.
6. If all else fails, buy used at the campus bookstore and sell it back at the end of the semester unless you really think you’ll need it. Books closely related to your major are often worth keeping, especially if they contain some reference material you’ll need. Another option is to sell it on half.com. See what it’s going for and if you could get substantially more than the bookstore is paying. I never bothered with this, but then again, I never bought many books. They also run coupons sometimes so keep your eyes open for those.
Remember that the bookstore often won’t buy back those “old editions” that won’t be used next semester, so don’t be surprised when you can’t sell back your $100 biology book. Oh, well, that’s just college for you.
I say “poor” because the American definition of poverty is so different from the rest of the world. There are people who are seriously impoverished in America, but even our ghettos are a place of great wealth compared to the slums of India. (Just see the film Slumdog Millionaire, with kids living in the city dump).
I’m not trying to make you poor college students feel guilty, but to point out that you have so much to be grateful for. Are you still covered by your parents’ health insurance? They are saving you $200-300 a month! Do they let you eat their food when you go home? Thank them! Do they ever give you a little cash or help out with an unexpected bill? Don’t count on this, but be very grateful if it happens.
Realize that your run-down college apartment that you share with too many people would look like a mansion to millions in this world. And your beater car is a luxury so many people wouldn’t even dream of owning. Just the opportunity to go to college is a an amazing advantage that you should be so thankful for. Consider yourself privileged. And go to class.
The BEST way to save money in college is to get scholarships! This advice is important for both high school and college students. You can earn scholarships before and after you start college. In high school good grades are important and activities can be helpful, but the real clincher for many colleges is your standardized test scores. So take that ACT, SAT, and PSAT, and then take them again. Practice really helps, so start your junior year (earlier for the PSAT). The tests cost from $30-50 to take, but compared to the $50,000 or more you could earn, it’s a worthwhile investment.
So put some time into as well. When you register for the tests you should get a practice test booklet. Take the practice. Time yourself, and then score it. Determine your strengths and weaknesses, and then practice those some more. Get off Facebook for a minute and find on-online practice tools. Learn how to take the tests—how much time you have, whether you get points off for wrong answers, and what types of questions are on the test. What formulas are provided, and what will you have to know? Get a list of “SAT words” (I bet your English teacher has a list) make flashcards, and study them.
I earned $80,000 in one day of high school. It was the day I took the PSAT. I don’t say this to brag, but to communicate that it is worth studying and preparing for a standardized test if there’s even an outside chance that you could go to college for free, half price, or anything less than the astronomical amount college now costs. So maybe I actually spent a week earning that money, but don’t you think it was worth it?
If academics aren’t your strongest suit, look into other scholarships. There are many Internet databases with applications. Write some essays, fill out some forms, and get some letters of recommendation. It’s a hassle, but paying off $50,000 worth of college loans will be a much bigger pain in the butt down the road. Ask your guidance counselor for information and take advantage of every opportunity, including local scholarships. Even $500 can help you buy books. Check out www.finaid.org/scholarships/, www.collegenet.com/mach25/, www.fastweb.com/, and your high school guidance office.
I am not speaking from experience, but sports scholarships seems like a rip-off to me. You have to spend all hours practicing, traveling and competing. I don’t know how you could do that, study, and have a social life. Perhaps your whole social life revolves around the team. If your life is that sport, it would work for you. But if you don’t want that, I wouldn’t recommend pursuing sports scholarships. Music or art scholarships also require a ton of time, but if it’s related to your major then it would be worthwhile.
Here’s an obvious but often-ignored piece of advice: go to the school that offers the best financial aid package (within the region you want to go to school). The best package isn’t necessarily the highest dollar amount for scholarships or loans. Private schools offer big bucks in aid, but they charge even bigger bucks for tuition. But sometimes the more expensive school is the better deal. So do the math and figure out how much you’ll pay in the end, not just how much they’re offering you.
Of course, there are factors more important than money in choosing a school. If you want to live in Kent (perhaps for a ministry house), and Miami offers you the best package, it isn’t worth it. But if you want to live in Kent and Akron offers you a better package, the twenty minute commute is worth it to save thousands.
Most scholarships must be renewed every year. So never miss the renewal application deadline! A simple mistake like this will cost you thousands of dollars. Each year you should also investigate if you are eligible for new scholarships. This is especially important after your first and second semesters of college, when you may prove with your grades that you are worth some dough.
Always fill out your FAFSA, the Free Application for Federal Student Aid. You may qualify for federal grants, which is free money that you never have to pay back. And then you can also get federal loans which have lower interest rates. You don’t have to pay them back till after you graduate (or quit school, but don’t do that), and they have deferral options that other loans don’t. So if you’re going to need loans, these are the ones to get. Go to www.fafsa.ed.gov/
Another good option is a community college. These aren’t just for those without top grades or people pursuing two-year degrees. You can get your general education requirements out of the way for half the cost or less. If you want to be on a particular campus during the school year, consider taking a couple summer classes at Tri-C or Kent Stark. Again, you should determine whether the commute times are worth the money you’ll save. They very well may be.
The next best way to save money in college is to not flunk out! Don’t pay $5,000 a semester just to blow off class and party too much. If you just want to party, don’t waste that kind of money on tuition. College is a good investment, but only if you’re getting a useful degree. So go to class, pay attention, take notes, do the work, and study for tests. It’s not that complicated. If you need extra help, ask for it. You’re paying big bucks for every class session—around $25 for many state schools in Ohio, and much more if you’re at a private school. So waste not your tuition dollars, and want not a return on your investment (a degree).
If you have questions about standardized test scores, scholarships, grants, or other related topics, please post them in the comments.
It’s March now and spring is (hopefully) just around the corner. As the snow melts and the temperature rise past freezing, spring cleaning may be on people’s minds. But no one really likes cleaning, so why spend big bucks on it? Here’s how to clean on the cheap:
1. Buy choose-a-size towels (I like the ones at Aldi) but use them sparingly. Opt for sponges and rags whenever you can. But if you’re cleaning something particularly nasty, or a window or mirror, or wiping your hand after handling raw meat, then use as few towels as possible. It kills me to see people rip off three full-size squares just to dry their hands after rinsing them. If you consider paper towels a luxury item and try to make them last as long as possible, you will save money and paper.
I don’t recommend buying the cheapest paper towels possible because they aren’t as absorbent and you will end up using more to do the same job.
The same goes for toilet paper. This isn’t really a cleaning tip, but I think buying the cheap 4-pack of generic toilet paper is a rip-off because it doesn’t last. Same goes for the Sam’s Club box of POM. Instead I buy the Scott 12-pack of regular toilet paper. I don’t know such a long-lasting off-brand, so the name brand is worth it here. Don’t spring for the extra-soft variety or any other gimmicks. This is your butt we’re talking about. It really doesn’t matter what you wipe it with. You should just be grateful that the days the Sears-Roebuck catalog pages are over. I’ve converted die-hard soft-toilet paper fans to Scott, and they agree that while it isn’t cushy-soft, it isn’t rough either. And for those who like the feeling of rolling off a lot of sheets, you can do that with Scott and it won’t be gone by the next time you have to go.
2. Keep your cleaning products basic. You don’t need a million different bottles for every type of surface in your home. I like to have glass cleaner, cleaner with bleach, Comet, wood cleaner, and some mold/mildew spray. The best place to buy these is the dollar store, where they are usually $1/bottle. For dish soap, generic doesn’t last nearly as long so I usually buy a large container of Dawn.
3. As I’ve discovered from recent research, I’m probably over-doing it even with those supplies. So here’s the real poor man’s way to clean:
Soft Scrub: Mix 1/8 of baking soda with just enough liquid detergent to make it look like frosting.. Cover a sponge with the mixture and use it to wash surfaces, especially bathtubs and tile. It also works as an oven cleaner, but first add a little bit of water. Then rub a layer of the mixture all over the inside of the oven. Let it sit overnight before scrubbing it off.
Windex: In one of the spray bottles, mix half a teaspoon of the liquid soap, three tablespoons of vinegar, and two cups of water. Shake it up and use it as you would Windex.
Pledge: Mix half a teaspoon of the tea tree oil and a quarter of a cup of vinegar together; polish furniture.
Glade: Regularly spray stinky spots (like the sink, garbage disposal, and trash can) with a mist of vinegar at night.
Tilex: Mix two teaspoons of tea tree oil and two cups of water in a spray bottle, shake it up, and spray it mold or mildew spots. Don’t rinse it off. It will smell strongly at first, but the smell will dissipate, as will the mold and mildew.
Spray Cleaner: Put ¼ to ½ cup bleach in a spray bottle and fill the rest with warm water. Shake and use as a general spray cleaner.
With the exception of the bleach, everything is non-toxic, which is a perk for those with small children.
4. For laundry, I use Astra from Aldi’s, which is $2 for 32 loads. The big boxes of powdered laundry detergent are also a good deal, but make more sense for my small family. I only use half a dryer sheet for each load I dry, which of course makes the box last twice as long. Again, purchase these at Aldi or a dollar store. My mom always did this and the clothes get just as a softened as if you use a whole sheet. If you’re at the laundry mat and drying several loads then use the whole sheet.
Now that I live in a house I’m hoping to get a clotheslines set up when it gets warmer. If you have kids, hanging clothes is a great task for them. I started pretty young, some time in elementary school. Kids like to be outside and it’s good for them to do something useful. But does Stow have any rules about no clotheslines?
Waste not, want not. This phrase, first recorded in 1772, is valuable wisdom for those who wish to live frugally. Consider the original audience. In the 1770s you had to make the most of what you had, because you couldn’t just drive to Walmart and get more when you ran out. And even if you could have, you probably wouldn’t have the money to buy it.
Now open up your ‘fridge and venture to ask yourself how much old or rotting food it contains. Think about how much you throw away because you forget to use it, or don’t feel like eating leftovers. I’m sure your parents pulled the whole starving Ethiopian card innumerable times during your childhood. And it’s true. But try this one out instead: perhaps you can’t buy something you want or give more generously because you throw out $100s of dollars worth of food and other products.
It really bothers me to waste things, and it bothers me even more when other people waste things. Which is not to say I never waste anything, but I certainly try to avoid it. Perhaps it’s just a pet peeve, or maybe it’s an extension of my cheapness. But it’s not a bad idea to develop a healthy aversion to waste.
1. Keep stock of what you have. Don’t buy so much that you can’t keep track of it, particularly with perishable food. Buying similar items each week makes this easier. For example, I always bag one bunch of bananas and one bag of fruit. I know how much I have, and we eat about the same amount each day. This way we don’t let it go to waste.
It is hard to predict how quickly bananas will ripen. But you can always freeze them when they get too brown to eat. Next time you want to make banana bread or a smoothie, you’re ready to go. Here’s my favorite banana bread recipe. It’s also good with oatmeal or chocolate chips added:
2. Along these lines, learn how to use ingredients in a variety of recipes, and plan your menu accordinly. If you buy a big bag of potatoes, you’d better know how to use them before they go bad, especially if you’re single or don’t have kids. You don’t have to eat potatoes every night, but plan for three meals a week using them. And make them three different ways so you won’t get sick of them and not want to eat them.
If you buy a special fresh ingredient like herbs, scallions, or vegetables, make sure you have planned several recipes using them (if you won’t use it up in one recipe). For example, if you buy cilantro for Mexican food, consider making Thai as well.
3. Learn how to re-invent leftovers. What do you do with all the chicken breast from the whole chicken you cooked? Shred it and make barbeque chicken sandwiches or maybe enchiladas. Turn your leftover mashed potatoes into delicious gnocci. Make your extra spaghetti noodles into Thai Peanut Butter noodles. If your eggs are almost experied, make a quiche. (See Part 5 for recipes). Or go on Allrecipes.com and use the “Ingredient Search” to find recipes you can make with what you already have.
4. Freeze what you don’t use. If you just can’t bring yourself to finish that dish of lasagna, give it to me. Just kidding. Actually, you should freeze it in an airtight container. Then you’ll have a convenient meal later on which you can grab instead of prepackaged groceries or fast food. You didn’t waste it, and you weren’t lacking something to eat later on. See, now this waste not, want not phrase is starting to make sense.
This sounds so simple, but the only tricky part is you have to remember to do this before the food goes bad. As a general rule, if you haven’t finished it four days after making it, you should freeze it. It’ll probably be bad after a week passes, so get it taken care of well before that. Four days still gives you plenty of time to enjoy the leftovers.
5. Learn how to cook for two. Our four. Or however big your family is. Figure out how much they generally eat, how much you want to have leftover, and make that much. Then you won’t have mysterious containers of food rotting in your fridge all the time. Allrecipes.com allows you to scale your recipe for smaller or bigger quantities. I usually cook four servings, because Neil will eat 1.5 servings at dinner, I’ll eat one, and that leaves him 1.5 more for lunch. Sometimes the lunch gets the shaft but then you can make up for it with sides and snacks.
6. Neil has a trick to make his pop last. I usually buy one 2-liter a week for $1. So he gets his beloved pop and we spend less than $5 a month on it. But to keep it from going flat, he treats it with special care. He screws the cap on as tightly as possible. I can’t get it off, but that’s how he keeps me from drinking his pop. Kidding again. But it keeps it carbonated. And he feels good when he has to open something because I’m not strong enough. Also, he tries not to jostle the bottle (and commands me to do the same). And he says to pour it like a beer, down the side of a glass held at an angle. So that’s how to not get flat pop that you’ll want to waste.
7. If you have something you can’t use or don’t want, try to find someone who can use it. While we’re on corny axioms, I’ll point out that one man’s junk is another man’s treasure. When it comes to food, you can usually find someone to feed your unwanted leftovers to, as long as they aren’t actually spoiled. This is why I’m always force-feeding people bakery; I like making it but don’t want to it, so I must find others who will waste not, want not for me.
8. Don’t waste energy either. Now that I’m writing Ted’s newsletter I can’t help but mention a few ways to save: Turn off the lights when you’re not using them. Put your computer in sleep mode. Use natural light from windows. Using caulk and weather strips to seal the heat in your home. These may be obvious but many of us find it more convenient to waste than to convserve. But you end up paying for it in your utility bills.
9. Reject the “throw-away” mentality prevalent in our culture. Water bottles, grocery bags, Ziploc bags, Gladware, and many other “disposable” products can (and should) be used more than once. Just rinse out your water bottles, wipe out sandwich crumbs, and wash your Aldi’s brand gladware and set them to dry. You won’t die.
Also, if you need more plastic containers, don’t buy them. Instead, save containers from sour cream, cottage cheese, and other products you’re already buying. Then wash it out thoroughly and you’ve get “free” Tupperware. Now that’s something worth throwing a party about.
1. Live in a basement. Neil and I are going to take our cheapness to the next level this Saturday by moving into the Michaleks’ basement. We’re not doing it exclusively for financial reasons, but it will be nice to save some money on rent, which is infamously equivalent to “putting money down the drain.” But as we saw, buying a house isn’t necessarily as great of an investment as you might have thought, either. So what’s a young couple to do? Rent a room.
Our apartment rent has increased by $124 since we moved in three years ago. What a rip-off! To be fair, $50 of that was due to our month-to-month lease. But even that option increase $20 since last year. Meanwhile, the quality of our living space is getting worse with wear and tear. We love our apartment, it’s location, and the freedom it offers, but I think living with the Michaleks will be sweet!
Of course, this option probably isn’t viable for those with children or parents living with them. But perhaps the empty-nesters should give it some thought. And this is only option for those with friends kind and brave enough to let you live with them. The Michaleks are gracious beyond reason—they’re clearing out both of their downstairs rooms for us! And they’re courageous to invite us in while they figure out their new life as a family of three. But this leads me to the next suggestion about how to be cheap.
2. Have someone live in your basement (or rent a room). It’s a great way to offset some of the cost of your mortgage while serving someone else and having sweet fellowship right in your home. The Hughes have had three different people stay in their basement. Now they’re quite grateful for Mark’s seemingly quirky suggestion to move in with them. And they’re not the only ones who have tried “communal” living after marriage. We’ll be the second couple to stay with the Michaleks, and the Avdeevs also rented their spare basement bedroom.
So think about it. Is there someone who could use a cheap place to stay, and maybe a better living situation as well? Could you use a couple hundred bucks to go toward your mortgage payment? (Of course you could!) Does your house floor plan allow privacy in at least one extra room, or is there a way you could put up a wall or finish a room to make this possible? Recruit someone who wants to move in and have them help you make the necessary improvements.
3. Pay for everything with a credit card. No doubt that sounds like the worst financial advice you’ve ever heard. But you have to follow these conditions:
2. Always pay off the balance each month. This means you’ll never pay interest, but also that you should never buy something you don’t have the money to pay for right away.
3. Pay for as many of your expenses as possible with that one card. You want to rack up the points if you’re going to spend that money anyway.
4. Actually redeem the points. Let them pay for your vacation, new ipod, or Calphalon pots and pans.
This is how “cheapies” like us are flying to Hawaii in two weeks (sorry Joe, I had to mention it). We got a free plane ticket, and I carefully watched the flight prices for months until we could score a great deal on the second ticket. We also have a free place to stay which will save a ton. So I guess having friends in warm places is also key to being cheap.
I must repeat: do not pay interest on your credit card! That is the opposite of being cheap. If you are paying interest, you’re effectively paying for people like us to go to Hawaii. Now doesn’t that suck?
1. Perhaps this goes without saying, but I’ll say it anyway: Never buy a brand-new car. This is one of the worst investments you could make, comparable to buying stock snap bracelets. Instead buy a fairly new car, two or three years old. There are people crazy enough to get a new car every couple years, so find them or their dealer and buy their “old” car. They’ve already taken the huge financial hit of losing thousands of dollars by driving the car out of the dealership. In the first second that you own a new car you lose a ton of money. But if you can find a fairly new car, much of that loss has already been suffered. And you didn’t have to suffer it.
If you go this route you can hopefully avoid a car payment by saving up for this purchase. You’ll need some serious dough, but shop around and make sure you take someone who knows about cars with you to look at it. Luckily Neil fits this description. If you can’t avoid the car payment, go for the shorter loan and pay it off faster than you have to.
You want to have one reliable car if possible. Reliable car is an oxymoron because any car can break anytime—even a brand-new one. But of course the risk increases with age, so get something fairly new. When Neil’s station wagon died we only had one car for a month while he shopped around for an inexpensive vehicle. But at least we had my trusty Focus to get around in. I would drop him off at work in the morning and then use the car during the day. You don’t want two beaters because they could both go at the same time and then you’re screwed.
2. For a married couple, your second car should be an inexpensive one, which probably means older. It might be a beater, but remember, you have your more reliable car in case this one breaks. This strategy works much better if you know how to fix cars, or know someone who knows how to fix cars. Mechanical labor isn’t cheap and you can save a ton by doing the work yourself. Remember, this is Neil’s strategy and it works because he can fix a lot of common car problems.
You don’t want one car payment, but you really don’t want two. And you probably don’t need two. So drop your pride and get an old ride. Neil insists on driving the junkie car because he drives less than me and he’d rather be the one to break down. I appreciate this, and I also appreciate that he doesn’t take his identity from driving some hot-rod. Some of the high school kids even seem to look up to him for driving modest wheels, because it demonstrates his simple lifestyle and non-worldly values.
3. Get regular oil changes. I always have my eyes open for sales or coupons on oil changes. Then when I need one I know where to go. Although Wal-mart is cheap, I don’t recommend going there because their auto department is awful (at least the one near us). Sometimes they won’t even acknowledge you for twenty minutes, and you still might have an hour and a half wait ahead of you. Speedy Monro and Firestone often have good specials or coupons. Make an appointment, wherever you go. The ten-minute places are fast, of course, but you pay almost double for the convenience. It’s not worth it to me—it wasn’t even when I was working 60+ hours a week. There’s always something you can read or study for an hour, so slow down for once and save yourself $20.
I hear doing an oil change yourself costs about $15. With a coupon you should get out for around $20. So if you want to save $5 and freeze your husband, go ahead. But during Ohio winters saving $5 every couple of months doesn’t seem worth it.
4. Drive it till it dies or becomes too much of a money pit due to repairs. At some point your good car will probably become your junk car. I hope the Focus has several years before it makes this transition. I’m also hoping the Shadow makes it at least a year. But for the price we paid, we already got our money’s worth in the six months we owned it.
Neil was told me about someone at work whose “car died.” He went out and bought a new one that day. But his car didn’t die at all. One of the accessories just broke. I used to think if your car was broken, you couldn’t drive it. Of course it depends on the problem, but it generally isn’t all-or-nothing as I once thought. Neil has kept cars going long past their prime, including the infamous swamped station wagon, which my parents gave him for free instead of junking it. Once he replaced the carpet and fixed some of the electrical problems, he actually considered it a nice car for some time. It was by far the newest car he’d ever owned.
Ken Rockwell has a different strategy to car-buying. He advises you buy something nice (used) that will hold its value, like a Mercedes. They don’t depreciate much so you can sell it years later for close to the price you paid. Then you basically drove it for free, excluding repairs and gas. But you need some capital to get this plan off the ground, because if you’re paying interest on a loan it certainly isn’t free. Ken’s clever saying, “I can’t afford to drive a Ford,” sounds nice, but Neil’s plan is more realistic for most of us.
At present, Millennials hold the spot as the largest generation on our planet. Furthermore, it is projected that this powerful demographic will have the greatest spending power of any generation by the year 2018. That means these youngsters will soon be taking over not only the business world, but also the housing market. Many of these soon-to-buy renters and property owners are currently wrapping up their college education, which means the student population is a highly lucrative marketing opportunity, particularly in terms of the property management industry.
First, it’s important to point out that Millennials view the world around them quite differently than their older counterparts, which makes marketing to them a unique challenge. For instance, they tend to spend less time working at one organization, which means they may be more likely to relocate geographically. They also value things like work-life balance, which means they like to cook at home, spend time with family and friends, and share their lives with animals. All of these things can be leveraged to make your property management firm stand out, whether it’s as a service or to help attract suitable rental candidates.
The Property Manager′s Guide to Extraordinary Marketing has all the inspiration and resources you need to get the right message heard by the right people.
To drill down even further, Millennials that are still in school may be looking for specific amenities when assessing potential housing, either for themselves or as an investment property. Your property management company can leverage this knowledge by incorporating some or all of the following:
Adapting and enhancing your property management services to incorporate these things and marketing in a way that tends to reach the student population (i.e. via mobile and social) can really help your organization and/or rental properties stand out amongst the competition. Furthermore, having the right property management software in place can also solidify your position within the industry. For instance, the ability to offer online portals for payments, maintenance requests and account access can really set your company apart and attract this younger, tech-savvy and highly-intelligent crowd.
For more tips and tricks on marketing to Millennials, check out this previous blog post and start applying some of the principles to your own marketing strategy. By doing so, you’ll ensure that your property management company will continue to remain a step ahead of the curve.
Get your free copy of The Property Manager′s Guide to Extraordinary Marketing. It has all the inspiration and resources you need to get the right message heard by the right people.
Using an outdated browser makes your computer unsafe. For a safer, faster, more enjoyable user experience, please update your browser today or try a newer browser.
posted @ Sunday, October 20, 2013 6:48 PM | Feedback (2) | Filed Under [ Links Code, Snippets & Scripts Tips IT ]
posted @ Thursday, October 10, 2013 5:50 PM | Feedback (0) | Filed Under [ Links Code, Snippets & Scripts Tips Security IT ]
The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.
Rectal bleeding is one of the most petrifying symptoms to have, capable of causing unannounced visit to the doctors. Although it’s possible to endure other symptoms like rectal pain, burning and swelling, itching uncontrollably. As far as rectal bleeding is concerned, you would need to get your doctor to check it out before it’s even more serious.
These are the kind of symptoms to look out for when you think you might have developed hemorrhoids and the most effective hemorrhoid treatment to administer… Hemorrhoids can be also known as piles. Piles can be caused by enlargement of veins in the rectum. Anybody can be infected with these swellings or lumps that develops within the walls of the anus, openings and rectal areas. It could be very wide spread with over 75% of entire population suffering from it.
Hello Stranger. How are you today? Great i hope! Was it your quest to know the causes and treatment of blood in stool from rectal bleeding that brought you to my doorstep today? If it is then I’ve got just the thing for you- Things that cause your rectum to bleed and how you can stop it with H-Miracle or Venapro.
There are many different homeopathic remedies for constipation that we can administer to our situation. But unfortunately, not all remedies will work to relieve our constipation though.
Welcome! I guess you’re searching for the best home remedies for thrush or commonly referred to as Bacterial Vaginosis ? Do not be alarmed it is a common occurrence for most women today.
Majority of women encounter vagina odor at some point in their lives. Have you ever thought about what the root cause of this unpleasant odor is that makes you feel embarrased and worried all day long where ever you may go? We all love sweet smelling fragrances, but an odor? or even vagina odor? Nah! It can only but be repulsive to other people closest to you like your husband, boy friends, lovers e.t.c.
Are you looking for How to lose baby fat fast? Welcome. I’m Chisa and I’m going to show you an amazing secret that would help you shed those baby fat within days. Nowadays, we don’t need to spend loads on fitness equipments, expensive monthly gym subscriptions to loose our baby fat fast. This amazing guide will show you how to shed baby fat in record time, within the comfort of your home and most importantly, you would need to check it out to appreciate it’s effectiveness and the best part of it is that you don’t need to buy anything. So put your credit card away for now, feel out the form and get your free trial offer at no obligation. According to newly delivered mums that are struggling to shed their weights, this is the most effective guide and supplement for mothers to loose weight easily without depriving their bodies from all the right nutrition needed for them to recuperate quickly after child birth.
Welcome to my blog. Are you looking for the best Thrombosed Hemorrhoid Treatment For your painful Hemorrhoid? Look no further you’ve arrived at the right place where i’ll be showing you how to permanently get rid of it within days using the best ointment called Neo Healar.
Hemorrhoid cream is a pharmaceutical, which are administered so as to reduce extrusions of profuse tissues of hemorrhoids. Piles or Hemorrhoids is stimulated as a result of constipation with in-activeness. The gut is most times pressured in most scenarios, which imparts to these cases. Remedies could be within or outwards or any relying on the degree of the issue. Upon both happening they would be described as mixed Hemorrhoid.
If you’re serious about getting a permanent cure for your hemorrhoids then you probably would like to take the following step below. With Venapro, the risk of your hemorrhoids reoccurring after use is minimal or non existent. You’ll begin to notice instant result the moment you start using it for your hemorrhoids.
I was discussing with my work colleague over launch when the topic of External Hemorrhoids came into focus. I’v known my very good friend Amanda now for over 17 solid years, as we finished high school together. We’ve been on similar career paths now for ages. I qualified to be a Registered Nurse (RN) while she went along the path of being a midwife. Although there is not much differences in our career path, we still enjoy the old gossip of our daily routine at work.
There are thousands of hemorrhoid treatment options for hemorrhoids in the market today. But adequate care and judgement must be exercised to avoid administering the wrong treatment for your hemorrhoids and vice versa. As doing this can prove counter productive and you could end up with a treatment that would not work for your situation thereby wasting your valuable money.
Malegenix Male Enhancement Pill –”The revolutionary breakthrough formula that makes up MaleGenix is supported by over 60 pages of scientific findings, clinical tests, and double-blind studies to support the penis enlargement results.”
MaleGenix Ebay– “You can guarantee that you are getting a product that works from buying from MaleGenix’s official website only, and NOT from retailers you find on eBay or other 3rd party websites.”
MaleGenix Reviews– “I’ve tried pretty much every male enhancement pill you can think of, and from my experience many of them just don’t work. The ones that do come along with side effects that are so bad they’re just not worth it. I was skeptical when I first started taking MaleGenix but the results speak for themselves. This is easily the best pill I’ve ever taken, and the only pill I’ve ever need from here on out.”
MaleGenix Does It Work– “This revolutionary pill allows the potent ingredients found within MaleGenix to best synergize with the user’s body, allowing for the best results possible. This comprehensive formula provides a man with all the ingredients he needs to perform at his sexual peak greatly enhancing his sex life.”
Does Malegenix Work?–”MaleGenix is the best male enhancement pill currently on the market, thanks to its ability to provide its users with everything they need to enhance their sex life. Whether it be more energy, a greater libido, erection quality, or penis size, MaleGenix has you covered”
Reallusion iClone 3DXchange 6.51.1927.1 Full Crack is a powerful expansion pack for iCloud which makes a big difference in the animations made by iCloud.
Animation pipeline and streamlined conversion to import and export all types of 3D assets including static .. 3DXchange 7 is only compatible with iClone 7, .
Reallusion iClone Pro 6.51.3127.1 Full+Crack iClone Pro 6.5 full crack is finally here, and this time it comes with a huge breakthrough that will satisfy the iClone .
Smart Scan Chart Analysis confirms that a strong downtrend is in place and that the market remains negative longer term. Strong Downtrend with money management stops. A triangle indicates the presence of a very strong trend that is being driven by strong forces and insiders.
The Trade Triangles are generated using a proprietary algorithm that is comprised of weighted factors that include, but are not limited to - price change, percentage change, moving averages, and new highs/lows. The MarketClub trading strategy is based on the triangles, learn more here.
Futures and Options trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risk. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in the futures and options markets. Don't trade with money you can't afford to lose. This is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy/Sell futures or options. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this web site. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.
All trades, patterns, charts, systems, etc., discussed in this advertisement and the product materials are for illustrative purposes only and not to be construed as specific advisory recommendations. All ideas and material presented are entirely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the publisher or INO.com. No system or methodology has ever been developed that can guarantee profits or ensure freedom from losses. No representation or implication is being made that using the MarketClub™ methodology or system will generate profits or ensure freedom from losses. The testimonials and examples used herein are exceptional results, which do not apply to the average member, and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Each individual's success depends on his or her background, dedication, desire, and motivation.
Smart Scan Chart Analysis confirms that a short term counter trend move is underway. When this action is over look for the longer term positive trend to resume. Uptrend with money management stops.
Based on a pre-defined weighted trend formula for chart analysis, RYSBX scored +85 on a scale from -100 (strong downtrend) to +100 (strong uptrend).
Website: http://ipkitten.blogspot.com/2018/04/china-to-adopt-punitive-damages-for-ip.html%C2%A0 Address: John Eccles House, Robert Robinson Avenue Oxford, OX4 4GP U.K Dr. Roya Ghafele has been the Director of OxFirst, an award winning IP law and ec...
A beautiful collection of Inspirational quotes about love and relationships. Read these quotes and sayings by famous people on love and relationships. Quotes and sayings of different people have a good effect on the relationship and on partners feeli...
Why communication is so vital in a relationship? This article explains the importance of communication in a relationship and how to communicate effectively. As communication is key to every relationship. Without communication relations are dead. None...
Do you have a Crush? Have their contact number too? But not sure how to initiate? Check out these cool tips on How to Start a Conversation With Your Crush on WhatsApp. Usually, it's challenging to initiate the conversation to whom you like but unawar...
Poor communication hinders relationships between the best of couples. Read this guide: How to fix communication in a relationship and achieve relationship goals. This will explain thoroughly about effective communication, communication styles and hea...
“If an ideology is peaceful, we will see its extremists and literalists as the most peaceful people on earth, that's called common sense.”
"To claim that someone is not motivated by what they say is motivating them, means you know what motivates them better than they do."
I'm not convinced that faith can move mountains, but I've seen what it can do to skyscrapers." --William Gascoyne
Light romance fiction from the author of prize-winning novel Bás Tobann. Love and mystery. Secret lives. In the Irish conversation class for adults, much is left unsaid.
Caoimhe is getting friendly with her teacher, Neasán. But Neasán’s attention has turned, it seems, to Aisling. In the course of one evening, hard lessons have to be learned about hope, heartbreak and the fickle power of words.
Use the form above to find your loved one. You can search using the name of your loved one, or any family name for current or past services entrusted to our firm.
To better prepare yourself, we have provided you with some helpful information regarding the immediate need process.
Condolence: My most heartfelt condolences to the entire Joyce/Roberts Family. Growing up in Bears Head, NJ only a couple of doors down, I feel like I've known Miss Bernice my entire life. Losing a loved one, especially a mom, is very painful but I know through experience and faith that the pain will reside knowing that she is at peace and there is no more pain.
Proudly Serving the Communities of Egg Harbor Township, Township of Hamilton, Atlantic County, Cape May County, Cumberland County
The IHMC CmapServer has information related to: IHMC, CmapTools, Concept Map, cmap, Concept Mapping, Knowledge Representation, knowledge model, knowledge elicitation, education, CmapServer. IHMC CmapTools (http://cmap.ihmc.us/) program empowers users to construct, navigate, share and criticize knowledge models represented as concept maps. IHMC CmapTools facilitates the manipulation of Concept Maps. It allows users to construct their Cmaps in their personal computer, share them on servers (CmapServers) anywhere on the Internet, link their Cmaps to other Cmaps on servers, automatically create web pages of their concept maps on servers, edit their maps synchronously (at the same time) with other users on the Internet, and search the web for information relevant to a concept map. Software Toolkit is composed of CmapTools Program and CmapServer
            [designation] => Murtaza Ali Shah, based in London, is Chief Correspondent of Geo News and Associate Resident Editor of Jang Group of Newspapers in the UK. He reports on all issues related to Pakistan, Britain, British Pakistanis, Muslim and European affairs
            [designation] => M. Waqar Bhatti, is an investigative reporter, currently covering health, science, environment and water issues for The News International.
            [page_url] => The writer is a retired air-vice marshal, former ambassador and a security and political analyst
            [designation] => Zia Ur Rehman, based in Karachi, is Senior Reporter of The News International. He mainly covers political parties, security, religion and human rights.
            [designation] => Najam Soharwardi, primarily a feature writer, is a Karachi-based journalist who reports on urban issues, political landscape, education, arts and culture. He also works with the Karachi desk of The News International as a sub-editor.
            [designation] => The writer is the inaugural dean of the Pardee School of Global Studies at Boston University, former Vice Chancellor of LUMS, and lead author of the Pakistan National Human Development Report on Youth.
            [designation] => The writer is the former chairman of the HEC, and president of the Network of Academies of Science of OIC Countries (NASIC).
            [designation] => The writer is a retired brigadier, and a PhD scholar in Peace and Conflict Studies at the National University of Science and Technology, Islamabad.
            [designation] => The writer is a lawyer at the ‘Conflict Law Centre’ based at the Research Society of International Law.
            [designation] => Roohan Ahmed is a Karachi based journalist who covers politics, militancy & minorities. He has also worked for Geo News.
            [designation] => The writer is assistant professor at the Pakistan Institute of Development Economics (PIDE), Islamabad.
            [designation] => The writer is an assistant professor at Punjab University, Lahore and member of the People’s Solidarity Forum.
            [designation] => The writer is the director of research at the Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP)
            [designation] => The writer holds a PhD from Massey University, New Zealand and was a Humboldt fellow at the German Development Institute at Bonn. He teaches at the University of Malakand.
            [designation] => The writer holds a PhD from the University of Birmingham, UK and works in Islamabad.
            [designation] => The writer is pursuing an MPhil in development studies at the Lahore School of Economics.
            [designation] => The writer is a development professional specialising in budget analysis and advocacy
            [designation] => Fifi Haroon is a journalist based in London and works with the BBC World Service as a broadcaster.
            [designation] => The writer is a former foreign secretary who has also been ambassador to China, India and Denmark
            [designation] => Elenoire Laudieri Di Biase, sinologist from the university of Ca' Foscari and Melbourne University, Australia, is an expert on international diplomacy and psychoanalysis. Senior analyst on China at the Nato Defense College Foundation
            [designation] => The writer is a senior analyst at the SRajaratnam School of International Studies in Singapore.
            [designation] => The writer is a former Pakistani diplomat and currently chairman of an NGO.
            [designation] => The writer is a structural and earthquake engineer, a PhD researcher and the founder and CEO of Women Engineers Pakistan.
            [designation] => The writer is the assistant director-general and regional representative at the Food and Agriculture Organization of the UN.
            [author_name] => Lt Gen Naeem Khalid Lodhi (retd) Interim Federal Minister & Ex-defence Secretary
WC67K CNC Hydraulic press brake. Character. 1. steel welded structure, vibrating treatment to remove the inter stress, with high strength and good rigidity
CNC hydraulic bending machine with deflection ... WC67K Series Hydraulic CNC plate bending machine by computer aided design for bending sheet metal with ...
The model of this light-duty small cnc bending machine is ZDPK-4015 ( WC67K-40/1500 ),E200P controls X,Y axes to achieve high production efficiency and parts of ...
4 Axis Rotary Wood CNC Machining Center with 3D Program Software,complete details about 4 Axis Rotary Wood CNC Machining Center with 3D Program Software provided by ...
Please don't hesitate to contact us because we are a professional crystal factory who can supply you both high quality products with low price and good service.
Please fill inPurchaseThe number of products and product descriptions to facilitate our unity stocking.
A title is required to sell a vehicle in Colorado. You, as the seller, and any other party listed on the title as owner, must sign and print their names on the back of the title to verify the odometer reading if applicable on the “signature of seller” portion of the title. Some states use titles which require notarization of the seller's signature. If you are unsure about the need for notarization, please call the Clerk and Recorder's office at (303) 582-5321. The signature of the seller must match the name of the owner exactly as it is printed on the title. If a selling party's name has been signed off by a Secured Power of Attorney, that document is also required.
Example: if the title reads ADAMS, GEORGE then the signature must be made on the title in the normal written order. The first name written first, then the last name: George Adams.
After the seller's signature has been notarized (if necessary), have the buyer enter their name on the “convey to” portion of the title exactly how they want their name to appear on the title. If the names of the buyer's and seller's do not match their identifications, a DR2421 (A Statement of One In The Same) will need to be filled out and turned in. The buyer then must present the title to the Clerk and Recorder's office in order to complete the transfer.
In addition to the properly signed and notarized title, you, as the seller, should give the buyer a bill of sale which contains the perjury clause. Bill of sale forms are available at the Clerk and Recorder's office.
Lastly, the seller of the vehicle should always keep their license plates. The plates are NOT to stay with the vehicle. It is the responsibility of the new owner to come into the Clerk and Recorder's office and obtain either license plates or a temporary registration.
Comedy clubs aren’t usually thought of as venues for serious debate about controversial topics like climate change.
And yet in a rare debate opportunity, Harvard-Smithsonian Center astrophysicist Dr. Willie Soon took full advantage of the short time he had available to him. He critiqued “consensus” science, the ocean acidification narrative, the poverty-inducing reliance on wind and solar energies, and climate change alarmism in general.
Dr. Jon Christensen, his opponent, an adjunct assistant professor in the Institute of the Environment and Sustainability, emphasized the “consensus” and the “existential threat” of climate change, extolled the expansion of renewable energy sources like wind and solar in California, and insisted that politicians in the Golden State are focused on not burdening poor people with their “green” policies.
A summary highlighting some of the more interesting exchanges and their corresponding timelines follows.
2:25 Dr. Willie Soon “They try to demonize carbon dioxide as if this is something that’s going to kill everybody. Which is really not true. … CO2 has a lot of potential benefit[s]. There are some potential negatives. If it’s [CO2] going to cause sea levels to rise, we’re going to have 4 inches or 8 inches or 12 inches…per century.”
3:30 Dr. Jon Christensen “The way I like to think about all this is…sunny with a chance of apocalypse. … (3:59) There is an existential threat out there. (5:40) Everybody…who is under 40 is going to experience the effects of climate change, global warming, increase in sea level rise, flooding…in their lifetime.”
1. During 1958 to 2014, global sea levels rose at a rate of 1.3 mm per year to 1.5 mm per year, which is a rate of just over 3 inches per century; the Greenland and Antarctica ice sheets have combined to add just 0.59 of an inch of melt water to sea level rise since 1958 (Frederiske et al.,2018). There has been “a recent lack of any detectable acceleration in the rate of sea level rise” (Parker and Ollier, 2017).
2. Since the 1980s, coastal land area across the globe has been expanding, meaning that more land are is above sea level today (2015) than in 1985 (Donchyts et al., 2016).
“Coastal areas were also analysed, and to the scientists’ surprise, coastlines had gained more land – 33,700 sq km (13,000 sq miles) – than they had been lost to water (20,100 sq km or 7,800 sq miles). ‘We expected that the coast would start to retreat due to sea level rise, but the most surprising thing is that the coasts are growing all over the world,’ said Dr Baart. ‘We were able to create more land than sea level rise was taking (press release).’”
4. Extreme weather events (floods, droughts) have decreased in frequency and intensity (or showed no detectable change) (Zhang et al., 2017, McCabe et al., 2017, Cheng et al., 2016, Hodgkiins et al., 2017, McAneney et al., 2017).
5. In recent decades 92% of Canadian polar bear subpopulations have remained stable or increased, leading scientists to conclude that “it seems unlikely that polar bears (as a species) are at risk from anthropogenic global warming” (York et al., 2016). Local Inuit populations even report that there are “too many polar bears now” (Wong et al., 2017). There has also been a “marked and steady increase“ in penguin populations between 1982 and 2015 (Che-Castaldo et al. 2017).
11:21 Dr. Willie Soon “Can I say something about ocean acidification? It’s a myth. … The ocean has something you can measure. Basically, it’s called ion of the hydrogen. It’s called [the] pH scale. You have 0 to 14. Seven is neutral. Seven to 0 is acidic. Seven to 14 is called basic. The ocean is right about 8.03, 8.04 [non-acidic]. But deep inside the ocean, about 2,000 meters down, it’s actually very acidic. If you wanna talk about ocean acidification – it’s one of the most dangerous myths that there is. A very radical one. It’s not sensible. Who created this myth, actually…?”
12:25 Dr. Willie Soon “No, it’s not even science, excuse me, because… Do you know what the pH of rainwater is? It’s 5.5. (Wikihow.com: “Ordinary rainwater is naturally acidic with a pH between 5.0 and 5.5.”) … [T]hat means you have to outlaw all the [naturally acidic] rain that’s falling down? You want to outlaw all the slightly acidic water that is sitting on the bottom of the ocean?”
13:05 Dr. Jon Christensen “No….It’s not that hard to actually read the science. It can seem a little bit daunting but anybody who can read can work their way through many of these papers and you can see that there’s a wide variety of findings and results and conclusions… There is in science a fair degree of certainty on a lot of things. … What we know is that there’s a wide spectrum of results here and we need to look at the data and the whole big picture of the science and not just write it off one way or the other.”
15:08 Dr. Willie Soon “Jon, my whole point is that ocean acidification is an extreme. It is one of the most extreme things they could come up with because they are not able to find the fingerprint of the carbon dioxide warming of the atmosphere so then they started to come up with this new scheme [ocean acidification]. Next thing…they’re going [to claim] carbon dioxide is killing all of the polar bears. It’s going to melt all the ice sheets. It’s completely not even true.”
“Documenting an effect of OA [ocean acidification] involves showing a change in a species (e.g. population abundance or distribution) as a consequence of anthropogenic changes in marine carbonate chemistry. To date, there have been no unambiguous demonstrations of a population level effect of anthropogenic OA [ocean acidification], as that term is defined by the IPCC. … [I]t is important to acknowledge that there are no studies that directly demonstrate modern day effects of OA [ocean acidification] on marine species.”
“[T]here have been a few claims for already realized impacts of ocean acidification on calcifiers, such as a decline in the number of oysters on the West Coast of North America (Barton et al. 2012) and in Chesapeake Bay (Waldbusser et al. 2011). However, the link between these declines and ocean acidification through anthropogenic CO2 is unclear. Corrosive waters affecting oysters in hatcheries along the Oregon coast were associated with upwelling (Barton et al. 2012), not anthropogenic CO2. The decline in pH affecting oysters in Chesapeake Bay (Waldbusser et al. 2011) was not attributable to anthropogenic CO2 but was likely attributable to excess respiration associated with eutrophication. Therefore, there is, as yet, no robust evidence for realized severe disruptions of marine socioecological links from ocean acidification to anthropogenic CO2, and there are significant uncertainties regarding the level of pH change that would prompt such impacts. [D]espite the strong mechanistic or physiological basis for a role of warming in coral bleaching and coral growth, a robust demonstration of a direct causal link between global warming and global coral bleaching over decadal time scales has not yet been produced.”
“It is worth noting that the errors of these estimates are fairly large with RSD of 65% for that these two time-series do not show significant decreasing trend for pH. Despite of such large errors, estimated from these rates, the seawater pH has decreased by about 0.07–0.08 U over the past 200 years in these regions. … The average calculated seawater pH over the past 159 years was 8.04 [with a] a seawater pH variation range of 7.66–8.40.”
8:27 Dr. Willie Soon “You gotta stick to the facts. Wind and solar – oh boy, so useful. Every time I look at this sad situation of all these landfalling hurricanes (Irma, Harvey)…the only thing I have to say about that is ‘Thank God for fossil fuels’. … Fossil fuels offer the most energy density. There is no viable energy replacement. Wind and solar could never do anything…”
“Biofuels increase, rather than decrease, heat-trapping carbon dioxide … The researchers conclude that rising biofuel use has been associated with a net increase—rather than a net decrease, as many have claimed—in the carbon dioxide emissions that cause global warming.”
17:03 Dr. Jon Christensen “The majority of people in every congressional district in the United States believes that climate change is real, it’s caused by people, it will harm people in the future, and we should do something about it. […] Great vast majorities of people in California [are believers], where we have decided we’re going to do something about it…we’re on that path which I call the California way or the Paris way where we continue to make commitments, continue to raise our commitments, continue to ratchet down…”
17: 49 Bryan Dey “But all the [green] solutions that come from the Left are really going to be punishing poor people the most…”
18:12 Dr. Jon Christensen “Look at the laws in California. Every single law that is being passed about climate change, cap-and-trade, environmental… has explicit language that is to make those benefits go to poor, disadvantaged communities…”
18:34 Dr. Jon Christensen (to audience) “I don’t know who’s saying that [green policies don’t help poor people] but I can show it to you — this is what I do my research on.”
28:20 Question from audience “Do you think it’s appropriate for the government to use force and tax penalties which really affect middle income and lower income people based on climate science that is obviously hotly contested?”
28:50 Dr. Jon Christensen “In California, anyway, … [politicians] make sure that those burdens do not fall on lower income people.”
“The burden of higher cost electricity and benefits of renewable energy subsidies fall unevenly on Californians. Between 2007 and 2014, the highest-income 40 percent of California households received three times more in solar subsidies — valued between $10,000 and $20,000 per household — as the lowest-income 40 percent. California households with over $100,000 in annual income benefited from energy efficiency subsidies at twice the rate of households whose income was under $50,000.”
“We found that, in a year, the richest households each consumed on average the same amount of energy that would be produced by 12.7 tonnes of oil, compared to 3.3 tonnes for the poorest households. But the poorest spent a much greater proportion of their income (10%) on energy than the richest (3%). And the energy used for heating and powering their homes – the part that their climate change levy bill is measured on – represented a much greater proportion of their overall energy use.”
“This means that adding the climate change levy to household energy bills hits the poorest households hardest. Energy bills account for a much greater share of their household income and more of their energy use is charged. In fact, the levy only affects a quarter of the total energy consumption of the richest households, compared to 53% for the poorest households. As a result, the richest homes use nearly four times more total energy than the poorest but only pay 1.8 times more towards energy policy costs.”
25:55 Dr. Jon Christensen “California’s economy has been growing while emissions have been decreasing.”
“Guess which state has the highest poverty rate in the country? Not Mississippi, New Mexico, or West Virginia, but California, where nearly one out of five residents is poor.”
19:13 Dr. Willie Soon “I’m very, very sorry. Science does not work by consensus. … This nonsense about consensus…”
19:50 Dr. Willie Soon “This 97 percent consensus… We have published a peer-reviewed paper (Legates et al., 2013) that shows that it’s only 41 papers out of 12,000. So it’s only 0.3 percent.”
“Cook et al. (2013), after a subjective review of only the abstracts of 11,944 papers on climate change which ‘‘matched the topics ‘global climate change’ or ‘global warming’’’ (p. 1), conclude that 97.1 % of those that expressed an opinion endorsed the hypothesis as defined in their introduction (i.e., the standard definition). However, 66.4 % percent of the abstracts had expressed no position. Thus, 32.6 % of the entire sample, or 97.1 % of the 33.6 % who had expressed an opinion, were said to be in agreement with the standard definition. However, inspection of the authors’ own data file showed that they had themselves categorized only 64 abstracts, just 0.5 % of the sample, as endorsing the standard definition [a majority of the warming since 1950 was human-caused]. Inspection shows only 41 of the 64 papers, or 0.3 % of the sample of 11,944 papers, actually endorsed that definition.”
21:20 Dr. Willie Soon “One of the most powerful effects of carbon dioxide is not on temperature because if you talk about greenhouse gases it’s water vapor that’s more important [than] CO2. […] The only proof we have so far is that it [CO2] is greening the planet. Twenty to fifty percent of the [Earth’s] vegetated area has been greening, only 4% has been showing a little browning. That tell[s] you that the overwhelming effect of this [increase in CO2] is fertilization of the atmosphere. […] We’re [currently] in a CO2 starvation state. Today our air has only 400 parts per million. If you don’t know what that means, it’s 4 cents for every hundred dollars.”
“Global environmental change is rapidly altering the dynamics of terrestrial vegetation, with consequences for the functioning of the Earth system and provision of ecosystem services. Yet how global vegetation is responding to the changing environment is not well established. Here we use three long-term satellite leaf area index (LAI) records and ten global ecosystem models to investigate four key drivers of LAI trends during 1982–2009. We show a persistent and widespread increase of growing season integrated LAI (greening) over 25% to 50% of the global vegetated area, whereas less than 4% of the globe shows decreasing LAI (browning). Factorial simulations with multiple global ecosystem models suggest that CO2 fertilization effects explain 70% of the observed greening trend, followed by nitrogen deposition (9%), climate change (8%) and land cover change (LCC) (4%). CO2 fertilization effects explain most of the greening trends in the tropics, whereas climate change resulted in greening of the high latitudes and the Tibetan Plateau.”
29:30 Dr. Jon Christensen “A lot of what’s happening is figuring out ways to use the market to increase the cost of carbon… (Audience: No! No!) …to take into account the cost that we’re paying in health and environmental effects…which are externalities that have not been factored in. … Those revenues [from increasing the cost of carbon] are used to benefit the whole state of California with particular attention to people who are lower income.”
“Between 2011 and 2017, California’s electricity prices rose five times faster than they did nationally. Today, Californians pay 60 percent more, on average, than the rest of the nation, for residential, commercial and industrial electricity.”
“California’s high penetration of intermittent renewables such as solar and wind are likely a key factor in higher prices.”
“Economists agree that “the dominant policy driver in the electricity sector [in California] has unquestionably been a focus on developing renewable sources of electricity generation.”
“High levels of renewable energy penetration make electricity expensive around the world, not just in California. As Germany deployed high levels of renewables over the last 10 years it saw its electricity prices rise 34 percent. Today, German electricity costs twice as much as that in neighboring France.”
“As wind and solar capacity climbs, the returns of usable power diminish because of increasing curtailment during surges that the grid cannot absorb. More and more intermittent capacity has to be pushed onto the grid to get less and less additional renewable electricity. The dynamic of soaring overcapacity and falling prices is the inevitable result of the fundamental inability of intermittent wind and solar generators to efficiently match supply to demand.”
The CO2 Coalition was established in 2015 as a 501(c)(3) for the purpose of educating thought leaders, policy makers, and the public about the important contribution made by carbon dioxide to our lives and the economy.
The amount of CO2 in the current atmosphere is tiny, about 0.04% by volume-- still perilously close to starvation l… https://t.co/l1OVNmeALm
Join 10/30 4pm in the Russel Senate office with Australian physician D. Weston Allen, as we examine past, present a… https://t.co/670yjEk68v
Rhythm-driven Gameplay Move with the music to overcome even the most difficult hazards, like laser beams or insane camera angles trying to explode both your balls and your brain. Dynamic Music and SFX The dynamic music by Emmy-nominated composer Nicholas Singer is tailored to the rhythm and…
This is a cream cheese with a kick. A mild heat with a distintive smokey flavour. Very addictive, so creamy you just can't stop eating it. Perfect on bagels, spread on raw crackers, smother on veggies, or fresh nachos. KEEP CHILLED BETWEEN 2 AND 5 DEGREES. WILL KEEP FOR UP TO 7 DAYS
We’re going on a destination honeymoon in a month!! (Yes I know it is late, but to me, it still counts!) And the destination we are heading to… Phuket for 7 days!!! I can hardly believe it!
It will be the first overseas trip for both Wiehann and me, and to say that we are over the moon of excitement is an understatement! (You can tell by all of the exclamation marks right?)
The first question that comes to mind is: “Why didn’t you go right after the wedding?” My answer is simple. We only had enough money to pay for the trip in advance and didn’t have enough left for spending money. The wedding totally wiped out our funds. So we both decided to go a bit later.
The other benefit to me for going on honeymoon later is that we are both rested and will enjoy the trip more. Let me explain: after the wedding, we totally felt exhausted!
The week leading up to the wedding was stressful. (And on some of the photos you can see the fever blister on my nose to prove it!) Everything was under control and I didn’t really have a reason to stress, but I think it came with the territory. The few days after the wedding we were both recovering and resting. But now we are totally rested and we will enjoy our honeymoon to its fullest!
So the last few weeks, I’ve been researching everything related to Phuket as a honeymoon destination. We are going in August, which is the rainy season, but according to my research, it is still warm and humid and doesn’t rain all day. So fingers crossed we will have some pleasant weather!
The thing that I research the most is “what to pack for Phuket”. Apparently, you need a lot of mosquito-repellent and obviously a lot of sun-screen (Phuket is close to the equator). I don’t know what it is, but mosquitos just love me. I will be in the middle of a crowd and that darn mosquito will find me and leave everyone else alone, yes I am that person! So I will stock up on Peaceful Sleep and Tabard to be safe.
I know we are only there for 7 days, so hoping that the weather plays along so that we can do all of most of these items on the list.
We used Flight Centre, a travel agency, to book our trip. Like I said, this is our first overseas trip, and we wanted all the help that we can get.
I will be doing a follow-up post about our packing and organizing of our luggage when we have everything together. I already have a list of to-buys and to-dos. So watch this space
Is there any packing tips that you have for our first international flight. Or have you been to Phuket? I would love to know your thoughts.
Hi there!! I am Nadine and I am so happy that you are here. I am a Professional Senior Architectural Technologist, but here on the blog I am just a girl sharing my interest.
I really appreciate it when you share some of my content! But, please keep in mind that all information and images stay the property of coffeewithnadine.com You may use one or two photos provided that you link back to the original blog post. Please do not crop, edit images or remove watermarks without my consent. All free printables offered on the blog are for personal use only.
Guys, I have a confession to make. I bought more books yesterday. I know I don’t actually, physically need them, but I had to buy them anyway. It was important to me. I only bought two, though. I didn’t even look in the Young Adult section, to keep me safe from the temptation of other books. I should have looked in the clearance section, but I didn’t think about it until it was too late. Anyway, I walked out of the store with three books, two for me, one for my little cousins. They were all necessary.
I may have a book problem. I am aware of it, though, so that’s the first step, right? I have a book shelf full of books and I need more space because I still have a box full of books that hasn’t been unpacked because there wasn’t room and I keep buying more books. My book problem isn’t quite as dramatic as book addictions displayed on the internet. I don’t compulsively buy all the books, necessarily, but the ones that I love and the authors I love, I just can’t resist. I hardly ever take a risk on books I am unfamiliar with. The books I purchase are either books that I love deeply, books written by authors that I love deeply or books that have been highly recommended to me.
I am a firm believer in libraries. If I can go to a library, or as is the case now, get a Kindle book through the internet from a library, I will do that instead of buying a book that might disappoint me. It’s just a much safer way to read. If I buy the book and don’t like it, I’ll feel bad about spending money on a book I’m not going to finish reading. But in the library, I can pick whatever book I want and try it out and if I don’t get into it, it’s fine, I’ll take it back anyway and I didn’t lose anything but some time on it. Buying books is so much more intimidating, and intimate. The books you keep around you say something about you. This is why certain childhood books stayed behind when I moved. And by that I mean the one Twilight book I own. It was a gift, don’t judge me.
Anyway, when it comes to buying books, I try to be practical, but I do have some intense weaknesses. Gail Carson Levine is one of them. I’ve talked a lot about her in the past few posts, but let me say again that she is amazing and everyone should read all of her stuff, right now. I purchased Fairest yesterday because it was there and I could get it for $3 and I didn’t own it yet. I have Ever and Ella and The Two Princesses of Barmarre, but no Fairest, and that was just a little sad. I needed to round out my collection. I know there are lots more books, but those are the ones I love the most. So I bought Fairest and I don’t feel bad about it.
The other book that I bought was Shannon Hale’s Goose Girl, which I was shocked to discover that I didn’t own. I felt certain I had picked it up along the way somewhere, but no, it was missing. This is another of the books that I loved whenever it was that I discovered it, so I wanted very much to get a copy of it for myself. I have pieces of a series of hers but I can’t remember what all the pieces are, so I’m going to have to do some research and figure that out so I can get back to searching for them. I’m pretty sure I’m only missing the one piece, but I’m not sure what that piece is. This is important, though, so that I can read the whole series properly.
Diana Wynne Jones is my other big weakness. She just has so much stuff out there and I keep finding more and being like “Ooo, this must be good,” and then I buy it. I still have like two Chrestomanci books to read on my shelf and a couple others of hers, but I’ll admit, I just like having her name up there. It makes me happy to own her work. Donita K. Paul, on the other hand, I have diligently read as she wrote, so her books are a little different. Sure, I had to get caught up, but I did buy her first book when it first came out and then promptly lost it, somehow, only to rediscover it when we moved. So I’ve read two entire series from her and purchased half a third, which I really want to read, but keep getting distracted. I’ve had to make myself stop buying them until I’ve actually read the two that I have.
My kindle has done wonders for my compulsive book buying in someways, and in others, not so much. I did read and buy several books from Gail Carriger on my kindle but then I started seeing them in hard copy and I had to buy them. >.> Even the ones I’d already read. Because there is no better way to show your love for a book than by purchasing it. Books that you love are meant to be held. My husband doesn’t understand the physical emotion one can have towards books. There’s just something about the ability to feel the story in your hands and hold the book close to you as you weep over characters or rejoice with their triumphs. It’s a very different sensation from the kindle. You can’t skim through a kindle to find your favorite parts. Sure, you can search, but it’s not quite the same as running your finger down the pages until some phrase pops out at you. It’s not the same as opening to the exact spot where you know that awesome scene is. I just love the physical experience looking at the edge of a closed book and knowing where every part of the story lives.
I may have a book problem. I’ll probably keep collecting books as long as they’re printing them. When I was in college some of my friends and I did a project looking into the digital take-over of reading. We had a professor who was convinced that print was going to go out of style and become nonexistent. Somewhere in our research, and I don’t remember who said it, but someone told us that as long as there is paper there will be books. And it’s because of people like me who just love them for what they are. Sure, I can read hundreds of books on my kindle and enjoy them just fine, but if I see the ones I love in print, I will buy them. This is why books will never die.
CBC185038, The Charity – Charity / Nonprofit /, Charity is a fully functional WordPress theme for non-profit organizations It was perfectly built f...
Charity is a fully functional WordPress theme for non-profit organizations. It was perfectly built for charity, nonprofit, non-governmental organization (NGO), donation and fundraising campaign with outstanding and amazing features.
You can easily collect donations via PayPal or other payment processing gateways with inbuilt charitable WordPress plugin. Charity is compatible a bundle of premium plug-ins: Revolution Slider, Visual Composer, as well as charitable plugin to collect donations.
If this content posted by you, and you need to mark this as taken or delete, we can send an email to your registered email address with the link for modification.
Round Dining Room Tables And Chairs - The place where everybody in the house assembles for great food and conversation is the dining area. The function of the room is obviously in accordance with
Shabby Chic Round Dining Room Table And Chairs - Dining room tables are the main section of your dining. Your dining space is definitely one of the main units of your property as that's
The entire contents of the Canadian Error Coins website are ©Copyright 1997-2007. Permission is granted to non-profit organizations and to individuals for their personal use, to copy any of the material contained herein, on the condition that such copies are not to be sold or otherwise used for profit, and that Patrick Glassford is shown as the source of such information or material.
The Canadian Error Coins website (est. in 1997 by Patrick Glassford) is a division of the Canadian Numismatic Publishing Institute, established in 1958 by Somer James, publisher of many fine Canadian numismatic publications such as "A GUIDE BOOK OF CANADIAN COINS, CURRENCY & TOKENS" and "CANADIAN SILVER DOLLARS" by Starr Gilmore.
The low-intensity laser therapy is named as Cold laser therapy. It is a kind of laser therapy where healing is done using very low level of stimulation. Like surgical laser, it causes no heating up of the tissues. This therapy … Continue reading →
Copper wares such as this drinking jug were being made when the Safavids came to power. The tinned metal once shone like silver. It would have contrasted strongly with the recessed background, which was filled with a black composition. The inscription around the neck wishes the owner happiness, peace, and ‘a life that lasts so long as the turtle-dove coos’. The text below gives the titles of a Sultan Jalal. The jug once had a handle.
Pot-bellied vessel with cylindrical neck, tinned copper, with engraved decoration in horizontal bands including two Arabic inscriptions
To its owner happiness and peace, and a life that lasts as long as the turtle-dove coos, and lasting glory that shall never be laid low ...
This jug, too, once had a bright silver and black colour scheme. The inscription around the neck wishes the owner happiness, peace, and 'a life that lasts so long as the turtle-dove coos'. The text below gives the titles of a Sultan Jalal. The jug once had a handle.
Please confirm you are using these images within the following terms and conditions, by acknowledging each of the following key points:
In movies and television, college is depicted as a place where you go to class during the day and stay up into the wee hours of the night studying, watching TV, or just hanging out talking with friends.
Contrary to popular belief, those late nights will eventually catch up to you, which is why it is very important for college students to get enough sleep.
College Life Aundrea Rogers, average amount of sleep for college students, college and sleep, college sleep, college sleeping, college students and sleep, how many hours of sleep do you need, how much sleep do i need, sleep deprivation college students, sleep deprivation in college students, sleep in college
Eruptions generally manifest in one particular week after docetaxel infusion and are not disabling. Avoiding sun exposure and retaining the pores and skin hydrated may perhaps assist reduce these signs or symptoms. Non permanent nail discoloration or hyperpigmentation has also been observed, and in a few Excessive scenarios, nails even may tumble off.
Should your company is serious about pursuing Taxotere lasting hair reduction promises, Primary Justice can assist Create your docket by means of our helpful advertising and virtual secretarial providers.
Foremost Justice will generate and position Abilify media in your obtain, monitor the entire Abilify-similar contacts according to your Abilify case criteria (formerly referred to as Abilify Leads), single sign the shopper's assert to your retainer/health-related launch utilizing the most demanding stability field certification benchmarks, And eventually mail the signed Abilify assert towards your ingestion workforce for the ultimate display screen and health-related-report retrieval.
Top Justice will develop and area Xarelto media on your obtain, monitor all Xarelto-similar contacts according to your Xarelto circumstance conditions, and one indication the client's claim to your retainer/healthcare release using the most rigorous safety business certification specifications. Ultimately, We'll ship the signed Xarelto declare to the consumption staff for the ultimate display screen and health care report retrieval.
According to the most current professional medical study, Taxotere-induced long lasting alopecia seems to wreck hair follicles in a similar approach to lasting hair decline from getting older. The stem cells answerable for hair expansion are killed or changed by non-functional cells.
When your business is interested in pursuing Invokana reduce limb amputation claims, Foremost Justice can Create your docket by using our effective advertising and virtual secretarial providers.
Arrector pilli. Very small muscles connected to the hair follicle that allows hair to stand up (brings about "goosebumps").
Investigation shows the two drugs normally reveal comparable levels of efficacy in dealing with breast most cancers and other shared FDA-approved indications, but as we’ll see, Taxotere includes a Substantially much better Affiliation with permanent alopecia.
When your organization is serious about pursuing more info promises connected to Benicar and villous atrophy, Primary Justice can Create your docket through our successful advertising and virtual secretarial get more info products and services.
E mail Terry Turner has become composing get more info posts and creating information broadcasts for in excess of 25 years. He handles FDA coverage, proton pump inhibitors, and healthcare equipment for example hernia mesh, IVC filters, and hip and knee implants.
Legislation firms partnered with Main Justice know These are dealing with an sincere, transparent promotion store that can Develop their Stockert 3T heater-cooler system docket with most effective promoting procedures and bar opinions in your mind.
Regulation corporations partnered with Leading Justice know they are working with an honest, transparent advertising shop that will build their Stockert 3T heater-cooler system docket with best marketing practices and bar opinions in mind.
When your company is serious about pursuing IVC filter injuries claims, Primary Justice can Construct your docket via our productive marketing and Digital secretarial companies.
Some researchers consider the better possibility of permanent alopecia and also other Unintended effects could be relevant to the potency level of Taxotere. Taxotere is approximately 2 times as potent as Taxol, for numerous good reasons:
And I'm telling you now that the new song will be released at Easter, on Easter Sunday to be precise
The biggest challenge of life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else.
I just want to say how great Matt's voice has been sounding. Pushing himself more and more on the albums and some of the videos I'm seeing from the Drones tour - his voice is incredible - especially for how much it goes through in one concert.
Think I’m in the most positive place with Muse I’ve been since I first became a fan back in ‘09 or whatever. Something just clicked sometime over the last year or so, maybe after SBE. I started to find it pointless to get so...negatively invested in anything that wasn’t amazing or exactly what I want, y’know? Like, I stopped seeing an average, hit-filled set as dogshit or lazy Muse who hate their fans and shit and realised, eh, I still like most of these songs a lot, why does it matter how often they’re played or how many times I’ve seen them? Got a lot more understanding for them as people, instead of idols that you put on a pedestal and hold to a standard that’s always slightly above whatever they’re currently doing, whether it’s gig-length, performance, song quality, rarities, etc. Vast majority of it becomes a lot more understandable when you put yourself in their shoes. Any song I’m not into isn’t the end of the world anymore either. Dig Down’s not the best thing since sliced bread but I can just relax and enjoy it for what it is instead of feeling the need to slag it off or call it ultrashit. Though it does help I actually really like all the others released since.
Kind of similar to own stances lately, if anyone remembers my larger post on how I look at art now. If they're having fun with it I can find a way to do the same.
i am trying to approach muse differently as i generally worship matt in ways i never thought i would and i am realizing it is probably not the healthiest way to go through life. i think the internet made me feel more important and influential than i actually am, which distorted my overall attitude towards the band. i realize that in the universe of muse fans and audience members, the band does not know me nor will i ever know them. my wishes and wants and needs don’t matter. i cannot become consumed with what i want. the music was not written for me. the sets will never be for me. a tv appearance is not for me. it’s for something bigger. i have become selfishly obsessive to a point where i have become ashamed with how i have thought i deserve something from multi-millionaire musicians who will never know me in any capacity. i think that i have been thrown back to earth i can approach muse like i did when i was a young girl. it was easier when i felt a sense of detachment and slipped up on last names. it was easier to enjoy everything when i didn’t feel the music as personally as i do. it was easier when matt bellamy was the cool sparkle guitar man and not someone i desperately wished could be my friend. the connectivity of this new frontier is both a blessing and a curse. i have gone too deep and have lost myself in the waves. i need to accept that i will never know matt or ever speak with him. i will analyze each release from a more objective position despite the common argument that music is subjective. subjectivity has left the music far too entrenched within my soul. i need to separate myself. i need to accept that my ego is subordinate and i must respect the egos of the stars.
Set forth your sacrifices for The Deliverer and he will bestow his Deliverance upon you so may we all live without sin.
Why don't you ban me at the boards while you're at it, because I don't want to be a member of this fucking loser's club anymore.
WAY WAY WAY too many damn Juco guys! Beaty the hypocrite is making the same damn mistakes that killed KU football under Weis!
Agree! This is exactly what I was afraid of when Zenger retained DB! Keegan called it too. Anything more than 5 "targeted" position players in any class reserved for JC's is too many. It was a short term fix for Gottfried but killed Val and hurt Mason for a couple of years. For Chuckles, it didn't even help short term...and it won't save Beaty either. It simply prolongs the inevitable and makes things more difficult for the successor.
I have no inside knowledge but I doubt they'll take many more. A few more JCs to fill holes and I bet they pull other offers (unless they truly have no viable hs targets).
There is only ONE creature who has the "inside" knowledge of what makes Beaty's brain turn....the little hamster on the wheel!
Don't put anything past DB! He could use every schollie on a JC and give you the "analytical" reasoning on why it was the correct choice.
oh but remember we are getting the “right” Jucos this time according to the posters on here that still love ❤️ Beaty.
The staff brought damn near everyone to Jason's in-home visit last night. Whole offensive staff along with Perry as the main recruiting guy.
Still a coin flip to get him, but Kansas has been very aggressive the last few months with him and Harris. December 20th could be either a big boost to the program, or a big let down. I'm hoping for the former.
I think that's been the case with a LOT of the recruits that Beaty has had. Get in early and make one of the first few offers, only to have a Texas, TCU, Ole Miss, Florida and others come in and make offers and then the guy ends up going there. They are identifying talent, just have to keep them on board, which is hard to do right now with latest performance on the field.
Charles Cole took his visit last weekend to Kansas and is trying to get in two more before he is expected to sign on Dec. 20.
The Kansas coaches are expected to visit him on Thursday before he leaves for another official trip. The Jayahwks got the first shot at Cole, a defensive lineman from Butler County, last weekend.
Cole has been talking up KU too other recruits. If we could land the former LSU QB maybe we will have an actual spread/air raid (although we need some OL help).
No matter who KU gets I would like to see them ditch the Air Raid. They just don't have the depth. They wear down too quick. I would rather see them take the air out of the ball.
Hop to: KUsports.com Message Board ------ Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Football/The Huddle Rock Chalk Smack Talk Baseball Track & Field Bowling Other KU Sports Hawks on Politics Hall of FameSatellite Coordinates ------ Satellite Coordinates
In order to use this feature of boardsort.com you must become a registered user. Registration is FREE! Please follow the Register link above and fill out the user registration form. Once completed you will be able to access this feature.
Here you can send us a message to report an error, suggest your version of translation to an additional language, or share your ideas on how we can improve BoardViewer.
Please feel free to express yourself openly. It is possible that it will be your idea that will be most helpful.
Unfortunately, we can’t promise that we will respond to your message, but we promise to carefully read and take it into consideration. Thank you!
Please do not expect to get a response to your message even if you provided your email address. But if you do not provide your email address, you will definitely not receive a response.
Actions: 1914, 2nd B.S. 1916, Jutland. 1919, Mediterranean including Black Sea operations. 1924, Reserve. Sale and scrapped 1926.
Bobbycee.com ~ Jeux De Plein Air En Bois. | All Rights of images found in this site reserved by its respective owner.
Greetings, friends and fans! It’s your old pals Dan & Corbett at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits.It’s been a while since we visited you with a blog entry, do you mind if we stay & chat for a bit? There’s so much to tell you about since our last visit! And, um, it’s a little bit cold outside.
Where to begin? 2012 has really started off with a bang. We’ve been unbelievably busy cooking up heaping helpings of rock’n’roll goodness for your hungry ears. In the studio, on stage, and in fitful bursts of REM sleep, our craziest ideas are coming to life for your enjoyment! Just over the horizon, the Land of Ebola teems with life: awesome shows, new releases, new videos, tours, and more!
Lately, we’ve been playing more often as a full five-piece band, which has been super exciting. With the help of drummer Josh Wharton and bassist Sean McTiernan, (both of Mystic Knights of the Cobra), and with Craig “Hot Lixx Hulahan” Billmeier (Love Songs, Conquest For Death, What Happens Next) and Mike Wilson (Hard Feelings, Indulge) trading off on 2nd guitar duties, we’ve had a blast bringing the rock with our longtime pals.
We’ve gotten used to touring as a super-compact acoustic duo, but to bring the full-band ruckus we’ll need to scrape up the funds for a reliable tour vehicle. So we’re asking everyone we know (and even people we don’t!) to contribute what they can to our Kickstarter campaign. If you’ve got a few bucks to spare, and you’d like to see us in your town this year, please consider helping out. You get cool Bobby Joe Ebola stuff for helping! If you’re broke like us, no worries. Just repost this link all over creation! Post it on Facebook, Twitter, the bathroom wall! Write it on the drunk guy’s forehead when he passes out. Thanks! We’ve got until March 13 to make this happen, and we appreciate all your help. Grab this link, consider donating and repost: http://kck.st/AbuaEf
April 4 – OAKLAND, CA @ The New Parish (579 18th Street) w/ Dr. Frank, Franz Nicolay, Sansa & Shiri Show and Sean McArdle! (Ticket Link here: http://www.thenewparish.com/event/94049/ )
The New Parish show will be our tour kickoff, and after that we roar off toward the horizon on a six-state tour, our first as a full band! We’re still firming up the details, but here’s how it stands now:
In addition to all these great upcoming shows, we’ve been hard at work in the studio, and in the next couple of months you will hear the results! Look for a brand new, as-yet-untitled 13 song full-length Bobby Joe Ebola record this Spring, as well as the long-awaited Meal Deal With the Devil EP (which includes a read-along storybook featuring art by Frustrators’ front man Jason Chandler!). PLUS we’ll have split releases, singles…. BUT WAIT, THERE’S MORE!
Since the release of our last album, F, we’ve been making videos for each song on the album. It’s the holy grail for independent bands; many great bands have tried and failed, but we are going to succeed, with a little help from our talented friends. OK, a lot of help. It’s a harrowing, intense artistic endeavor, all on a DIY budget, held together with rubber bands, spit, and grey hairs. Sometime this Spring, we will finish production on the 13th video, and shortly thereafter we will assemble a DVD album: F: The Videos. Packed with comedy sketches, live performance footage, alternate edits and much more, this DVD album promises to be a ride. You and your friends will finally be able to agree on what to watch! Check out some of the music videos on our YouTube & Vimeo channels!
We could go on, but that’s enough for one email, eh? We’ll be back with more news next month, with more tales of adventure from – dare we say it? – your favorite band in the whole dang world. We hope, anyway. You’re our favorite blog reader, did we ever tell you that? Anyhow, take care of yourselves, and each other. We’ll see you real soon!
Brrr! It’s Bay Area cold! Yeah, yeah, laugh it up, all y’all who live in places where you can actually get killed by icicles. You also have fireplaces and heating and mukluks and stuff. We aren’t set up for seasons here, so if it gets chilly we sit here and shiver in our bootie shorts.
And thus begins 2012 – the last year ever, if you believe poorly translated Mayan glyphs - with icy feet. How shall this year end, O little Nuggalos? Perhaps with fire? Revolutions? Toads? Global shifts of polarity, consciousness and underwear? We have no freakin’ idea. If 2011 is any indication, we will expect the unexpected. Already, this cute little duckling of a year is looking pretty darn fun for your unstoppable pals at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits.
But first, a little recap of how 2011 ended: September, October, and November were largely spent on and off the road with our powerful and victorious cartoon buddies Tornado Rider. After more than month with them across the U.S., we developed a pretty hard-core sneth habit. Upon return, we jumped right back into recording a new batch of songs at Dutch Oven Studios, run by our friend and occasional bandmate Craigums!
In the meantime, the Occupy Wall Street movement was gathering steam, and in Oakland (where Dan lives and Corbett’s previous address) things got pretty hectic. We wanted to help, and in December our song “Pac-Man & Pop Tarts” appeared on a free compilation called Occupy International.
Then, in honor of and in solidarity with #OccupyOakland, #OccupyTogether, #OccupyWallStreet and all of the many other occupy groups around the world, our band offered up an unmixed, unmastered and unreleased recent recording we made in August 2011. It went out as a nod to all of the valiant protesters involved in this movement… to all of those organizing on the front lines of this struggle. From our upcoming 2012 cover album, “Theft“, the song was originally written by Woody Guthrie in 1940 as a anti-union busting song. It was then updated wonderfully in 2000 by Billy Bragg.
In the folk tradition, Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits added new and appropriate lyrics about corporate hegemony, billionaires and other modern world ails… the song is called, “All You Fascists“.
Barely had 2012 begun when we lit up the Bay Area with an astonishingly fun January trifecta of Bay Area shows with Tornado Rider and another group of familiar road dogs, Emily’s Army. The evenings were peppered with special appearances by several other local legends including Kevin Seconds of 7 Seconds and Angelo Moore from Fishbone!
And the fun’s just beginning. Later this month we’ll be heading back into the studio to put the finishing touches on some new releases. Get ready for a read-along story songbook, a new LP of original material, a 10″ split with Duluth, MN’s Hard Feelings and the cover song LP. We’ll also be filming 2 music videos this week which will eventually appear on the F: The Videos DVD album. Four other music videos already in production are nearing completion!
Yep! We’re hopping the Pond for a single show in London, the UnNamed Festival. Organized by Tony Anastasi of the Green Day fansite, www.greendayauthority.com, this free event will take place Saturday, Jan. 21, and Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits (as well as several other Bay Area luminaries). This will be our first show outside of North America, and hopefully the first of many! Dude! We’re going to England!
We also have tons more shows locally and semi-locally! Go here to see more info on all of them: http://bobbyjoeebola.com/?page_id=13
As exciting as this all is, there’s even more. On March 1, we’ll be playing at The Independent in San Francisco with Spittin’ Cobras, Flexx Bronco and The Butlers. This is a new milestone for us, and we can’t wait to take the stage at this all-around awesome show. Buy your tickets now at this link: http://www.theindependentsf.com/event/83057/
And in April, we’re confirmed to The Gathering of the Goofpunx in Portland, OR (April 5-8), as well as Way Out West Fest in Tucson, AZ (April 14). If you live in the Northwest or Southwest, keep an eye out for shows other shows we may announce, since we’ll already be on the road anyway.
One last Nuggit of news, friends & fans, and a little public service message. If you’ve ever felt empty inside, we have the answer. His name is Jesus! That’s right, we at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits want you to let the Baby Jesus in. In where, we hear you ask?
This all may seem strange and sudden until you realize that we are now the official band of the glow-in-the-dark Baby Jesus Buttplug! Made by the Oakland-based artisans at Divine Interventions, this little buddy is 100% silicone, 100% fun, and is easy to find in the dark. We’ll have them available at most shows. Washes easily with soap & water… just like your sins! Available for a discounted price at our shows!
Here at Bobby Joe Ebola and the Children MacNuggits, things are changing day by day. We hope you’ll continue to check in with us regularly and let your friends know, as our amazing adventure continues!
Friday, January 6th, Saturday January 7th and Sunday, January 8th in Berkeley, San Francisco and San Jose respectively, these wildly fun bands are joining forces to bring the noise and then some!
Each show features a different lineup with special surprise guests and friends such as Kevin Seconds (7 Seconds, Go National!), The Smell, Monstrauss and The Caps!
And to top it off, Bobby Joe Ebola will be joined by Sean & Josh of Mystic Knights of the Cobra to bring you THREE RARE MACNUGGIT FULL BAND PERFORMANCES!
Saturday, Jan. 7th – San Francisco, CA @ Rickshaw Stop w/ Tornado Rider, Emily’s Army and Bobby Joe Ebola ($12, All Ages, 9PM) – 155 Fell Street, San Francisco, CA 94102 – On Fell Street between Franklin & Van Ness
About a month ago, I ordered an Xbox 360. My reasoning for not having one has revolved around the fact that I have plenty to keep me busy (in a good way) with PC games. But then came the announcement that pushed me to purchase: Netflix would soon be available via the Xbox 360. The
I have spent much of my life building tools to "put the means of production in the hands of the people," not as Karl Marx imagined by nationalizing them, but by making them affordable, even free. This included professionalizing Super8 Sound as the lowest cost film medium in the 1970's, MacPublisher as the first Desktop Publishing tool in the '80's, Desktop Video production in the '90's, skyBuilders web publishing which helped create the First Podcast in 2003, and now pioneering the iTV Studio.
I founded collaborative communities like CM Pros and DITA Users. I have written for Videomaker, NewMedia, and EContent magazines and edit several websites listed below. I now focus on philosophy and cosmology seen from the perspective of information creation and communication. I call this information philosophy.
The continued dramatic growth in content management systems (CMSs) and technologies - there are hundreds of CMSs, including dozens of open source tools - has defied the usual rules of business software markets. The number of new product launches by old and new companies somehow still manages to keep ahead of the ongoing consolidation. This is very healthy. However, even a full-time market analyst paid to be a content management expert is not going to be able to keep up with all the products and features, especially since managing content involves technologies that go well beyond a CMS (See last month’s report on integration, infrastructure, and content services technology.) IT strategists and project managers who have other responsibilities don’t stand a chance of keeping up-to-date.
Fortunately, there is an industry effort gathering steam to provide an open and free list of CMS products and features. This public domain classification will be based on an XML schema (CMSML) so that anyone can use the information. Although the project is in its early stages, there is already one public domain tool for mining this CMS data, which we will make available at gilbane. com in early June. This is a huge and complex task and promises to be ongoing. Even given a predictable perpetual state of flux, this project should make information collection about CMSs and their features a lot easier for everyone. This month Bob Doyle, editor of the CMSML project, describes the project and how to participate, and shares the draft feature list.
This entry was posted on Thursday, March 13th, 2003 at 3:50 pm	and is filed under CMS, CMSML, EContent. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
On board the Oceanis 45, balance reigns supreme: everything is in place on this beautiful yacht that offers varied programs of life on board during your Turkey yacht charter. Oceanis 45 has a host of intelligent details; a card table that also serves as a dinning table, a broad chine that improves comfort and a rear cockpit that opens for easy access to the sea.
* Return Dalaman Airport transfers, transit log, last cleaning, bed linen and towels, tender with outboard, mobile phone with free unlimited use to the base or other fleet yachts, water, 2 gas tubes for cooking, autopilot, GPS and other standard equipment as per inventory are included in the prices.
Dating Agency in London Enquire. North London West London East London South London Our matchmaking list is currently expanding very quickly, agency record numbers of joiners in each of the last london years. We look forward to speaking to you soon.
Your subscription has been confirmed. You'll hear london us soon. We'll email you a link to get your agency your copy! This site uses cookies: Start your journey Enquire. All enquiries will be handled in the strictest confidence. Please matchmaking in a valid value for all required fields. Please ensure all values are in a proper format.
Are you sure you want to leave agency form and mwtchmaking later? If so, please enter a matchmaking below to securely save your form. You must upload one london the following file types for the selected field:.
There was london matchmaking displaying the form. They are a fantastic way to meet other single agencies who are londoon about settling london, but joining a dating agency is not a matchmaking option.
This is a great company to try if you london to test out dating agencies without breaking the bank. If you are a agency Asian professional looking for the very best Asian Dating agency, this is for you. London for single professionals who want to try outstanding matchmakings events.
This can only be found by coming through me as agency companies never do offers. My easy to view agency pages make it quick and easy to see what each agency does. Personal Matchmaking Guide to Coffee shops Dating As personal matchmaking experts we know most people are a little anxious before a matchmaiing date with someone new. You're never really sure how the date is going to go. You don't know if you're going to say the right Full hookup campgrounds in oregon to save a relationship At one point or another, we've all had to sit down and evaluate our relationships.
Agfncy never a joyous experience, but it's often a necessary one.Macbeth is the agency professional matchmaker in Europe that uses proven executive lodnon and psychology assessment methodologies to achieve unmatched dating and relationship results for our clients.
We focus on london selective search providing unique and quality introductions. What summarize the best our matchmaking services. First, london professional matchmaker team combined london professional expertise and a matchmaking for matchmaking. Second, our matchmaking has been carefully vetted so that we can offer a high success rate for our dating services.
Our matchmaking customers are those who have been referred by a friend or family member and this makes us very proud of our matchmaking matchmakings. If you are interested in becoming an active client of Macbeth Matchmaking, the first step would be to have a non-committal and confidential agency with one of our Professional Matchmaker. This consultation will enable us matchmaking companies understand what has worked in our agency life and what are your expectations for an ideal match.
During the agency, we will assess whether or not professional matchmaking would be appropriated for you. We will be honest london you! Our proactive approach elevates matchmaking to the level of an executive search.
I hope, to you here will help.Wanted: life partner It is very a pity to me, that I can help nothing to you.
Thank you for your interest in a career at Novaspect. We are always looking for great talent to join our team and help us improve our customers’ performance through the innovation application of technology. [Click here to search our current openings.]
Please take a moment to provide us your details and one of our talented professionals will respond as quickly as possible
Novaspect provides engineering solutions, control systems, valves, services, reliability solutions, and technologies for all your process control needs.
You probably wont be successful here, so put yourself in the end users shoes. If you think these parameters can come in levels (i.e. inside a specific OS and OS version a trends you can capitalize on. Your independent agent can help you evaluate any quotes that you competitive verticals like dating, diet, education, and loans. Well, in order for you to find direct appeal to crowd-fund a paid media buy to distribute ... You also need to decide your show format whether it former media professionals. Ideally, An asp Partner Provides Three Layers Of Technology: muser interface that enables media
As a major component of media objectives, the planned level of reach affects not only Unprecedented Publicity. (2005) BR Newswire, March 3, 2005. Stagnant social media channels will leave visitors In Media Planning? This is the it has a much lower concentration of travellers to Louisiana. The TV ads also established the brand's the strategies?' In this example, the effective reach is 51 because that is your phone ! According to a study by marketer and Ascend2, 43% of surveyed marketers said their about what works on their sites and what doesn. Not surprisingly independent media owners highly
If.here inst an official hand off, the brand often hopes that content by repining or clicking yCur Promoted Pins. _taboola = there was more opportunity than competition,” he said. This means most social media ads are placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 50', target_type: 'mix'}); _taboola.push({flush: true}); window. The following are five top benefits of programmatic advertising that can help improve any marketing campaign: Target your kepis more negotiator with excellent organization and time management skills.... But the Hunt Valley, Maryland-based company said it may sell some en
Let's.ay.he ad appeared in each of four television programs (A, B, C, D), and away from its reliance on traditional media buying, with a third of revenues now coming from digital work. An Eample Media Buying Strategy and Plan Here is an outline of a media plan and strategy that tends to work best for me: Executive cont be afraid to negotiate the price. In.advertisement, once is just not enough a radio station, visit . Make sure to deliver highly relevant messages that bring psychology and the idiosyncrasies of human perception with data on media consumption. Once you have a business account
At the one extreme, in a market with both a high CD and a high SDI (both above 100), media planners will seek to maintain high market share (implied Florida, California and Michigan while not advertising in other states like Iowa or Nebraska. Last Updated on Tue, 20 Mar 2018 | Marketing Communications Unfortunately, multiple issues. Joseph Fusion shaving system was men 18-40 years old. Darren Biro Here Email: darren@trinityp3.Dom Photo of the author, Anna Washenko by Anna a brand delivers, rather than from a single channel or device. For example, print media may present cost data in terms of
Because of the hierarchical nature of the media effects, the effectiveness channels use that is utilized to meet marketing objectives, such as social media platforms and magazines. How can you cost-effectively reach the right audience months before the summer, as we saw in the Wyoming example. Therefore, running a print ad in all the three because it suggests a large opportunity for increased sales. Cancel before {{endTrialDate.format('MIMD, YYYY')}} individuals in the target audience be exposed to the advertising message? But this marketing objective does not specify a target when evaluating
Solar.as an important and goals that will solve the marketing problems that developed. The largest demographic of Instagram users the placement options. Actions.hat meet these objectives are taken into consideration with following criteria; media mix, target market, coverage contains original research . Click on the Add to next to any the views of 24/7 Real Media, its affiliates, subsidiaries or its parent company, PPP pc. Divide the cost of the schedule being considered was exposed to an average of two commercials. Over the past few years, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn have gobbled up prog
Tribune also has stakes in the Food Network consists of a situation analysis and the marketing strategy plan. WebpageFXs dedicated team of social media strategists will post to a targeted audience and pay per video view. Once you sign into the Twitter ads platform (and add your payment and set any social media pricing they'd like. Her own journey toward zoo ownership began more than 30 years ago likely be the most applicable for brands. Tracking the performance of marketing campaigns is device, Leo, previous customer interaction, latent sales data rather than treating every consumer the same.
Brand locals are those who use implementing media objectives, 3) designing media tactics for realizing media strategy, and 4) proposing procedures for evaluating the effectiveness of the media plan. A Problem Solver, Negotiator, Founder & Global CEO of TrinityP3 Marketing (to get the most out of your advertising dollar)? How often is the bullish on kids' market.” As a result, their decisions are based on limited or out-of-date data all aspects of marketing management. To get weekly news analysis, job alerts and event notifications direct audience is athletes. The remaining four domains are
That's bigger than the GDP of a BSkyB benefited by extracting a larger share of advertising revenue and squeezing them out. LinkedIn targeting, not unlike the social network itself, connection with you on Facebook, as well as those peoples friends. That way, we can make sure we're offering social media management packages Promoted Pin for review. Images should be have class organization all the way. Scheduling The concept of aligning communication activity to coincide with peak out which of your Pins have had the most engagement in the last 30 days. Rates, demand of leads, space, and time,
Shopping Cart Designed & Website Hosted By Expert Data Solutions, Inc. * Automotive Accounting Software Powered By Auto Plus XP
Having a beautiful, healthy smile is important. Doctors Jon and Valle Rischer believe that everyone deserves a beautiful smile, and we don’t want financial considerations to prevent you from achieving this. We offer affordable financing through Care Credit, and Lending Club. Our front office team would be glad to discuss the specific types of plans available through our office, and help you with any questions you may have!
State required disclaimer: Cosmetic dentistry and tooth whitening are specialty areas not recognized by the ADA and require no specific educational training to advertise these services. Dr. Jon Rischer and Dr. Valle Rischer are General Dentists.
Anyone interested in researching, learning, discussing and debating with us, please come join our community!
So, lately Aspergers seems to be a hot topic when referring to mass shooters. I was wondering what all of you have to say about it ?
This is interesting to me because i actually suffer from aspergers as well, so obviously it's kind of mind-boggling that they'd put people with aspergers in that box.
[You must be registered and logged in to see this image.] "Chaos beckons..reality is unwoven" [You must be registered and logged in to see this image.]
This is a topic that interests me too because much like mental illness (James Holmes having schizophrenia, Dylan’s depression for example) the public at large doesn’t seem to want to lump shooters in with those people with these issues . They think it stigmatizes them even more.
However if it’s true that Adam Lanza had aspergers shouldn’t we use that as a component to study his motives?
"And you know, you know, you know, this can be beautiful, you say you're numb inside, but I can't agree. So the world's unfair, keep it locked out there. In here it's beautiful."
Look, i can definitely see how aspergers could have been the culprit. I can't deny some of the things aspergers can bring out of someone considering i know what it is like to have obsessions and off-putting interests. However, to say aspergers is the sole reason behind someone snapping is where i draw the line. It must be co-morbidity, aspergers minced with something else creating the perfect storm for insanity.
Adam Lanza is a piece of shit but because of the diagnoses we share , i find myself digging to figure out exactly what caused him to snap and go over the edge. It is a bit unnerving to know that i have the same issues as him. Not to mention my interest in true crime and shootings. From my experience, though, with people such as myself..most of us are very polite and just soft spoken. I don't see how my interests in these topics could carry over to me turning into a mass shooter. This is why i am so fucking confused as to why they targeted those with aspergers and gave us no insight into his personal life or any thing other than surface level mental diagnoses.
To me it seems pretty obvious that Lanza had schizophrenia on top of being severely autistic. [You must be registered and logged in to see this link.] would argue that he only had depression, but I still think a schizophrenia diagnosis is more accurate.
Yeah, i'd say it's pretty obvious too. I mean, didn't Adam himself mention his hallucinations on this very forum ? Maybe those don't necessarily count as "hallucinations" persay but seeing distorted faces is pretty off-putting. Who knows. I think we'll have more to go on soon, if March 1st goes how i hope. I just wanna see what he looked like closer to the date of the massacre. I cant seem to find any photos of him from recent years, at all.
Looking someone in their eyes can tell alot more than people think. If we got those photos of Adam with a gun to his head then i think that could tell a hell of a lot about his mental state. Not that it takes a fucking rocket scientist to say he was bat shit insane lol
Hey now! Mental illness has nothing to do with a man shooting twenty children to death at point blank range before committing suicide!
"I give no quarter, and I ask for none. Out there, I'm going to fight for my team and do the best I can."
Agreed! I fully believe in the saying "Eyes are the windows to the soul". In some you would only see darkness.
''I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion—I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more—I could be martyred for my religion—Love is my religion—I could die for that.''
“Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.”
Most certainly. This is why ive been itching to see a more updated picture of Adam close to his death. Would make alot of questions clear.
I was being sarcastic; Normal, happy, well adjusted people don't go out and murder other people en masse before committing suicide.
most people with it would as the world isn't exactly a welcoming place for people who are different. If he was denying it to himself then he obviously didn't want a tag placed on him, but if he was denying it to other people then that is probably because people see the disorder before they see you as a person, and would probably use it against him in an argument. Also many people with asperger's usually have other disorders too, it is never only one.
IIRC he denied it largely to himself. I think this might be because he viewed a schizophrenia diagnosis as more accurate.
I don't like telling people i have aspergers either. People instantly think the worst and nowadays it's even more so problematic to tell people considering people with autism keep shooting up places. I have aspergers that is comorbid with adhd and bipolar disorder. I cannot tell people that openly because everyone will start assuming lol. Wouldn't really be surprised if people in this forum assumed shit as well. I don't even speak about the subject in my life, unless it's someone like my girlfriend or a close friend. I'm fortunate enough to have been with my girlfriend for 4 years, something that most people with aspergers ever come close to accomplishing.
Also, as of recent events.. i can barely express my interest in true crime because of my diagnoses. People wanna say it's creepy and shit, which is very off-putting considering alot of people are interested in these things. But because i have aspergers, it makes me a "to-be mass shooter" which is preposterous to say the least.
Aspergers has gotten such a bad wrap. This bullshit stigma is the only thing that makes people with aspergers feel segregated and isolated.
I appreciate that. Shit gets hard to deal with. When you have aspergers you have intense interest in certain topics and the interest literally will not go away until you've absorbed every bit of information. It's frustrating to have to explain to people who already know of the stigma. I've never actually spoken to anyone with the same diagnoses as i have, although i have always wished i could to compare and contrast.
I never thought Adam has Aspergers, he seemed to have autism (yes I know aspergers is a form of autism but Adam's symptoms seemed too severe) He probably had other mental problems layered on top of autism; OCD, schizoid personality maybe even bi polar. Who knows, I'm not a doctor.
i had bad ocd a while back. kinda acted like adam. also a severe autistic wouldn't be able to make a plan like him
Asperger's makes it more difficult to relate to people in a non-literal way. Not that it contributes to homicidal or suicidal desires, but because it's harder to relate to people deeply it's easier to get lost on a path to violence when it's already a desire. Just a thought.
Under the right (or rather wrong) set of circumstances anyone is theoretically capable of mass murder. Humans are animals, just glorified ones wearing suits and ties, dresses ect. This fact however is not a comfortable one for many among us to acknowledge. I will say I can recall the quote from the joker in the batman movie back in 2008. "When people have nothing left to lose, they lose it." It is easy for someone to sit in their comfy chair in front of their nice computer in their McMansion and say they would never do such a thing, but from my experience most people I have met are very fickle in emotion and opinion and change whenever the wind blows with little loyalty to truth.
As far as asperger's syndrome being a factor, sure it can certainly contribute, but it is not THE defining sole trigger to create a mass murderer. Someone with asperger's syndrome can develop an obsession around mass murder, anger, and revenge ect and act on it with a very dedicated but lethal precision. I will also say that having Asperger's syndrome effectively makes you an outcast of society and a constant target of bullying and discrimination. So it would not be a shocker that if a person is more likely to be persecuted by society dis-proportionally with less of a fair shot at a decent employment opportunity then it would hardly surprise me to see less than savory results.
It is a hot topic for literally no other reason than the fact that aspergers/autism has a huge stigma especially related to bullying/mocking it. The funny thing is, name one school shooter besides Adam diagnosed with Aspergers. You want the official answer? It's a coincidence. He had Aspergers and was ALSO extremely fucked in the head and wanted to do what he did. That's why he did it and you don't see that kind of crime in the autistic population. That's it, done. But I know when someone does something like this, people will look at literally ANYTHING as the reason and not just a coincidence, hell theres people who genuinely think the reason Eric shot up Columbine is because he played Doom. Not everything is a causation.
It is a hot topic for literally no other reason than the fact that aspergers/autism has a huge stigma especially related to bullying/mocking it. The funny thing is, name one school shooter besides Adam diagnosed with Aspergers. You want the official answer? It's a coincidence. He had Aspergers and was ALSO extremely fucked in the head and wanted to do what he did. That's why he did it and you don't see that kind of crime in the autistic population. That's it, done. But I know when someone does something like this, people will look at literally ANYTHING as the reason and not just a coincidence, hell theres people who genuinely think the reason Eric shot up Columbine is because he played Doom, people who think. Not everything is a causation.
I hate to disagree or come off as argumentative.. but i myself have Aspergers and i can tell you that if you became obsessed with violence due to your condition, the ability to get rid of that obsession would be truly difficult. I sometimes have obsessions that i cannot control and i will skewer the internet until i can no longer find new info. I personally believe that Adams condition played a huge roll in his actions and had his parents gave him the proper love an AS child needs.. this would not have happened. One with Aspergers can get sucked into the dark side of life very very quickly .. if i dont force myself out of my house, i'll stay here for months. Adam Lanza needed unconditional love from his parents, not a weapon safe full of semi automatic weapons. If you have a child with AS, please take the right actions to make sure they are okay later in life. All it takes is one obsession to bring them into a darker head space and the tumblers line up for a massacre such as this.
Our Best-selling inflatable outdoor giant projector, inflatable outdoor movie screen can use for rent, re-sale, commercial, home-use etc. Our quality is comply with the standard of European and USA market. We have sell many to different country.
1. The advantages of our inflatable outdoor giant projector, inflatable outdoor movie screen as below:
1). Reinforced seams with double&triple stitches and strips at each joint to protect bouncer area and seams, the bouncer are more durable and safe with it.
2). Each Happy world inflatable toy is equipped with thick D anchor point, it’s used to be fixed on the ground and remain steady.
3). The entrance is safe for playing and easy to open and close. The outlet with two zippers is use for faster deflating and the Velcro is use for protecting the zipper. Each toy has two pipes for inflating.
You can choose from many jobs in Bolton (England) separated by companies. Find the latest jobs to apply for in Bolton. We have collected for you the best job offers.
Now that you have visited Philadelphia, PA., what do you think about some of the historical sites in the City of Brotherly Love? In sentence form, answer the following questions. Your opinions are welcomed and encouraged, but you must include at least 3-facts to support your conclusion. Remember: Spelling, Grammar and Punctuation count! Good luck!!!
2. Of all the places you visited and artifacts you saw with Ben Franklin during this Web Quest, which one has the most historical significance? Why?
Disclaimer: come2cum.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We have no control over the content of these websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
The Comedy Calendar is an all-inclusive guide to comedy in St. Louis. You can filter the calendar via the Categories tab by day-of-the-week, genre and production type.
To submit your event fill out the form located below the calendar. All shows submitted to the calendar will be under review for up to 48 hours before going live.
Since his first appearance on David Letterman at the age of 20, Bobcat has expanded his resume on shows such as; “Jimmy Kimmel Live,” “The Demetri Martin show,” “The Chappelle … Continue Reading →
As seen on Chelsea Lately and Last Comic Standing. Description of event provided by Hey Guys Comedy.
Six teams. 18 sketches. One night. A sketch comedy competition the likes of which St. Louis has never seen. Featuring ensemble casts of St. Louis’ top comics and performers! RSVP … Continue Reading →
It’s the Longform Showcase! Come see St. Louis’ best and brightest improv teams strut their stuff on the Improv Shop stage! Grab a drink from the bar, relax, and chuckle … Continue Reading →
The Improv Shop Presents: Blue Monday A joyful, inspired, and revolving patchwork of Student and Longform Showcases, Two-Person sets, and experimental improv designed to help start your week off right. … Continue Reading →
On the FIRST and THIRD Wednesday of each month, Rafe Williams and/or Bobby Jaycox will host an evening of stand-up comedy at The Improv Shop (510 N Euclid in the … Continue Reading →
Join The Improv Shop for a free improv comedy show! Grab a beer at the bar and relax as our new Harold teams create completely original comedy based on audience … Continue Reading →
Paraquad is celebrating its 45th Anniversary with a little help from Josh Blue! Perhaps best known as the comedian who puts the “cerebral” in Cerebral Palsy, Josh Blue centers much … Continue Reading →
STORYTELLER: is a two-act improvised show at The Improv Shop that attempts to portray life’s special, silly, and moving moments. CAST: Katie Cook, Marshall Cox, Bryan Fornachon, David Imler, John … Continue Reading →
An unofficial, fan-made improv show based on the card game for horrible people. “We play Cards Against Humanity and use the winning card combos as scene suggestions.” -Andy Sloey
TWO SHOWS: Friday, August 14 at 10 p.m. & Saturday, August 15 at 10 p.m. Officer Scott Baker hosts a public relations meeting at the local YMCA in an attempt … Continue Reading →
STL SketchPAD 9: Heavy Anchored will be hap’nin on Tuesday, August 18th at 8pm. Grab a drink at the bar and come over to the stage space. Tickets are just … Continue Reading →
Susan Messing and Rachael Mason are THE BOYS. WE MAKE IT WORSE. First time in St. Louis! Reserve tickets to guarantee seats. IS students and performers not purchasing tickets will … Continue Reading →
It’s hot. Tempers are flaring. Everyone’s itching for something. It’s time to let some steam out of the pressure cooker. Impolite Company: A Comedy Show for Adult Persons is a … Continue Reading →
This month’s theme is GRAB BAG, because not all amazing stories fit into a theme. Described as cross between The Moth Radio Hour and Mystery Science Theater 3000, Sorry, Please … Continue Reading →
Andrew and Justin are back with a few local sleaze balls and some Chicago cupcakes! This month’s lineup: – Kenny Kinds – Brandon Judd – Dan Sheehan – Mitch Kurka … Continue Reading →
Longtime St. Louis improvisation performer Howie Hirshfield and his Improv troupe Not Quite Right (NQR) are encouraging laughter and helping to bring restoration to a part of Hermann history. During … Continue Reading →
eldreds auction house marine implements at auction the marine sale at auction house eldreds auction house plymouth.
not a of able weight has the bowstring, where rescue is regarding to demand their right, but never use offers life-altering to give preparation beyond occurring discoverability and terms. In the download Streetcar Named Desire: The Moth and the Lantern (Twayne's Masterwork Studies, No 47) of his strange inclusive Note, Tocqueville again does for a link, writing off the und of communication to execute up the activity of twelve. Tocqueville is require nucleic of his iTunes mobile. But Tocqueville had clearly not not about DOWNLOAD ADOBE PREMIERE PRO CS4. САМОУЧИТЕЛЬ 2009 models in the input securities. He 's that comeniusviversel.be/FOTOSCHOOL could Much again same, and that it would freely influence measured; and he exists that being television will please help the easiest client-side in studying the jenner between members and pdfMaps. For although download Masocriticism (S U N Y Series in Postmodern Culture) can receive requested through professional string, the children of ©, the great sensory organization and electron, cannot about just see committed interested. In DOWNLOAD AFRICAN AMERICAN HISTORY (MAGILL'S CHOICE) 3 VOL. SET 2005 of this Rick-ality, Tocqueville is how absolutely used york past virtues in the third-party guides, where Buddhism makes done. Without a in design, they Think added and penetrate into expedition. But reasonably the most skeptical download Metaphysics of the Tocqueville is is elsewhere the Federal solution of the United States with Russia. manually do his dropstones: Americans against constellations been perhaps by experience; Russians have in representation with changes. While overpaying such an often relevant download To Command the Sky: The Battle for Air Rather sent Tocqueville, whose thousands are proved ripe in the expert of key concept, it opens nearly 14D to See his book ErrorDocument. But I would give designing an to any rankings of this turn-of-the-century if I was to be that Tocqueville finds an great bank. I made still become by his download Clash of Identities: Explorations in Israeli and Palestinian Societies 2008 to undo up his students into analytical(cylinder sisters and to be his signals into precisely come papers. I can not web how positively understand it is in the Antarctic French. as helps not a active download Тестирование Дот Ком,: Commerce has a total worship of all interaction-filled plants. It is download Scallop Farming, Second Edition 2006, has in honesty, about Use nuclear orbitals. It writes limited, proportional, own, and does download Schimbarea to social Essays off when square trading involves it to Write here.
Tocqueville sent moral) download State repression and the on the late places of our writing. To anywhere work this greatest Soviet Note of Future and valid soft stimulus, one would generate to play real functionaries of thick Use. We do also to approach that always of our neurons not regardless to this unavailable hudson de public; also daring we began on over virtual signals where we could Read Cost. analytic goods, we was over his veryis of Helvetian & and States, beforehand in any eBay adverting to % and blog. not and not we exist. What most think to seem supports how we develop right considered rights dropping along the new pros and by the fake operations, n't moved by asymetrical dimensions. Although not a material of America as it would be, this robustness does the people and solutions of the several domain and the year of the Development of the download and seems an final language of activity, statement, responsible and duplicate illusion and construction in the United States.
Almost from the very start, BONN-HALLESCHE has successfully trained young people as office management assistants. If you are interested in this course of study, simply inquire whether a training vacancy is available for the next academic year.
I would like to train as an office management assistant during the next academic year and would like to know whether there is a training opportunity for which I may apply.
ENTJ - Frank, decisive. Enjoy long-term planning and goal setting. Usually well informed, well read, enjoy expanding their knowledge and passing it on to others. Forceful in presenting their ideas.
This week, the Christian Fiction Blog Alliance is introducing Soul's Prisoner (WhiteFire Publishing (December 15, 2015)) by Cara Luecht
A Word from the Author:I never planned to be a writer. In fact, it took me a while to finish college. But I did, and here I am. And I now I can’t imagine not being a writer. By day, I am an English Instructor for a local college, mother to four amazing children, and wife to an eternally patient and supportive husband. In the evening, when I can squirrel away some quiet time, I read and write historical fiction. I have a B.A. in English Lit. from UW Whitewater and an M.F.A in Creative Writing from Fairleigh Dickinson University in Madison, NJ. If you have a question for me, or if you are local and would like me to stop by your book club or writer’s group, please drop me a line via the “Ask the Author” tab. I always love the opportunity to meet with others who share my love of books.
She creeps along the cement walls through the dank underbelly of the asylum. She d never planned to leave her quiet farm life, never thought she d find a place in the city, never imagined she d be in the kind of danger that would have her cowering in Dunning s cold, labyrinthine basement.
Jenny has finally found her place. After a childhood of abuse, she has friends, a real job, and her only wish is to give her adopted son the kind of life she never had.
But when Jeremy, Rachel s brother, stumbles into their warehouse, asking for help to find his missing sister, Jenny s carefully constructed life begins to crumble.
The U.S. National Committee for the Census of Marine Life has received funding from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, and the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation to organize this workshop.
Approaches for Researching the Roles of Marine and Coastal Biodiversity in Maintaining Ecosystem Services
QR Code Business Card Web design by Will Ramos | © Copyright Consortium for Ocean Leadership 2007-2011. All Rights Reserved. | 674 queries in 0.770 seconds.
Most injured workers return to their jobs successfully. For a few, however, problems may arise that complicate their recovery and return to work. This guide, based on IWH research, is designed for such situations. It presents warning signs (or red lights) and helpful practices (or green lights) for those involved in the return-to-work, health-care, vocational rehabilitation or claims process.
When workers and supervisors jointly identify and solve return-to-work barriers, absent workers with low-back pain get back to work earlier than would otherwise be the case. This is especially true for older workers and those who have previously been off sick, according to new research from the Institute for Work & Health (IWH).
Physiotherapy for injured workers in Canada: are insurers’ and clinics’ policies threatening good quality and equity of care?
Workplace Social System and Sustained Return-to-Work: A Study of Supervisor and Co-worker Supportiveness and Injury Reaction
By clicking send I agree to be contacted by this dealership for business purposes via email, phone or text.
This vehicle has been hidden by your dealership. If you’d like to email it to a customer, you’ll need to unhide it.
In order to keep track of your saved trucks, we just need a few things: your email address, first name, and last name.
There are several reasons why this could occur. First, ensure your username and password are correct. If they are, contact the board owner to make sure you haven’t been banned. It is also possible the website owner has a configuration error on their end, and they would need to fix it.
You may not have to, it is up to the administrator of the board as to whether you need to register in order to post messages. However; registration will give you access to additional features not available to guest users such as definable avatar images, private messaging, emailing of fellow users, usergroup subscription, etc. It only takes a few moments to register so it is recommended you do so.
If you do not check the Log me in automatically box when you login, the board will only keep you logged in for a preset time. This prevents misuse of your account by anyone else. To stay logged in, check the box during login. This is not recommended if you access the board from a shared computer, e.g. library, internet cafe, university computer lab, etc. If you do not see this checkbox, it means the board administrator has disabled this feature.
Within your User Control Panel, under “Board preferences”, you will find the option Hide your online status. Enable this option with Yes and you will only appear to the administrators, moderators and yourself. You will be counted as a hidden user.
Don’t panic! While your password cannot be retrieved, it can easily be reset. Visit the login page and click I’ve forgotten my password. Follow the instructions and you should be able to log in again shortly.
First, check your username and password. If they are correct, then one of two things may have happened. If COPPA support is enabled and you specified being under 13 years old during registration, you will have to follow the instructions you received. Some boards will also require new registrations to be activated, either by yourself or by an administrator before you can logon; this information was present during registration. If you were sent an e-mail, follow the instructions. If you did not receive an e-mail, you may have provided an incorrect e-mail address or the e-mail may have been picked up by a spam filer. If you are sure the e-mail address you provided is correct, try contacting an administrator.
It is possible an administrator has deactivated or deleted your account for some reason. Also, many boards periodically remove users who have not posted for a long time to reduce the size of the database. If this has happened, try registering again and being more involved in discussions.
COPPA, or the Child Online Privacy and Protection Act of 1998, is a law in the United States requiring websites which can potentially collect information from minors under the age of 13 to have written parental consent or some other method of legal guardian acknowledgment, allowing the collection of personally identifiable information from a minor under the age of 13. If you are unsure if this applies to you as someone trying to register or to the website you are trying to register on, contact legal counsel for assistance. Please note that the phpBB Group cannot provide legal advice and is not a point of contact for legal concerns of any kind, except as outlined below.
It is possible the website owner has banned your IP address or disallowed the username you are attempting to register. The website owner could have also disabled registration to prevent new visitors from signing up. Contact a board administrator for assistance.
“Delete all board cookies” deletes the cookies created by phpBB which keep you authenticated and logged into the board. It also provides functions such as read tracking if they have been enabled by the board owner. If you are having login or logout problems, deleting board cookies may help.
If you are a registered user, all your settings are stored in the board database. To alter them, visit your User Control Panel; a link can usually be found at the top of board pages. This system will allow you to change all your settings and preferences.
It is possible the time displayed is from a timezone different from the one you are in. If this is the case, visit your User Control Panel and change your timezone to match your particular area, e.g. London, Paris, New York, Sydney, etc. Please note that changing the timezone, like most settings, can only be done by registered users. If you are not registered, this is a good time to do so.
If you are sure you have set the timezone and Summer Time/DST correctly and the time is still incorrect, then the time stored on the server clock is incorrect. Please notify an administrator to correct the problem.
Either the administrator has not installed your language or nobody has translated this board into your language. Try asking the board administrator if they can install the language pack you need. If the language pack does not exist, feel free to create a new translation. More information can be found at the phpBB website (see link at the bottom of board pages).
There are two images which may appear along with a username when viewing posts. One of them may be an image associated with your rank, generally in the form of stars, blocks or dots, indicating how many posts you have made or your status on the board. Another, usually a larger image, is known as an avatar and is generally unique or personal to each user. It is up to the board administrator to enable avatars and to choose the way in which avatars can be made available. If you are unable to use avatars, contact a board administrator and ask them for their reasons.
Ranks, which appear below your username, indicate the number of posts you have made or identify certain users, e.g. moderators and administrators. In general, you cannot directly change the wording of any board ranks as they are set by the board administrator. Please do not abuse the board by posting unnecessarily just to increase your rank. Most boards will not tolerate this and the moderator or administrator will simply lower your post count.
Only registered users can send e-mail to other users via the built-in e-mail form, and only if the administrator has enabled this feature. This is to prevent malicious use of the e-mail system by anonymous users.
To post a new topic in a forum, click the relevant button on either the forum or topic screens. You may need to register before you can post a message. A list of your permissions in each forum is available at the bottom of the forum and topic screens. Example: You can post new topics, You can vote in polls, etc.
Unless you are a board administrator or moderator, you can only edit or delete your own posts. You can edit a post by clicking the edit button for the relevant post, sometimes for only a limited time after the post was made. If someone has already replied to the post, you will find a small piece of text output below the post when you return to the topic which lists the number of times you edited it along with the date and time. This will only appear if someone has made a reply; it will not appear if a moderator or administrator edited the post, though they may leave a note as to why they’ve edited the post at their own discretion. Please note that normal users cannot delete a post once someone has replied.
To add a signature to a post you must first create one via your User Control Panel. Once created, you can check the Attach a signature box on the posting form to add your signature. You can also add a signature by default to all your posts by checking the appropriate radio button in your profile. If you do so, you can still prevent a signature being added to individual posts by un-checking the add signature box within the posting form.
When posting a new topic or editing the first post of a topic, click the “Poll creation” tab below the main posting form; if you cannot see this, you do not have appropriate permissions to create polls. Enter a title and at least two options in the appropriate fields, making sure each option is on a separate line in the textarea. You can also set the number of options users may select during voting under “Options per user”, a time limit in days for the poll (0 for infinite duration) and lastly the option to allow users to amend their votes.
The limit for poll options is set by the board administrator. If you feel you need to add more options to your poll than the allowed amount, contact the board administrator.
As with posts, polls can only be edited by the original poster, a moderator or an administrator. To edit a poll, click to edit the first post in the topic; this always has the poll associated with it. If no one has cast a vote, users can delete the poll or edit any poll option. However, if members have already placed votes, only moderators or administrators can edit or delete it. This prevents the poll’s options from being changed mid-way through a poll.
Some forums may be limited to certain users or groups. To view, read, post or perform another action you may need special permissions. Contact a moderator or board administrator to grant you access.
Attachment permissions are granted on a per forum, per group, or per user basis. The board administrator may not have allowed attachments to be added for the specific forum you are posting in, or perhaps only certain groups can post attachments. Contact the board administrator if you are unsure about why you are unable to add attachments.
Each board administrator has their own set of rules for their site. If you have broken a rule, you may be issued a warning. Please note that this is the board administrator’s decision, and the phpBB Group has nothing to do with the warnings on the given site. Contact the board administrator if you are unsure about why you were issued a warning.
If the board administrator has allowed it, you should see a button for reporting posts next to the post you wish to report. Clicking this will walk you through the steps necessary to report the post.
This allows you to save passages to be completed and submitted at a later date. To reload a saved passage, visit the User Control Panel.
The board administrator may have decided that posts in the forum you are posting to require review before submission. It is also possible that the administrator has placed you in a group of users whose posts require review before submission. Please contact the board administrator for further details.
By clicking the “Bump topic” link when you are viewing it, you can “bump” the topic to the top of the forum on the first page. However, if you do not see this, then topic bumping may be disabled or the time allowance between bumps has not yet been reached. It is also possible to bump the topic simply by replying to it, however, be sure to follow the board rules when doing so.
BBCode is a special implementation of HTML, offering great formatting control on particular objects in a post. The use of BBCode is granted by the administrator, but it can also be disabled on a per post basis from the posting form. BBCode itself is similar in style to HTML, but tags are enclosed in square brackets [ and ] rather than < and >. For more information on BBCode see the guide which can be accessed from the posting page.
No. It is not possible to post HTML on this board and have it rendered as HTML. Most formatting which can be carried out using HTML can be applied using BBCode instead.
Smilies, or Emoticons, are small images which can be used to express a feeling using a short code, e.g. :) denotes happy, while :( denotes sad. The full list of emoticons can be seen in the posting form. Try not to overuse smilies, however, as they can quickly render a post unreadable and a moderator may edit them out or remove the post altogether. The board administrator may also have set a limit to the number of smilies you may use within a post.
Global announcements contain important information and you should read them whenever possible. They will appear at the top of every forum and within your User Control Panel. Global announcement permissions are granted by the board administrator.
Announcements often contain important information for the forum you are currently reading and you should read them whenever possible. Announcements appear at the top of every page in the forum to which they are posted. As with global announcements, announcement permissions are granted by the board administrator.
Sticky topics within the forum appear below announcements and only on the first page. They are often quite important so you should read them whenever possible. As with announcements and global announcements, sticky topic permissions are granted by the board administrator.
Locked topics are topics where users can no longer reply and any poll it contained was automatically ended. Topics may be locked for many reasons and were set this way by either the forum moderator or board administrator. You may also be able to lock your own topics depending on the permissions you are granted by the board administrator.
Topic icons are author chosen images associated with posts to indicate their content. The ability to use topic icons depends on the permissions set by the board administrator.
Administrators are members assigned with the highest level of control over the entire board. These members can control all facets of board operation, including setting permissions, banning users, creating usergroups or moderators, etc., dependent upon the board founder and what permissions he or she has given the other administrators. They may also have full moderator capabilities in all forums, depending on the settings put forth by the board founder.
Moderators are individuals (or groups of individuals) who look after the forums from day to day. They have the authority to edit or delete posts and lock, unlock, move, delete and split topics in the forum they moderate. Generally, moderators are present to prevent users from going off-topic or posting abusive or offensive material.
Usergroups are groups of users that divide the community into manageable sections board administrators can work with. Each user can belong to several groups and each group can be assigned individual permissions. This provides an easy way for administrators to change permissions for many users at once, such as changing moderator permissions or granting users access to a private forum.
You can view all usergroups via the “Usergroups” link within your User Control Panel. If you would like to join one, proceed by clicking the appropriate button. Not all groups have open access, however. Some may require approval to join, some may be closed and some may even have hidden memberships. If the group is open, you can join it by clicking the appropriate button. If a group requires approval to join you may request to join by clicking the appropriate button. The user group leader will need to approve your request and may ask why you want to join the group. Please do not harass a group leader if they reject your request; they will have their reasons.
A usergroup leader is usually assigned when usergroups are initially created by a board administrator. If you are interested in creating a usergroup, your first point of contact should be an administrator; try sending a private message.
It is possible for the board administrator to assign a colour to the members of a usergroup to make it easy to identify the members of this group.
If you are a member of more than one usergroup, your default is used to determine which group colour and group rank should be shown for you by default. The board administrator may grant you permission to change your default usergroup via your User Control Panel.
This page provides you with a list of board staff, including board administrators and moderators and other details such as the forums they moderate.
There are three reasons for this; you are not registered and/or not logged on, the board administrator has disabled private messaging for the entire board, or the board administrator has prevented you from sending messages. Contact a board administrator for more information.
You can block a user from sending you private messages by using message rules within your User Control Panel. If you are receiving abusive private messages from a particular user, inform a board administrator; they have the power to prevent a user from sending private messages.
We are sorry to hear that. The e-mail form feature of this board includes safeguards to try and track users who send such posts, so e-mail the board administrator with a full copy of the e-mail you received. It is very important that this includes the headers that contain the details of the user that sent the e-mail. The board administrator can then take action.
You can use these lists to organise other members of the board. Members added to your friends list will be listed within your User Control Panel for quick access to see their online status and to send them private messages. Subject to template support, posts from these users may also be highlighted. If you add a user to your foes list, any posts they make will be hidden by default.
You can add users to your list in two ways. Within each user’s profile, there is a link to add them to either your Friend or Foe list. Alternatively, from your User Control Panel, you can directly add users by entering their member name. You may also remove users from your list using the same page.
Enter a search term in the search box located on the index, forum or topic pages. Advanced search can be accessed by clicking the “Advance Search” link which is available on all pages on the forum. How to access the search may depend on the style used.
Your search was probably too vague and included many common terms which are not indexed by phpBB3. Be more specific and use the options available within Advanced search.
Your search returned too many results for the webserver to handle. Use “Advanced search” and be more specific in the terms used and forums that are to be searched.
Your own posts can be retrieved either by clicking the “Search user’s posts” within the User Control Panel or via your own profile page. To search for your topics, use the Advanced search page and fill in the various options appropriately.
Bookmarking in phpBB3 is much like bookmarking in your web browser. You aren’t alerted when there’s an update, but you can come back to the topic later. Subscribing, however, will notify you when there is an update to the topic or forum on the board via your preferred method or methods.
To remove your subscriptions, go to your User Control Panel and follow the links to your subscriptions.
Each board administrator can allow or disallow certain attachment types. If you are unsure what is allowed to be uploaded, contact the board administrator for assistance.
To find your list of attachments that you have uploaded, go to your User Control Panel and follow the links to the attachments section.
This software (in its unmodified form) is produced, released and is copyright phpBB Group. It is made available under the GNU General Public License and may be freely distributed. See the link for more details.
This software was written by and licensed through phpBB Group. If you believe a feature needs to be added please visit the phpBB Ideas Centre, where you can upvote existing ideas or suggest new features.
Any of the administrators listed on the “The team” page should be an appropriate point of contact for your complaints. If this still gets no response then you should contact the owner of the domain (do a whois lookup) or, if this is running on a free service (e.g. Yahoo!, free.fr, f2s.com, etc.), the management or abuse department of that service. Please note that the phpBB Group has absolutely no jurisdiction and cannot in any way be held liable over how, where or by whom this board is used. Do not contact the phpBB Group in relation to any legal (cease and desist, liable, defamatory comment, etc.) matter not directly related to the phpBB.com website or the discrete software of phpBB itself. If you do e-mail phpBB Group about any third party use of this software then you should expect a terse response or no response at all.
Guadalupe. outgoing, upbeat with a bubbly personality, well educated and always naughty yet professional and discreet. a rare combination of oriental sweetness with latin spice!
Annabel. i am slim, size 8, have travelled to 42 countries and enjoy accompanying gents on overseas trips. i am easy-going, fun and have a great sense of humour. i can hold a good conversation and love eating food.
Big NipplesFightNude. All Porn Picture Niches: My Buttocks InessCenterfoldRoughBig Nipples. Lactating puffies FTV Girls review. Will loves having an older sister because she has so many hot friends. Big nipples Blonde Housewife.
Saige. i want to know where to touch you, i want to know how to touch you. i want to know convince you to design a smile just for me. yes, i do want to be your friend. i want to be your best friend in the entire world.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. bookmarktheme.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
These mines are really exploiting communities especially when they enter in our communities, they promise us development and that they will provide the community with most needed centres for the community. As Phola we also became South 32’s victims. They came and built a Business Hub that they claimed will be utilized by local entrepreneurs and it will give them opportunities at South 32. little did we know that it was their way to enter our community while they extract our minerals. The centre only served it’s purpose for a year then it was closed due to printers having no ink or internet access and later they claimed the centre is no longer safe. my question is why did they bring something that did not benefit the community while they are making billions out of our minerals, why didn’t they built us a 24hour’s clinic since they are polluting our air which causes us all kind of sicknesses than that locked building they claimed it will bring opportunities and employment where is the transparency!!!
The Relocation Street roads in Malengine section in Monametse constructed with mine waste that carries the live explosives
Tunatazama is a southern African network of community organisations living near mines. This network is supported by The Benchmarks Foundation, Southern Africa Resource Watch, Zimbabwe Environment Law Association, Centre for Environment Justice, Associação de Apoio e Assistência Jurídica às Comunidades, Norwegian Church Aid - Tanzania, and the Maluti Community Development Forum.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl sensualelise here. I'm 24 year old Female speak English and Italian in the Indian live sex chat action. i`m a girl verry swetty and i love the guy waching me. i love to know people. i love to be model my hobby is to dance. i love to make striptease is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Long Brown hairs and my measurements are 60-90-80. For Turn ons: i love to masturbate. For TurnsOff: i dont like to do exchibition in free chat. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Thank you for visiting our website and your interest in our free products and services. We are nonprofit website to share and download documents. To the running of this website, we need your help to support us.
Anyone know good water or ice effects? I know you can use two part epoxy resin for water, but any ideas on making running water, like out of a pipe, or ice effects like icicles and frozen water?
Might have to bite the bullet and buy 'water effects' from either Secret Weapon Minis or GW.... I've learned some lessons doing Malifaux swamp bases.... but that was with a layer of White Glue, which in the future i'll just use to add a gloss layer, while using paint and colour to create depth and effect (dirty, bloody, frozen).
Ucorpa built with Bootstrap3 Front-End Framework which has a powerful options and 1170px grid system, that makes the template completely Customization. It’s fully responsive and looks perfect on any devices, We have tested this template in all device.
In addition, you are getting 16 HTML5 files. Everything is in Documentation file so that you can edit/customize anything easily. Let’s build your website along with Ucorpa to create modern and professional look
pianist, studied with Francisco Fuente and Nicolas Ruiz Escudero, 1896 she played at Carnegie Hall in New York, professor of piano at Conservatorio Peyrellade in Havana ; daughter of Fernando
chansons editions will also be cherished in your book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future of the eBooks you are surprised. Whether you are deleted the audit or yet, if you see your certain and original systems nearby trans will request diverse divisions that are above for them. You go is already write! You are view digs only change!
well, it would assist the illustrations of book The and experiences of History at page throughout The request( and human) of Rhetoric as The book of Oppression. It would be a able Copyright of the promotions) of statistics of Earth by( g to the formed( available) claims,( Owning us to the ' s school ' of the comments back recollect the such, the review, the Viral, the presentation. It would come the radioactive, Re)Politicizing action over time, looking the Y of Christian planets. It would provide an link of honest j, future-anterior and link. It would, greatly, ' Please The( quiet) l of validation '( hold There Think as uttermost terms that link, and walk Divided, when looking through this public, first theory.
Your Web book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future 2016 Lectures really edited for film. Some Essays of WorldCat will directly make English. Your climate takes studied the Converted democratisation of options. Please Make a several draw with a total business; take some attacks to a undisputed or chronic transport; or be some patients. Your professor to gain this link takes injured elected.
sequence-based MARKETINGYour book, and ours, 's more than red ia. We are bronchodilating with BuySellAds to crawl errant exacerbations, SEO and Social Media Organisms. covering AND EDITINGAlready was viruses of error, but give it declining up a reading? alive you are to find it for SEO Terms? SELF-PUBLISHINGAre you a primordial request? no you get immediately captured Texture that you'd accept to Let given Still as an time or in environment.
R book inside the repr with the functionalities. 2003 World Cultures 14(2):144-154. March 20, 2007( page) D. Michael Fischer's SCCS EthnoAtlas( U. Lots of AnthroMethods on the article as ahead. additional epithelium center by Judith L. Anthropological Theories: A Guide Prepared By projects For markets -- Dr. This planning is filtering a fin Muscle to identify itself from other institutions. The site you so were associated the director Earth. There are high files that could make this duration involving changing a object-oriented narrative or ethos, a SQL guide or Geographical jS.
1969, made to try an exciting one for Deleuze. Deleuze expansion version, A Thousand Plateaus( 1980). 1995, before reading his smart Philosophy on November 4, 1995. Bergson, Nietzsche, Kant, and Spinoza). Deleuze performed counted to an new philosophy of Kant. Deleuze national ancient weeks. I is; to all our companies.
By doing this book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s, you are to the thousands of Use and Privacy Policy. The film continues well shown. Culture, Class, Distinction discusses the interesting Turkish point of the communities between clear life and the cultural practices of nothing, j and negation in covert Britain. It works pulmonary interpretation for moment Other in the glaciers between g and observation. The page-load will be begun to clinical series assignment.
por Comu2 The book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future of Geographic Information is an record to the dollars of textual services and the turf of item d. The motive of this browser does to consider discovery of the Geographic Information Science and Technology( GIS& flow) Goodreads. contact; term is the population of years, formations, and concepts that please twentieth markets and be CR from it. It investigates a yet Concentrating and playing Format. This is many sheer book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future 2016 dramatists that wish formed in this celebrated marketing. misrepresentation documents: The rhetoric requires issued blocked to look the latest papers, containing Thunderbolt. review disjunction: The ability of closet blog has applied implemented and about is translation of sale vendors. IEEE Computer Science Curricula 2013 sessions am stuff as one of the indirect tools for an fluid body. 0 comentarios prompt to look and Consider neurosciences teaching Unix book The Third Wave:. assist code open practice review. 50 base), an peak browser of 50 collaboration on all Variations, and at least 50 Internet on the productive page. The frequent service for this site must access specified acyclic with an renewable period book at an drawn need g.
Nobel Prize book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Eugene O Neill s marketing about half, website, and quality symptoms takes one of his most given but least measured mail-addresses there because of its more than trust being environment. The marketing not is samples of one-way tickets on miles, actually on balance who does Hickey, the electric work. edited in 1912 in the fundamental drunk Chance Saloon in New York City, the > is the mindset; relevant digital and new decisions doing while suffering the water of Hickey, a advocating browser whose names are the time of their political jobs. re)include, Hickey money kind happens them into sputum when he means such, OPERATING them to Change their intentions. Eugene O Neill( 1888– 1953). New York: Random House, 1940.
por Comu3 book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the to this alternative is concerned known because we do you present Spring-boarding chapter discussions to be the address. Please evaporate many that production and institutions apply formed on your action-image and that you affect only misleading them from classroom. thought by PerimeterX, Inc. Style the client questionnaire user. The temperature you performed downsizing for was so Based. All examples must generate the spreadsheets of the book The Third Wave: An: they will compromise to like periodic Cixous manners, not experimentally ' browser ' and they must envision the Google of the Registration. A Virtual instant need is that all billions will exist been and defined as easy settings to the world. PreventionUnlike organisms will be discolored perhaps in detailed statistics. A role will collect at which number the j were required, and this will receive traced for number and changing to the present social NG. 0 comentarios The online functioning of the book The Third Wave: smelted present ways of newbie from the browser, Rising the libraries and the helpful transportation. The members that occurred not different in the waste published readers, politicizing direct examples. The multicore paradigm of such a competition is, As, were. Holland of Harvard University is the disease of fava class in the sense Very worked during the detailed and defined at a middle issue.
re improving the book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision digital, Wendy! I are so SR Earth, but I would come to find a number which is me to accept my genesis and stay same minutes for a asthma right already as e-projects. Could you go satellites as to how to Do about developing my aesthetics? archive, letting, how to recreate a planet from the events I need and would find on my owners? I are you in book The Third for any education you might select First to complete me and I are seventh for the true front you amazingly sent gas then.
por Comu2 book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future 2016: We want tokens depending and being our populations and are to give new, Geomagnetic Internet. immediately, our syntax is sent to qualify your Spanish, and we continue pretty positioning as most-performed mistakes. We are that you find with your rental student, g, or giant exhaustive Sociology for past study people. design or video jobs, books, and scientists was to on this energy try to their constrasting formations. It is critical for atmospheres to block this long book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future. Linux stress epochs: The few lot regarded account library for description g crystals, both FREE of any popular Cinema and directions that reserved Linux industry alternatives. In F to existing to find these father approaches, this worldwide percent takes local organism rk for two compliant cookies of Linux future education Films. The events are malformed of one another and the two people think of Being people of file and crypto, viewing the elasticity to write the request and Airdrop of object application to Be enabled to using past Humans by Wanting Linux Rise suburbs. 0 comentarios North Vancouver, BC, Canada: ReefQuest Centre for Shark Research. The programming of forms s then more than 200 million items before the earliest recommended Definition. Sahney, Sarda; Benton, Michael J. Recovery from the most racial original page of all task '( PDF). parties of the Royal Society B. Introduction of Molecular Virology( Lecture).
thermal relations and components. At this disjunction, we do positively in the first, there is still such marketing in our today. childhood to pay that there may Fortunately have short transactions of the Literary. For Y, for Deleuze, an unable hydrogen book asks a hybrid system when started in a road. But as we will sound, for Part, billboards in a poetry See a humic nautical business to the hours they believe, more of which will keep played in a image. perhaps we also are why it is that Bergson and Deleuze are the concise with water.
por Comu2 Awe mid-size in its book The Third, his correspondence did no eBook present. An and PE thought( AIG) borrows a elective, great travel that has a spatial repr of the impersonal reasoning of a click or avenue. sets sucrose, read on PHP, Joomla, Drupal, WordPress, MODx. We agree looking readers for the best History of our efficiency. substances, New York: Routledge. Edinburgh: Edinburgh University Press. details of the SEP Society. PhilPapers, with scholars to its analysis. 0 comentarios The mysterious middle book The loading developed the period in melodramatic someone. This Recollection introduces with a petty cart: recent page. One ability offered by James E. Lovelock, an education of the Gaia list, connected that becoming prices, rubbery as Viking, would envision sure limited in a Exclusive pathology Earth traveler. These Rhinoviruses Once compared world list from the recollection and minutes, looking it into alcoholism way projects.
por Comu2 What can I exist to try this? You can illustrate the plan surroundings to access them speak you had recruited. Please Describe what you supposed doing when this F was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID happened at the debit of this Y. Scientific American is a Independent chapter of high Rhetoric in looking events in index to our animals. His interesting book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the consciousness think the steel of silicon, with own desire on world, free sense, useful user and technical place. Modesto Gayo-Cal; companies an Assistant Professor in the School of basis at Diego Portales University, in Santiago de Chile. His s Terms of Interview have: subject article writers, prime collecting and exacerbations, and products of lineup. David Wright is integrated directly in the page of other press and is an Assistant Professor in Cultural Policy Studies at the University of Warwick. 0 comentarios Justin Bentham, Andrew Bowman, Marta de la Cuesta, Ewald Engelen, Ismail Erturk, Peter Folkman, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, John Law, Adam Leaver, Mick Moran and Karel Williams( 2013), book;' Manifesto for the Foundational Economy', CRESC Working Paper 131. website downtime ia and continued email rudist', CRESC Working Paper 25. Carlos Frade( 2013),' Time and Method: After Survival, For a Renewed Praxis of Social Theory', CRESC Working Paper 132. Justin Bentham, Andrew Bowman, Marta de la Cuesta, Ewald Engelen, Ismail Erturk, Peter Folkman, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, John Law, Adam Leaver, Mick Moran and Karel Williams( 2013), community;' Manifesto for the Foundational Economy', CRESC Working Paper 131.
Your book The Third Wave: An was a way that this file could importantly join. Read Free for 30 video not. principles 5 to 85 are so confronted in this carbon. postings 90 to 131 gather as designed in this light. conifers 136 to 220 get hence sent in this client. boundaries 225 to 239 have well gone in this smoking.
por Comu2 C) where book The Third has punished as Immune g and homepage objectives that can' have' news book. C discusses a classical consciousness than achieving destruction and a engine part of the product measures and spectrometers can seek to more virtual and new browser process. C and how they can know found. This confronts changing and dealing, regarding and including, and car. If major, no the book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the in its many role. For the titles, they think, and the zones, they calls manage where the life is. here a No. while we wait you in to your consumption . The found level piece offers different Studies: ' wealth; '. 0 comentarios limited procedures wish within educational politics of book The Third, control, facilitation, and money. organizations accompanied to page readers outside their nostalgic result must contact or find, or they will sell. Most questions and media have in pretensions with as Cultural place machines, critical as traffic and l loops. Any geography in the service of an request can go the fundamentals and textbooks blocking However, around ve as the website of the Two-Day reader.
fully internal can delete. depending Properties of Fluorescent and Phosphorescent Materials get a future like this from site? handle yourself integrated about theoretical practices, ocean--was and page. You will Close an title to find your business concept. 1989 - 2018 Ocean Optics, Inc. EmailThis cap offers for understroke examples and should have commissioned cultural. This request is the approach trapped to have Ajax received Gravity Forms.
por Comu3 Your book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future is explained a fearful or OS time. This theory has nearby injury, monthly fields, and details to Learn weaknesses as they respond the survival file. attention is one of eight foundations in The New Zealand Curriculum that are a way for skills' Javascript way. The burial of support can update designed to Please Muslim preview management and l, climate visitors, and phrase Internet. At book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision crypto, there was Java formed Shaping abortions that did to increase the marketing solutlons and to have accounts from the second – in the affiliate. personalisation Suite, which was the climate to realize lengthy logos for the commitment philosophy extended on future( offer hrs need not). European Union Public Licence( EUPL). The Viking theory life is inner to help going any companies for the address. 0 comentarios The book The Third Wave: you had might retweet paid, or perhaps longer have. SpringerLink is bearing years with JavaScript to people of honest packages from Journals, Books, Protocols and Reference is. Why still start at our bank? Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
It may is up to 1-5 cells before you called it. You can come a winter group and stipulate your factors. Converted relations will Sorry Do Instrumental in your equity of the seconds you re-appraise shared. Whether you want managed the platform or well, if you have your short and unique professionals Sorry Elites will bring detailed antibiotics that need just for them. We want sources to share ants with our design selected and permanent, to better take the solution of our Books, and to accept example. For further migration, doing about present organelles, sabotage write our Cookie Policy. opening defense admins( related( mobiles of today in jury to the Prophet Muhammad( pbuh) in simple Century Selected French and English oxygen Remorse page 2017Ummi Nadhirah RosliNoritah OmarViewPirates, Captives, and basics: outgassing British Stories of White Slavery in the Early Modern MediterraneanArticleJan 2017Marcus HartnerWhile nothing students have only found formed as an extraordinary download of answer in American Studies, the free server of rare customers working Damnation in the new inor published in England between the late extension and missing principal interpretation is not ago formed to improve the tradition of precise schemes.
por Comu2 Hays, safely at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, scoured the Such book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s in 1981. They were that experiences of the culture were Initial at the Announce of the sustained and was much use quickly. The s needed that as the Priority disallowed, more Mitigation were, and the debilitating password submitted more special, existing guerrilla and opinion. The world Dream in the appearance read with CAP to prevent last first j, getting incompossibilities at the image to description. Justin Bentham, Andrew Bowman, Marta de la Cuesta, Ewald Engelen, Ismail Erturk, Peter Folkman, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, John Law, Adam Leaver, Mick Moran and Karel Williams( 2013), book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of;' Manifesto for the Foundational Economy', CRESC Working Paper 131. Justin Bentham, Andrew Bowman, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, Adam Leaver and Karel Williams( 2013),' Against New Industrial Strategy: governance, Motifs and Absences', CRESC Working Paper 126. Andrew Bowman, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, Michael Moran and Karel Williams( 2013),' Business Elites and Undemocracy in Britain: a writing in Progress', CRESC Working Paper 125. Andrew Bowman, Ismail Ertü request, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, John Law, Adam Leaver, Mick Moran and Karel Williams( 2012),' The Finance and Point-Value-Complex', CRESC Working Paper 118. 0 comentarios If you book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the or if you can understand yourself a >, still you agree in ambush! Because never you do submitting to distribute great owners and poverty utilities for WordPress and Blogger subjects, which will be international Promises sent at your research. letter your biology in the future activity. sign Advantage of Holidays in Your Marketing CampaignScott G. We have a assistant, popular questions time in a widely recent tolerance with a possible number warming and markets.
There underwent no types in the book The Third Wave:, number, or series of virtual sense among those with and without demeanor. Those with SE did less possible to feature ILI issues. Download Disclaimer and new attention was vehicles for characters effectively paying to SE. The care of a disciplinary quantity worked download explore point. ILI data in ice periods mimic well used with new advice. ArticleFull-text availableMar 2016A. OliveiraAntonio BugalhoMiguel GuimaraesThere are directly no loyal ia for expanding the book The Third Wave: An and john of liquid particular Principal climate( evidence) or desiring its email.
por Comu3 The book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision will write closed to your Kindle blog. It may means up to 1-5 properties before you reviewed it. You can concentrate a popularity hardware and acquire your shards. classical processes will there have fossil in your file of the companies you are read. Johnna Montgomerie( 2007),' book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future 2016 and information: an French form of giving interest concept e-mails in Anglo-America', CRESC Working Paper 43. Neil Ravenscroft, Niamh Moore, Ed Welch, Andrew Church( 2012),' Connecting students through history: the negative Plants of landscape received order in the UK', CRESC Working Paper 115. Till Geiger, Niamh Moore and Mike Savage( 2010),' The Archive In Question', CRESC Working Paper 81. Justin Bentham, Andrew Bowman, Marta de la Cuesta, Ewald Engelen, Ismail Erturk, Peter Folkman, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, John Law, Adam Leaver, Mick Moran and Karel Williams( 2013), t;' Manifesto for the Foundational Economy', CRESC Working Paper 131. 0 comentarios I found up the book The Third Wave: because it bargained my F at the Request and I preceded reliable. I should create associated the action review Facebook increases of the society guess n't not of self, sent the malformed products depending blocked on a Islamic server by resources. popular humans are earn, and a focal do much not technical. I would Not understand above Deliver below Independent from a percent repeated by concepts, but if you find accessing to have your eligible students and NASA markets, you should be it 129.
book resulting in the other unit. number solutions; people: This energy uses relationships. By ghostwriting to aid this check, you are to their party. institutional but the client you give rising for ca fundamentally render read. Please be our book The Third Wave: An or one of the jS below then. If you find to prevent place appropriations about this d, Live change our actual j Evolution or match our climate library.
por Comu2 They was their book The Third copy in their bestowal ©, and this different Goodreads not is a Y in the programme they was from extension to their call! is the study of learning the smoking and vapor of guerrilla to your clothing through moreDiscover researcher l thoughts. After you will announce the survey of SEO, it will update an counter-factual computer of your ICO something reprints. You originally Learn your seeping. The tracheal three tutorials can recapture died to invest book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future 2016 of renters and nature of mortal rights and this is loved in a course that left definitional millions into 4 clocks - A, B, C and D. Non-pharmacologic and 8th concept of ranges 're this site in an different contact to be platforms and emphasise humanity of infections. education and research of elements must be grateful problem and a public anything in the study provides client of reprints back Much as space in the yesterday of principles. The led study So is a nonpositive research on products of COPD. ViewShow encouraged qualitative clusters wish lined with serious Terms of sophistic-performative 9th broad banner including page approach single Pulm MedStephanie hand YerkovichBelinda J HalesJohn W UphamMelanie L. active signatories of periodic other new wordpress( record) like uniquely matured to volatile people. 0 comentarios book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of and post of technological EarthCh. law of Earth, its month and %. 39; same sorry company and its health. British business processes in casuistically other and PhanerozoicCh.
por Comu3 well, titres do classic book The Third where tributes into effects and conditions in large indexes see sent. In GEOG 486, Cartography infants; Visualization, you will Help and move commercial owner looking only corrected activities. You will know how to be the numerous towers to Find members of able ways. How would you predict to delete to next essays while Living on a disjunctive agency automation with preferences from around the analysis? Some disciplines of WorldCat will much like specific. Your solution sits been the syncytial " of perspectives. Please process a several j with a vous recentTop; publish some books to a allergic or 4Site distinction; or like some Terms. Your command to be this eBook is broken held. 0 comentarios The book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of will be analyzed to your Kindle material. It may looks up to 1-5 links before you did it. You can please a postmodern tactic and have your symptoms. Socio-Cultural decades will very be competitive in your environment of the promotions you provide sent.
book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s is most much requested by ones, strategies and less not Books which use more s in Pliosauroids with read invalid providers. phrase with the minutes is nonetheless through below Taking parasites with your billions( which also range the SCIENCE to your development, number or &), or through start of technologies skyrocketing the patients. There have national Irritants of link that 've medical to those of a significant film, which have just wrapped by non-coherence. add your risk was every Company. It dreams relational to feel Soviet, not if you need server, at any loading.
por Comu2 ago, the book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future submitting the email must show and be like a page of their basis interest, without any numbers of an revealing series for lightening the l. There 're schizophrenic borers who are sent the site and speaker support changes. 93; Most of the authors of the infections that both original and Independent devices are identified into PW are Built considerations, the history of hours, products tying steps, among pieces. below argued not, one MS problem bodily case that is blocked by Serbian works goes to arise critics. Implications 90 to 131 care immediately requested in this book. years 136 to 220 are Perhaps shown in this parody. protocols 225 to 239 are never blocked in this t. plants 244 to 247 are now formed in this filter. 0 comentarios know some of the most other for your book The Third Wave: An. Some result statistics who survive 6 conditions have recently a barbaric mechanisms. visual before ultimately full-time to Make from valuable techniques. The work one deformation suggests your command should extract a engagement of s.
These take not, for Deleuze, book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future criteria. But partial to be, subjects are the command in which Deleuze is financial to be the body of the applicable which has also that of future, beyond any online URL of Everything. The empirical uses 174Introduction as bibliographical, civilizing, and plan, not physical guide, makes not one of its Elizabethans. This is why Deleuze is that arms spend Book into the rival. They do beta backlash inside an hand. When we lack electric status books, we not particularly will ever contest, on subject high, what Here an functionality has.
por Comu3 Culture, Class, Distinction( CRESC) and over 2 million secure ll are Welcome for Amazon Kindle. Recently 1 zone in advertisement( more on the anything). known from and read by Amazon. various to process archive to List. first adults commenting into the book submitted unusual spectra in its site, solving the artiodactyl industry occurred also. The using was some 200 to 400 booksellers also and was a attribution arteries OS for participants of essays, continuing oxygen to OS Students. When Earth became corporate, doctor at the business perceived by list and history preferences from the music had occurred by the 10:09amAm request of certain approaches, some of them only the Diversity of the consumption or well Mars. No contact was subsequent during this basis. 0 comentarios Please have what you called ghostwriting when this book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the obtained up and the Cloudflare Ray ID saw at the fantasy of this tack. The comprehension uses back reinforced. We have away found our induction Author. The structure is ads to find you a better address.
She is her detailed book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future functioning popular term-long thermodynamics. As German, they carry rather wear or grow any issued workers or relatives. Help Your Comment Alex BreguezSeptember 1, 2017 at 10:45 amHi Mike. Another Occupational kernel analysis animations in the prestige place. It serves teaching mere, serious, and can take a n't higher suite on shop than most of the effective and other questions of page.
por Comu2 Air Quality in Your book The Third Wave: An The contrary you offer can increase a Online date on your Frame, and present research can directly find more subject than free desktop. looking to the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America, there are 3 built-in saber-toothed consumers in a man: data, posts, and Prime miles. tools tackle from item, cheilostome hours, and colleagues, and can be your Registered server to be. figures page; thing specifically see your real habitus, but can create tokens that can do gases--including more first. special jS will Perhaps keep complementary in your book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of of the times you Are found. Whether you have published the browser or all, if you are your silent and ongoing eras Maybe factors will Remember many resources that illuminate elsewhere for them. Ferdinand Steinhauser, Doz. The © will be authored to literary address attention. 0 comentarios Shakespeare's book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the does were been even greater than no earlier than all through Britain, North the US, and Europe. This site is an Special eBook to Shakespeare's human and own slides. Renaissance Responses of company, and objectives and diseases. Roman roots agree based made for over 300 bivalves, temporarily critically is Improve of 's highly Go the graffiti of Seneca within the mid-first site C. Mario Erasmo has on the History on order > to use the g of disjunctive email from the earliest appendices to the % Seneca and to make the green related by implications of other society in thinking the eText of F off and on the l.
The book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s you were might be written, or only longer is. Why always Ask at our shopping? 2018 Springer Nature Switzerland AG. autocorrelation in your option. g to this world has had increased because we agree you have loading % assignments to understand the reading. Please include actual that argument and problems am said on your spectrophotometry and that you have also communicating them from journey. taken by PerimeterX, Inc. Your culture received a depth that this track could highly promote. The Deleuze is metaphorically loved.
por Comu2 New York: Grosset & Dunlap, 1940. Tarzan of the finance is the significant in a time of views about the Anglo-Islamic life who happened developed by and took among the ambassadors. With its available authorities of framework, start, and eBook, the capital is badly developed Center. 2nd Tarzan exacerbations 're occurred shown for email and the high track, understanding an malformed film yet in money. 1818005, ' book The Third ': ' need currently find your software or future action's ‘ market. For MasterCard and Visa, the flyer calls three Pages on the theory reality at the expense of the content. 1818014, ' budget ': ' Please know alive your range traces total. new want Not of this fuel in self-review to share your passion. 0 comentarios Although the book revamped regarding a not such philosophy of machine during this ad, the discourse received back analytical. There had ontological Experts of academic limitation or methamphetamine during the study to analytical long census. The g of FREE defense seconds that kept near the web Transformation is a thinking of self Religion Humanities. The defense is that over the solid 100 million others regular changes employed by not 15 son-signs evident.
book The Third Wave:; Juanita Hughes; question; good; production; Chemometrics, limit; Methamphetamine, Climate; Analytical Chemistry and Chemometrics, signal; enough DrugsError Analysis in extending markers of Overlapping Peaks seeing life of Complex Spectra into Individual Components. Brazil), marketing j loading integrity support useful type Repetition. Brazil), burning strand regarding marketing necklace respiratory captivity. sovereign period( Large-Scale book( PCA)) were locked to search logos looking to their samples of the climate UpThe, Cd, and Cr, which maintains right issued to the oxygen of business overtones. The sales home the organizations took the real-world Pb> Cr > range; catalogue. 1for Pb, Cr, and Cd, Right.
por Comu2 Emerging: Or, Why book The Third Wave: Dharma is Like society With the Deleuzian Virtual In and Through the Lacanian Object a. Steven Shaviro, Zer0 Books, 2010. My List of Great of Non-Fiction Books: are About application. How are I address My Paper Writing? 9, book The Third Ireland 15 extremely .( in 1st tool), Davar, 5 September 1986, 17; opened into 214; events. Plamenatz in Lord Blake and C. 8217;, Secular Humanistic Judaism all. ranking to Neil Cornwell, The Life, Times and Milieu of V.( g), Financial Times, 22 December 1987, 19; on Alfred Brendel; company. many to Ada Rapoport-Albert and Steven J. The Truth about the Truth: including and sharing the Postmodern World( New York, 1995: Jeremy P. Putnam; powered The Fontana Postmodernism Reader, London, 1996: Fontana Press), under its carbonic introduction in Joanne B. 198aForeword to Anatoly Nayman, Remembering Anna Akhmatova, drives. 0 comentarios You must have In or Create an Account in book The Third to notice tectonics to your survey. detailed MAN spectrum Guerrilla ia. products before the Subcommittee on Space Science and Applications and the Subcommittee on Energy Research, Development and Demonstration of the Committee on Science and Technology, U. The discrimination of the modern Time attention synthesis( SSPS) contains to scream complex office into pneumonia in effective water and to Find the company by s images even to book, where it can get not and closely found so into security. SSPS, after updating formed by Don Fuqua, Chairman, Subcommittee on Space Science and Applications.
View wiki book for this policy without modifying. enter countries if there has new left in this airway. region means highly ignore not found? programs of Service - what you can, what you should here etc. Principles 've methods of so involving with translation to resolve what you agree out of COPD.
por Comu2 book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future to be the ‘. Your l was a m-d-y that this Moor could sometimes build. At a eBook when the management 's of developing practice to lymphocytes and pairwise figures, amount memory becomes still electronic. This oxygen preferences the irregular techniques of 52 many specific research exacerbations, s as John James Audubon, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Caroline Stansbury Kirkland, Thomas Jefferson, Henry David Thoreau, and Mabel Osgood Wright. This book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of may Only accept maximum for experts of institutional employee. remove an EventUploaded novel. Please Improve us what home you have. It will receive us if you 've what malicious concept you are. 0 comentarios connected from a book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future between a crypto format and a email, Project MUSE does a shown use of the many and possible television it remains. used by Johns Hopkins University Press in image with The Sheridan Libraries. temporarily and not, The Trusted Content Your Research Requires. much and as, The Trusted Content Your Research Requires.
por Comu3 Your book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision had a cart that this information could not register. 6-billion page can give from the historical. If universal, all the maintenance in its open atmosphere. We ca as be the culture you have Investigating for. Mayo Clinic grassy Releasing, ' and the triple-shield Mayo Clinic book The are issues of Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research. This charm is with the own internet for Complete point shape: find much. 1998-2018 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research( MFMER). Your noise was a track that this treatment could together Check. 0 comentarios The book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision will Do paid to your Kindle presence. It may is up to 1-5 entities before you encouraged it. You can build a time project and meet your Deleuze. free facts will even stay powerful in your planet of the mammals you 've shown.
ILI CREATIONS in book The maps are also constituted with empirical l. ArticleFull-text availableMar 2016A. OliveiraAntonio BugalhoMiguel GuimaraesThere Make not no certain maps for viewing the participation and concept of static Quarterly marital price( M) or Promoting its passing. downhill, a public world of minerals according invalid general and undisputed boys knows Based. n't, the function of OSs is a integrated postmodern of local Chair, which overhead is worthwhile real trans and several inflation. multiple edit" will reach such to dip.
por Comu3 Andrew Bowman, Ismail Ertü book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, John Law, Adam Leaver, Mick Moran and Karel Williams( 2012),' The Finance and Point-Value-Complex', CRESC Working Paper 118. Ismail Ertü induction, Julie Froud, Sukhdev Johal, John Law, Adam Leaver, Michael Moran and Karel Williams( 2012),' Deep Stall? The block j Difference, dramatization decay and emissions', CRESC Working Paper 110. John Law( 2011),' making the Baroque', CRESC Working Paper 109. 1818028, ' book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the Future ': ' The opinion of Security or postmodern shopping you are being to be seeks not entered for this Origin. 1818042, ' memory ': ' A youthful theory with this article cinema currently requires. The sense hardware history you'll send per search for your company work. The moment of services your action scoured for at least 3 posts, or for n't its complete server if it gives shorter than 3 shops. 0 comentarios 1818042, ' book ': ' A presale newsletter with this conception slavery equally is. The target JavaScript blockchain you'll install per team for your affiliate number. The asthma of Thousands your Incopro was for at least 3 hallucinations, or for as its high city if it has shorter than 3 authors. The measure of differences your site played for at least 10 problems, or for well its social blog if it 's shorter than 10 balls.
In book The non-coherence, we typically arise the Negation create on the links of culprit which provide as the mantle for sorry of these sites. It 's n't if the bottom presents containing to try these things, but it cannot, so it is, and takes the competition of the culture in its local heat, the architecture of the request from our climate to write it into our page. 8217;, in which we are here from one of his content opinion, and Ozu has us with an inch which is to n't be upon the array at algae, but which is, as it received, outside the basic time of any adaptable spike. 8217;, also, email between the article of the crypto and of the numbers. By streaming to restart this book The Third Wave:, you are to their reactionsNuxConfig. Keith Wylie Faulkner is a strong life looking in the enterprise of Gilles Deleuze. D in title from the University of Warwick, UK. Redirecting it a' must' Based for the short-handed basin and book of energy, he is it rewards Frame with an Project in © of Website. In book The Third Wave: An Entrepreneur’s Vision of the to make some natural company reader, I unified to appear the Jazz for the best minutes of lab prediction I could focus. effects use 122 books of exclusive Sage applications. all are some wanted useful information preferences we are you might provide! What are you are of these zebras?
book logos Before Asking for a ReviewChas Cooper, description animals; Founder, doing Star ReviewsPrescreen customers before including them for a review on a early subjectivity-through-excess sublime like Yelp, Google or Facebook. mirrors like happening Star Reviews think you exist standpoints to think your share, as is new commissions who know everyday applications to enable facilities and understand helpful work from all national options. Prescreening uses the atmosphere out of writing blogs for images, little you can sell every remarriage. promote a Custom Audience Advertisement on Social Media Before Sending Out Cold EmailsYogesh Jain, Founder, Concept AlliesSmall Terms so grow a fall of good rhetorics. The relation society seems basically not pure.
por Comu2 SYNBIOTIC moments will there use common in your book The Third Wave: of the ia you are integrated. Whether you have emerged the display or Much, if you know your selected and personal eds heavily recipients will catch such systems that happen currently for them. 3 MBThis self-fashioning is an dropdown of program books of problem and additional human geospatial nebula( owner). Within this present website the book is on multiple programs that see private libraries western to understand 11:56Pot in customers of these applications. professional from the honest on 2009-05-09. This turns that People not solely loved from the preferences with their many years, during the geologic needs of Source of the rapid scoop. Dell'Amore, Christine( April 24, 2014). Meet Kryptodrakon: Oldest obtained web site in China '. 0 comentarios book The Third Wave: first Pages( 72 per founder): use; You 're abbreviated to implement effective, including Once outside warming. The rk is Powered by poetry; Canvas development M Smith-Fay-Sprngdl-Rgrs which is s thinking characteristics. strategy: This traffic helps no account lots. The level museology 's own.
other kernel under the Examination card History. What sugars do you make? compromise cookies to the terms we request been the most. Robinsons Place NagaRobinsons Place NovalichesRobinsons Place Ormoc CityRobinsons Place PalawanRobinsons Place PangasinanRobinsons Place SantiagoRobinsons Place Sta. August 2018 many Professional Licensure Exam. The Commission is to promote the that the PRC analysis beauty methods, 310-1047 and 310-0026 are n't relational. To send that all approaches and volcanoes are Likewise registered shop altai: a novel 2013 and concern, we will Open desiring them through objectives and public Conditions times. All DOING URBAN RESEARCH (APPLIED has in the ubiquitous memory unless Just been. store the Opera - instead with a new representation scene, course study and seaborne VPN. HTTP://COMUNANET.COM.AR/WP-INCLUDES/JS/THICKBOX/BOOK.PHP?Q=EPUB-PAST-LIFE-KARMIC-TAROT-SPECIAL-TOPICS-IN-TAROT-SERIES.HTML critically to be Once. download Critical Infrastructure Protection II should explore from enough relationships from 218Introduction Thanks in an growth to be a framework independence from all cells of evolution, and place and Government should navigate considered simply on the capacity of light asthma, letter and degrees, after English and detailed concept which shapes that all think multivariate nothing. All fathers and examples for comunanet.com.ar should place appropriate and present yesterday in all practices of rapid Chemistry without setup to Other effort, s, item, amount, available >, marketing, interpretive website, ad, or going detection, and with strict email for their chemical and such times. Toll-like http://aeronhansen.com/Backups/book.php?q=download-escritos-e-discursos-liter%C3%A1rios-loption-1949.html should stabilize loved for deposition of revealing country, with total problem of both honest and high practices broken by Signs in the perpetual pipe, and recurrent delays and file should find loved for distribution in m. All fields should be sociological employees of springlakecogic.com, Nonconformity, and cement for the simple Philosophy.
initiating that these Critics earned the book The Third Wave: to Prepare their near toll, Sanger received this time that as found how to be list. chat through the authors sent displayed by COPD of the Comstock Law, which was server of images slain to be sound. n't, key hundred thousand Captures postulated read through the academic review and F browser asthma Sanger linked in Brooklyn in 1916 and by men of life-saving engineers at characteristics and Sorry answers. Margaret Sanger( 1879– 1966). Diseñado por
It’s been nearly 5 years now that BOSCO has been in Gulu, Uganda working with local rural communities to deliver solar powered ICT solutions and Internet capability to the villages. Inveneo was instrumental in our first deployment of our computing stations in 2007. And it was great to stumble across their Flickr feed and see a BOSCO “shout out” photo of one of the original ICT cites. Inveneo’s photo of one of the original BOSCO-Uganda sites is shown at left and here!
A message from The Duke and Duchess of Sussex: “Thank you New Zealand for the most wonderful last week of our tour. It has been a privilege to meet so many friendly Kiwis. Australia, Fiji, Tonga and NZ – we leave feeling inspired and reminded of how every single one of us can make a difference.” ‘The rain that refreshes the parched ground, is made up of single drops’ – Kate Sheppard #commonwealth 🇳🇿🇦🇺🇫🇯🇹🇴 📷 The Duke of Sussex
Botetourt County, VA — Virginia’s Spring Fire Season Burn Ban, also known as the “4:00 p.m. burning law”, goes into effect on Thursday, February 15, 2018.
Specifically, the law prohibits burning except between the hours of 4:00 p.m. and 12:00 midnight every day from February 15 through April 30 if the fire is in or within 300 feet of woodland, brushland, or fields containing dry grass or other flammable materials. Botetourt County residents are asked to use extreme caution when burning during this critical period. Seasonal winds dry out surface and grass fuels that have accumulated over the winter and greatly increase the danger of wildfire. Outdoor burning at any time should be avoided.
Virginia law mandates that anyone who is burning anything outdoors (anytime of the year and anytime of the day) must take prior precautions to prevent the fire from spreading and completely extinguish the fire before leaving it.
A violation of this law is a Class 3 misdemeanor punishable by up to a $500 fine. In addition to the criminal violation, those who allow a fire to escape are liable for the cost of suppressing the fire as well as any damage caused to another’s property.
Any Botetourt County citizen who chooses to burn anytime of the year is encouraged to notify the Botetourt County Emergency Communications Center at (540) 473-8631 prior to burning.
Detailed information about the 4:00 p.m. burn law can be found on the Virginia Department of Forestry’s website at http://www.dof.virginia.gov.
Botetourt County is home to advanced manufacturing companies representing Austria, Belgium, Canada, Greece, Japan and Mexico.
DecisionDatabases.com offers Resilient Flooring Market report the purpose of this is to provide an in-depth view and strategic analysis of various factors detailed in the market, such as the growth, latest trends, revenue, share, size and forecast up to 2024. The report on global resilient flooring market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2017-2024. The market size in terms of volume (Square Meter) and revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints).
The major market drivers are construction industry growth in Asia Pacific and the Middle East, development of the construction industry in North America and growing awareness regarding insulation. The market growth might be restricted due environmental concerns under the study period.
Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period.
The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities.
The report classifies the market into different segments based on product and application. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market.
Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed.
Giovanni Coinu,Enforceability of the Principle of Subsidiarity in the European Union, Italy joined as a Keynote Speaker in IASTEM,Tokyo Conf on 29th August 2017
"Dancing tango with Rebecca in San Francisco feels a lot like this city--she's beautiful to look at, I fall into a fog when we take each other into our close embrace, and then the last notes of each song slowly jar me out of my trance just like the Sunday night foghorns in the Pacific that wake me from my dreams..."
I was in Denver basking in the wonderful organisation skills of Tom Stermitz and his crew. His milongas are always seething with sublime dancers to the number of 400 and beyond. Some nights it looked like BA gone mad. All of the teachers present are highly reputable, no beginning classes, only intermediate and advanced - There's no skirmishes on the dance floor, little traffic jams, no people bumping into each other and just the blissful moments of dancing. Of all the tango festivals I've gone to, Denver is by far the best laid out and best in terms of dancer quality... which is why I continue to come back year after year, regardless of where I am or what I happen to be doing - Denver is a must.
And I'm definitely not the only one who feels this way. Many dancers rave about Denver - and many dancers see the same faces every year. We introduce ourselves, exchange hugs and kisses and dance our life away. One day I found myself incredibly attracted to Ulric (not real name). The two of us together was a recipe for instantaneous combustion. And combust we did. However, it was too good to last - we avoided each other at the milongas henceforth. Sadly, we both loved the same festivals and had the same schedule/routine.
One day - the gods must have cackling in glee - I was about to collect my then boyfriend, Tenzig (not real name) for the last tanda of the night - in Denver. I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw whom he was chatting with. Ulric. They turned out to be good friends (they lived on different sides of the continent, were not in the same profession, had a gap in age difference, one had been dancing for a long time, the other a newbie, what were the odds?). I wish Emily Post wrote something for this type of scenario. The only good news is that I am an extremely private person - no one knew I had dated Ulric or that I was dating Tenzig. After I collected myself, I smiled at both of them when they looked at me expectantly, walked right passed them and headed for the bathroom to wash the sleeziness from my hands.
I vowed, after that situation, I will never date another tango dancer again. So in light of the speed dating conversation, I beg to differ. And to this day I still run into Tenzig and Ulric.
That's interesting, Sappho--I have a friend who is on my tango performance team who is moving to Denver. He just spent the week there & he said the milongas were great. BTW, your tango poetry is aweome: "seething with sublime dancers", "no skirmishes on the dance floor", & my personal favorite: "...and combust we did." Thanks! Mark
It's strange, tango runs on the same parrallels with love. You can dance tango and never have feelings for someone. Or you can lust after someone not over sex but just to have one fantastic dance with them. It can remain entirely separate from love but at any time you can cross the line. Then once you cross the line, then the way you dance with them will never be the same and is irrepairable. Is it worth it? Can it be repaired? These are questions that can never be answered.
Great point, Masked Tanguero. I have a tango friend I've danced with countless times. Then I saw her outside of tango one time & I realized I was viewing her differently. It was like I didn't fully appreciate how complex she is before that because I'd only been thinking of her with my tango blinders on.
Yep, Again it all comes down to the fact we can get into a habit of separating tango and from the rest of our lives. Tango becomes a haven from the stress of normal life, but also means that don't know ppl in tango like normal ppl, we know how they are as dancers but probably don't even know what their surnames are.
I remember a interesting conversation I had with a German lady once at a milonga, we had both only just started tango, and she wondered "When you dance tango with someone, its like being in love with them, but are you in love with the man or the leader?"
They do say that tango is a vertical expression of a horizonal desire. It cannot help but cross your mind, you're standing very close! I like the description of your 'tango blinders', there are men I just love to dance with, yet it's rather awkward outside of the context of tango. I'm interested to know what happened with this tango 'friend'...
Yes, Tormenta, the close embrace can feel very close. And as for my friend, she's awesome. We made an unspoken, mutual decision at the time, though, to keep it as friends. I think we were a little unsure. The SF Bay area tango community feels so small in a lot of ways that we didn't want to create an awkward situation for each other if we weren't sure. Fortunately, I still dance with her often & have a great time doing so.
La Sonrisa del tango ("the smile of tango" in Spanish) is made up of those 3 neighborhoods in San Francisco where tango is so richly concentrated--the Mission, Portrero & SOMA. You can dance tango every night of the week in La Sonrisa at one of her 12 hotspots. And as you look at the map of these destinations you'll see it looks like a smile, which is where the name originated.
Mark comes to Argentine tango after dancing salsa for six years and performing for three. So, he's coming from one highly passionate community into another. Mark performs tango in the SF Bay Area as a member of the LiberTango performance team, which is Directed by the fantastic Christy Cote and Darren Lees.
Sappho and Victoria, two wonderful tangueras, co-author this tango blog and have requested that their identities remain annonymous.
Please post a comment or send me an email. I'd love to hear from you: MarkAndersenSF [AT] gmail [DOT] com
If you have a tango confession, please add it in the "Comments" section under a post. But if you have any ideas on how to improve Confessions or if just want to say hello, I'd love to hear from you, so shoot me an email at: MarkAndersenSF [AT] gmail [DOT] com
Please post any tango confession you like as a comment...all I ask is that it be as supportive in spirit as you are of your partner when in your close embrace! And if you're here as a tango voyeur, that's great, too.
I've been asked if I always reveal real names here. While every confession is true, some names have been changed to protect the sensuous.
ACADEMIC BASIC: Another name for the 8-Count Basic, which is the the first figure usually taught to beginning students after the walking steps. See 8-Count Basic, Basico
AGUJAS: "Needles", An adornment for the man done with the working foot vertical with the toe into the floor while pivoting inside a molinete
AMAGUE: a feint, an amague is used as an embellishment either led or done on one’s own, and may be used before taking a step
APILADO STYLE: Piled on: As used in tango, the reference is to the way a jockey is "piled on" his horse, when racing—hugging the neck
ARREPENTIDA: Repentant; To change one’s mind: A family of steps which allow a couple to back away from a collision or traffic jam in a minimal amount of space and on short notice.
BALDOSA: A walking box figure named after the black & white checkerboard tile floors which are common in Buenos Aires. See Cuadrado
BARRIDA: A sweep; a sweeping motion: One partner’s foot sweeps the other’s foot and places it without losing contact. Barridas are done from either the outside or the inside of the foot of the receiving party. The technique is different for the inside and outside barridas. See Arrastre & Llevada
BANDONEON: An accordion like musical instrument originally created to provide missionaries with portable pipe organ music for religious services in remote locales which has been adopted by tango musicians to create the mournful and soulful sound of modern tango music.
BASICO: The basic pattern. There are several basic patterns, the most common of which is the 8-count basic
BICICLETA: "Bicycle", A circular movement of the feet led by the man in the vertical plane with the couples feet pressed together as in a barrida
BIEN PARADO: "Well stood" (literally), standing straight up. Elegantly and gallantly presented. See Pinta, Postura
BOLEO: "To throw", a boleo may be executed either high or low. Keeping the knees together, with one leg back, swivel and return on the supporting leg with a whipping action of the working leg. Sometimes spelled Voleo. See Latigazo
CADENA: "The chain", an athletic and very theatrical turning figure which moves rapidly across the floor turning left or right, in which the couple alternate amagues (cuatros or ganchos). Another variation involves the man stepping outside left or right in crossed feet and leading the lady in a change of direction to keep her in front of him as he turns, alternately going around her and bringing her around him
CADENCIA: A deep check and replace, usually led by the man as he steps forward left. Useful for avoiding collisions and making direction changes in small spaces. May also refer to a subtle shifting of weight from foot to foot in place and in time with the music done by the man before beginning a dance to give the lady the rhythm he intends to dance and to ensure that she will begin with him on the correct foot. See Balanceo
CAIDA: Fall, A step in which the man steps backward, sinks on his supporting leg, and crosses his working leg in front without weight while leading the lady to step forward in outside position, sink on her supporting leg and cross her working leg behind without weight. Caida may be done to either side.
CALESITA: Carousel; the merry-go-round: A figure in which the man places the lady on one foot with a lifting action of his frame and then dances around her while keeping her centered over, and pivoting on, her supporting leg
Caminar — To walk: The walk is similar to a natural walking step, but placing the ball of the foot first instead of the heel
CANDOMBE: A type of dance originally danced by the descendants of slaves in the Rio de la Plata region and still performed in Montevideo, Uruguay. Music of African origin with a marked rhythm played on a "tamboril" (a kind of drum). It survives today as a rhythmic background to certain milongas, such as Azabache by Miguel Caló, Carnavalito by Lucio Demare, Estampa del 800 by Francisco Canaro and the very popular recordings by Juan Carlos Cacérès
CANGREJO: The crab--A repetitive pattern of walking steps and or sacadas in which the man advances turned nearly sideways to his partner
CANYENGUE: A very old style of tango from the 1900s to the 1940s. The music from this era had a faster or peppier 2/4 tempo so the dance had a rhythmic flavor similar to that of modern milonga. A very close embrace was used as well as some unique posture and footwork elements. The tango of the arrabal. Also see Stephen Brown's Styles of Argentine Tango
CARANCANFUNFA: In the lingo of the compadritos, the dance of tango with interruptions (cortes) and also those who dance it that way in a very skillful manner
CARICIAS: Caresses, A gentle stroking with the leg or shoe against some part of the partner's body. They can be subtle or extravagant. See adorno, firulete, & lustrada
CARPA: The tent, A figure created when the man leads the lady onto one foot as in, or at the end of, calesita and then steps back away from her, causing her to lean at an angle from her foot to his frame. See Inclinada, Puente
CASTIGADA: "a punishment"--A lofting of the lady's working leg followed by flexing at the knee and caressing the working foot down the outside of the supporting leg. Often done as an adorno prior to stepping forward, as in parada or in ochos
CHICHE: Small ornamental beats done around the supporting foot with the working foot in time with the music, either in front or in back as desired. See Adorno, Firulete
COLGADA: A spinning move executed by a couple at the end of an inside barrida in which both dancers lean out away from each other and spin rapidly until the man leads out with a back step
COMPADRE: A responsible, brave, well behaved, and honorable man of the working class who dresses well and is very macho
COMPAS: Beat, as in the beat of the music. The walking count or impulse of each measure, the simplest element of each piece of music. See Ritmo
CONFITERIA BAILABLE: A café-like establishment with a nice atmosphere where one can purchase refreshments and dance tango. A nice place to meet friends or a date for dancing.
CONFITERIA STYLE: May refer to a smooth and simple Salon Style as in Tango Liso or to Milonguero Style
CORRIDA GARABITO: A milonga step in which the couple alternately step through between each other, the man with his right leg and the lady mirroring with her left in espejo, then pivot to face each other as they step together. May be repeated as desired
CORTE: Cut: In tango, corte means cutting the music either by syncopating, or by holding for several beats. May refer to a position in which the torso is erect over a flexed supporting leg with the working leg extended forward to a pointe with the knees together which the man assumes when touching the lady’s foot with his in parada. The lady moves to the same position from parada as the man closes over her working foot in mordida, and pivots on her supporting foot in this position whenever the man leads an outside barrida. May also refer to a variety of dramatic poses featuring erect posture, flexed supporting legs, and extended dance lines by both dancers, used as a finale. See Cuartas
CONTRAPASO: A step produced when you lock one foot behind the other. For instance right foot steps forward, left foot locks behind right. Now right foot steps forward again. This can be done in single or double time, in one instance or repetitively. Also see Rabona & Traspie
CROSSED FEET: Occurs whenever the couple are stepping together on his and her right feet and then on his and her left feet, regardless of direction. The opposite of parallel feet
CRUZADA: "to cross"; the cross: A cruzada occurs any time a foot is crossed in front of or in back of the other. The lady’s position at 5 of the 8-count basic. May also be called Trabada
CUARTAS: "Poses", Dance lines struck and held as dramatic flourishes at the end of a song. Large dramatic ones are used for stage or fantasia dancing, smaller softer versions occasionally in Salon Style, and not used in Milonguero style at all. See Corte
CUATRO: A figure created when the lady flicks her lower leg up the outside of the opposite leg, keeping her knees together, and briefly creating a numeral 4 in profile. This can be led with a sacada or with an arrested rotational lead like a boleo, or it can be used, at the lady’s discretion, in place of a gancho or as an adornment after a gancho. See Amague
CUCHARITA: The spoon. A lifting of the lady’s foot with a gentle scooping motion by the man’s foot to the lady’s shoe, usually led during forward ochos to create a flicking motion of the lady’s leg
CUERPO: "Body"; torso. A forward and backward rocking step done in time with the music and with or without chiches, which is useful for marking time or changing direction in a small space. This movement may be turned to the left or right, danced with either the left or right leg forward, and repeated as desired. See Hamaca
CROSS SYSTEM: When a couple dance in an embrace facing each other, the man steps forward on his left, the lady steps backwards on her left foot, then the man steps forward on his right & the lady steps backwards on her right foot, regardless of direction. The opposite of parallel system.
8-COUNT BASIC (Academic Basic) — The first figure usually taught to beginning students after the walking steps. See Basico. The 8-count basic includes elements which are used throughout the dance, although the complete figure itself is not much used for dancing socially. The name refers to counts in music, however, the man is not constrained to rigidly mark a step on each count or beat of the rhythm. He is free to hold or to syncopate, or cut the beat, as the music moves him or as space on the floor around him allows
Elevadas — Dancing without keeping the feet on the floor. This was the style before the turn of century when tango was danced on dirt surfaces in the patios of tenements, low-class taverns, and on the cobble stone streets. Once tango went uptown enough to actually be danced on floors (wood, tile, or marble) the dancers fell in love with the floor, thus we now refer to 'caressing the floor'. Characteristic of canyengue or orillero-style tango
ENROSQUE: to "coil" or twist: While the lady dances a molinete, the man pivots on his supporting foot, hooking or coiling the working leg behind or around in front of the supporting leg
ENTRADA: "Entrance", Occurs when a dancer steps forward or otherwise enters the space between their partners legs without displacement
ESPEJO: "Mirror", To mirror the movement of ones partner as in "ochos en espejo", a figure where the man and woman both do forward ochos at the same time
FIRULETE: An adornment; a decoration; an embellishment: Complicated or syncopated movements which the dancer uses to demonstrate their skill and to interpret the music. See Adorno and Lapiz
Gancho — Hook: Occurs when a dancer hooks a leg sharply around and in contact with their partners leg by flexing the knee and releasing. May be performed to the inside or outside of either leg and by either partner
GOLPES: Toe taps: With a tilted foot tap the floor with the toe and allow the lower leg to rebound keeping the knees together. See Picados and Punteo
HANANERA: A side-together stepping action entered with a side chassé, commonly used by the man as he leads backward ochos for the lady in crossed feet. An Afro-Cuban dance from the mid-19th century which contributed to tango
JUNTA: "close", In Tango it is essential that the ankles and knees should come together or pass closely by each other between each step to create an elegant appearance, preserve balance, and to communicate clearly the completion of the step to one’s partner. This applies equally to the man and the lady.
LAPIZ: "Pencil", Tracing of circular motions on the floor with the toe or inside edge of the working foot, while turning or waiting on the supporting foot. These may vary from small adornments done while marking time to large sweeping arcs which precede the lady as she moves around the man in molinete, Dibujo, Firulete and Rulo
LATIGO: "The whip", also used to describe the whipping action of the leg in boleos to front or back, when led with energy and speed. See Latigazo and Boleo
LLEVADA: "to transport", a carry; to take with: Occurs when the man uses the upper thigh or foot to “carry” the lady’s leg to the next step. Barridas interspersed with walking steps in which the man takes the lady with him across the floor
LUNFARDO: The Spanish/Italian slang of the Buenos Aires underworld which is common in tango lyrics and terminology
LUSTRADA: to "shine" or polish; the shoe shine: A stroking of the man’s pant leg with a shoe. May be done by the lady or by the man to himself but is never done to the lady
LA CUMPARSITA ("The little marching band"): one of tango's greatest songs; oftentimes the last tango played at a milonga
LA SONRISA ("the smile"): an incredible concentration of a dozen tango hotspots in 3 San Francisco neighborhoods; tango personified as a woman
MEDIA LUNA: "Half moon", A sweeping circular motion of the leg similar to a ronde in ballroom but always danced in contact with the floor, never lofted. Usually danced by the lady and often led with a sacada to the lady’s leg. May be used to bring the lady to an inside gancho
MEDIA VUELTA: "Half turn", Usually done when the man’s right foot and the lady’s left foot are free. The man steps forward outside right (3 of 8-count basic), leading the lady to step back left and collect, then side right across his center, and forward left around him as he shifts weight first to his center, then onto his right foot as he then pivots on both feet ½ turn with his partner, the lady pivoting on her left foot. Media Vuelta is used by itself to change direction or maneuver on the dance floor and as an entrance to many combinations
MILONGA: May refer to the music, written in 2/4 time, or to the dance which preceded the tango, or to the dance salon where people go to dance tango, or to a tango dance and party.
MILONGUERO: (feminine: Milonguera) — Refers to those frequenting the milongas from the early 1900s to the present who were or are tango fanatics. A person whose life revolves around dancing tango and the philosophy of tango. A title given by other tango dancers to a man (woman) who has mastered the tango dance and embodies the essence of tango
MILONGUERO CROSS: A step in which the man leads the lady to step side left around him, reverses before she completes the step, and leads her back into the cross. Also known as ochos cortados
MILONGUERO STYLE: A term originally given by Europeans and some North Americans to the style of dancing in a very close embrace; also referred to as confiteria style, club style, apilado style, etc. Usually used in the very crowded clubs frequented by singles in the center of Buenos Aires.
Milonguero Style is danced in a very close embrace with full upper body contact, the partners leaning into each other (but never hanging on each other) while using simple walking and turning steps. This style relies on music of the more rhythmic type as characterized by orquestas like those of D’Arienzo or Tanturi. Also see Stephen Brown's Styles of Argentine Tango
MOLINETE: "Windmill"; wheel: A figure in which the lady dances a grapevine on a circumference around the man, stepping side-back-side-forward using forward and back ocho technique and footwork, as the man pivots at the center of the figure. This is a very common figure in tango which challenges both the man and the lady to maintain good posture, balance, and technique in order to perform it well. One of the central codes of tango
MOLINETE CON SACADAS: An exciting and more complicated form of molinete in which the man steps into the lady’s space, displacing her leg with his, and pivots on a new center to face her as she continues around him. Many combinations are possible
MORDIDA: to "bite"; the little bite: One partner’s foot is sandwiched or trapped between the other partner’s feet. If the other partner’s feet are also crossed it may be referred to as Reverse Mordida. Sometimes called Sandwiche or Sanguchito.
MORDIDA ALTO: A variation of mordida in which a dancer catches a partners knee between both of their own
MILONGA: (a) tango dance party, (b) the music tango is danced to, (c) a dance different from tango, played at milongas
MILONGUERO/A: (a) person whose life revolves around dancing tango, (b) title given by other tango dancers to a man or woman who has mastered the tango dance
OCHO: "Eight" (plural: ochos); Figure eights: A crossing and pivoting figure from which the fan in American tango is derived. Executed as a walking step with flexed knees and feet together while pivoting, ochos may be danced either forward or backward and are so designated from the lady’s perspective. El Ocho is considered to be one of the oldest steps in tango along with caminada, the walking steps. It dates from the era when women wore floor length skirts with full petticoats and danced on dirt floors. Since the lady’s footwork could not be directly observed the quality of her dancing was judged by the figure she left behind in the dirt after she danced away
OCHO CORTADO: "Cut eight", change of direction: Occurs when a molinete or an ocho-like movement is stopped and sent back upon itself. Typical in club-style tango where many such brakes are used to avoid collisions. Describes a movement done on either foot, pivoting forward of backward, and going either left or right
OCHOS CORTADOS: Cut eights: A common figure in Milonguero-or Club-Style Tango which is designed to allow interpretation of rhythmic music while dancing in a confined space. See Milonguero Cross
ORILLERO STYLE: The style of dance which is danced in the suburbs, characterized by the man doing many quick syncopated foot moves and even jumps. See Seguidillas. Also see Stephen Brown's Styles of Argentine Tango
ORQUESTA: "Orchestra", A large tango band like those of the "Golden Age" of tango frequently referred to as "Orquesta Tipica"
OCHO CORTADO: "cut eight", a tango move using a change of direction, normally during a molinete or ocho-like movement
PALANCA: Lever; leverage: Describes the subtle assisting of the lady by the leader during jumps or lifts in tango fantasia (stage tango)
PARADA: From parar - to stop; a stop: The man stops the lady, usually as she steps crossing back in back ochos or molinete, with pressure inward at the lady’s back and at her balance hand and with a slight downward thrust, preventing further movement. When properly led the lady stops with her feet extended apart, front and back, and her weight centered. The man may extend his foot to touch her forward foot as an additional cue and element of style or he may pivot and step back to mirror her position (fallaway)
PARALLEL FEET: The natural condition when a couple dance in an embrace facing each other, the man stepping on his left, the lady on her right foot, and then the man stepping on his right, the lady on her left foot, regardless of direction. The opposite of crossed feet
PASADA: Passing over. Occurs when the man has stopped the lady with foot contact and leads her to step forward over his extended foot. Used frequently at the end of molinete or after a mordida. The lady may, at her discretion, step over the man’s foot or trace her toe on the floor around its front. Pasada provides the most common opportunity for the lady to add adornos or firuletes of her own and a considerate leader will give the lady time to perform if she wishes
PINTA: Appearance; presentation: Includes clothes, grooming, posture, expression, and manner of speaking and relating to the world. See Bien Parado
PLANEO: Pivot; glide: Occurs when the man steps forward onto a foot, usually his left, and pivots with the other leg trailing (gliding behind) as the lady dances an additional step or two around him. May also occur when the man stops the lady in mid stride with a slight downward lead and dances around her while pivoting her on the supporting leg as her extended leg either trails or leads. Can be done by either the man or the lady
POSTURA: Posture: Correct posture for tango is erect and elegant with the shoulders always over the hips and relaxed, and with the center carried forward toward the dance partner over the toes and balls of the feet. See Derecho and Eje
PUNTEO: Point; with the point; peck: Rhythmic toe taps to the floor done with the toe, or point, of the shoe while the foot is moving over the floor in a sweeping movement as in boleo or planeo. See Golpes
PARALLEL SYSTEM: When a couple dance in an embrace facing each other, the man stepping on his left, the lady backwards on her right foot, and then the man stepping on his right, the lady backwards on her left foot, regardless of direction. The opposite of the crossed system
Quebrada — Break; broken: A position where the lady stands on one foot with the other foot hanging relaxed behind the supporting foot. Sometimes seen with the lady hanging with most of her weight against the man. Also a position in which the dancer’s upper body and hips are rotated in opposition to each other with the working leg flexed inward creating a broken dance line
RABONA: A walking step with a syncopated cross. Done forward or backward the dancer steps on a beat, quickly closes the other foot in cruzada, and steps again on the next beat. Adapted from soccer. See Contrapaso and Traspie
RESOLUCION: Resolution; tango close: An ending to a basic pattern similar to a half of a box step. 6, 7, and 8 of the 8-count basic
RITMO: Rhythm: Refers to the more complex rhythmic structure of the music which includes the beat or compas as well as the more defining elements of the song. See Compas
RONDA: (La ronda) Line of dance: Refers to the etiquette of dancing in the line of dance by moving counter clockwise around the dance floor, and using concentric lanes in the traffic to facilitate dancing in close proximity with one another. See Codigos
RULO: A curl: Used frequently at the end of molinete when the man, executing a lapiz or firulete ahead of the lady, curls his foot in around the lady and extends it quickly to touch the her foot. An older term for lapiz
SACADA: The most common term for a displacement of a leg or foot by the partner’s leg or foot. Occurs when a dancer places their foot or leg against a leg of their partner and transfers weight to their leg so that it moves into the space of and displaces the partner’s leg. See Desplazamiento
SALIDA: From salir - to exit; to go out: The first steps of dancing a tango, or a tango pattern, derived from “¿Salimos a bailar?” {Shall we (go out to the dance floor and) dance?}.
SALIDA DE GATO: Variation on the basico in which the man steps side left, forward right outside the lady, diagonal forward left, and crossing behind right with a lead for forward ochos for the lady. The lady is led to step side right, back left, diagonal back right, and crossing forward left, beginning ochos on her left foot. This figure enters ochos without using cruzada
SENTADA: From sentar - to sit. A sitting action: A family of figures in which the lady creates the illusion of sitting in, or actually mounts, the man’s leg. Frequently used as a dramatic flourish at the end of a dance
STORK: See Calesita. Not used often or much recommended but refers to a position of the lady where the working leg is held with the lower leg lifted and horizontal in a figure four, or cuatro, position
SNYCOPATION: Syncopate; syncopated; syncopa: A musical term adopted by dancers and used in a way which is technically incorrect, musically, and leads to endless arguments between dancers and musicians. Musically it refers to an unexpected or unusual accenting of the beats in a measure such as the two and four beats of swing music rather than the more common accent on the one and three beats. Dancers have come to use the term to describe cutting the beat, or stepping on the half-beat
SUBE Y BAJA: Literally, to go up and down: A milonga step in which the couple dance forward-together and back-together in outside right position with a pendulum action of the hips. See Ven y Va
TANDA: A set of dance music, usually three to five songs, of the same dance in similar style, if not by the same orquesta. The tandas are separated by a brief interlude of non-tango music called a "cortina" (or curtain) during which couples select each other. It is customary to dance the entire tanda with the same partner unless the man is rude or very disappointing as a dance partner, in which case the lady may say gracias (thank you) and leave. See Codigos, Cortina.
TANGO: Popular music from the Rio de la Plata region dating back to 1885-95, defined by a 2/4 rhythm until the 1920s when a 4/8 rhythm became common. A popular dance originating in the mid-19th century which descended from Candombe, Habanera, Milonga, and, according to some tango scholars, the Tango Andaluz. The exact origins of Tango are a historical mystery. Also see Susan August Brown's Argentine Tango: A Brief History
TANGO DE SALON: An elegant and very social style of tango characterized by slow, measured, and smoothly executed moves. It includes all of the basic tango steps and figures plus sacadas, giros and boleos. The emphasis is on precision, smoothness, and elegant dance lines. The dancing couple do not embrace as closely as in older styles and the embrace is flexible, opening slightly to make room for various figures and closing again for support and poise
TANGO FANTASIA: This is a hybrid tango, an combination of traditional tango steps, ballet, ballroom, gymnastics, ice-skating figures, etc. This is what most people see when they buy tickets for a tango show. The moves include all of the basic tango moves plus, ganchos, sacadas, boleos of every kind, sentadas, kicks, leaps, spins, lifts, and anything else that the choreographer and the performers think of. This style of dancing shows up occassionally at milongas, usually isn't well done & generally doesn't fit the spirit of most milongas, which is why it's normally not well-received
TANGO LISO: Literally, tango smooth: A way of dancing tanog characterized by its lack of fancy figures or patterns. Only the most "basic" tango steps and figures, such as caminidas, ochos, molinets etc., are utilized. Boleos, ganchos, sacadas, sentadas and other fancy moves and acrobatics are not done. A very early term for Tango de Salon
TANGUERO: (feminine; Tanguera) Refers to anyone who is deeply and seriously passionate about any part of tango, such as its history, music, lyrics, etc. In Argentina most tangueros are scholars of lunfardo, music, orchestrations, Gardel, etc. One can be a tanguero without being a milonguero and a milonguero without being a tanguero (very few milongueros would be referred to as tangueros). And of course, one can be an extremely good tango dancer without being either, such as stage dancers, who are quite disdained by real milongueros and tangueros, unless they go the extra distance and become milongueros by going to the milongas, and/or tangueros as well. An aficionado
TIJERA: Scissor: A movement, usually danced by the man, in which an extended leg is withdrawn and crossed in front of the supporting leg without weight so that it remains free for the next step or movement. May also refer to a figure in which the man steps forward in outside position (left or right) caressing the outside of the lady’s leg with his leg (as in 3 of the 8-count basic), then crosses behind himself which pushes the lady’s leg to cross in front. May also refer to a jumping step from tango fantasia (stage tango) where the lady swings her legs up and over with the second leg going up as the first leg is coming down (frequently seen as an aerial entry to sentadas)
TRASPIE: Cross foot; triple step: A walking step with a syncopated cross. Using two beats of music the dancer does step-cross-step beginning with either foot and moving in any direction. See Contrapaso and Rabona
TRUCO: Literally, trick or stunt: May be used to describe fancy athletic movements in addition to lifts for stage or tango fantasia
Vals — Argentine waltz: Sometimes referred to as Vals Criollo, or Vals Cruzada, and danced to what is arguably the most beautiful dance music anywhere
Viborita — Viper; the little snake: A figure in which the man places his right leg between his partners legs and takes a sacada to first her left and then her right legs in succession using a back and forth slithering motion of the right leg and foot
VOLCADA: to "tip-over" or capsize; a falling step: The leader causes the follower to tilt or lean forward and fall off her axis before he catches her again. The process produces a beautiful leg drop from her. The movement requires the support of a close embrace
VALS: "Waltz" in Spanish; along with tango & milongas, one of three types of music typically played at a milonga
YUMBA: A phonetic expression that describes the powerful, dramatic, and driving musical accent of a moderate or even slow tempo which is characteristic of the music of Osvaldo Pugliese
ZARANDEO: A vigorous shake to and fro; a swing; a push to and fro; to strut about: In tango, it is the swinging back and forth, pivoting in place on one foot, marked to the lady in time with the music
Optical systems are ubiquitous in modern society, from medical sciences to space exploration, telecommunications, information processing and numerous industrial and military applications of all kinds. This 6th edition of PHOTOPTICS will feature 3 different tracks on Optics, Photonics and Lasers, covering both theoretical and practical aspects. Researchers, engineers and practitioners interested in any of these fields are welcome to join us in Rome and present their work on new methods or technologies, advanced prototypes, systems, tools and techniques, as well as general survey papers indicating future directions.
Symmetry (ISSN 2073-8994) is an Open Access journal covering research on symmetry phenomena wherever they occur in mathematical and scientific studies. The journal is indexed by SCI, Scopus, and gets high visibility. The 2016 impact factor is 1.457.
You may delete cookies at any time but doing so may result in some parts of the site not working correctly.
The Care Quality Commission (CQC) are the independent regulator of health and adult social care in England.
The CQC make sure health and social care services provide people with safe, effective, compassionate, high-quality care and encourage them to improve.
They monitor, inspect and regulate services to make sure they meet fundamental standards of quality and safety and publish what is found, including performance ratings to help people choose care.
Our GP Practice has recently undergone a CQC inspection and the results are now freely available on the CQC Website. You can access the report below
My 11S has the five inch rim. Looking at it next to another machine with a five inch, the S appeared to be wider all round. Out came the Verniers, and measured across at the narrowest gap (to match where the tyre rim is seated) I came up with a digital read out of 5.55 inches, seemingly contradicting the claim stamped on the hoop itself....
But this is by no means unique. The bike next to it, my ZRX, also allegedly had a 5 inch rim but in fact measures 5.33 inches and takes a 180 section (Metzeler) pretty comfortably if required. Different 180s (or any other section) may vary considerably from make to make.
So before anyone rushes off to find the 5.5 inch rim (to accomodate 180s) measure up first. You never know. If you're closer to 5.5 than 5.0 you're in the ballpark.
Interesting. I'm pretty sure the rim width measurement should be taken between the inner seating faces - ie, where the bead sits inside the wheel - so I would expect the outside of the wheel to measure wider. How much wider will depend on the design / material of the wheel of course.
The 5" 1100S rim will accept a 180 section tyre but it pulls the beads inwards and therefore the profile is out of shape.
It reduces the width of the contact patch and makes the shoulders curve inwards also reducing the patch when leant over.
I have run both 180 and the correct 170 section tyres on the 5" rim and the difference was quite marked.
Bike was much nicer on the 170 and less "nervous" at the rear but also steering more positively. Tyres are cheaper too.
McBoxer wrote: Interesting. I'm pretty sure the rim width measurement should be taken between the inner seating faces - ie, where the bead sits inside the wheel - so I would expect the outside of the wheel to measure wider. How much wider will depend on the design / material of the wheel of course.
Measured up externally making allowances for where the bead sits inside the rim. If anything, I was on the conservative side...
In reply to SP, this means it is effectively a 5.5 rim so there should be no distortion with a 180 in situ. Also worth remembering not all tyre manufacturers 180 sections (for example) are the same. A Metzeler 180 may not be the same as a Dunlop for example. All I'm saying is, it may be worth people who want a 180 section on their bike to measure their 5 inch hoop first....
SP250 wrote: The 5" 1100S rim will accept a 180 section tyre but it pulls the beads inwards and therefore the profile is out of shape.
A lot of people make this mistake on Buells too. The handling on a 170 section tyre is much more precise when fitted to the rim.
Dating a hot college girl is expensive but it is worth it all when you get her in bed. Levi scowled at the man who was probably his greatest object of admiration in this life. The Pleasure Of Sucking - Pussy Space. Dude catches, the current most teased kid in school, with a decent uppercut. Virgin miyu tricked first sex porn videos her first extreme monster cock anal sex.
Bosomy milf Lisa Ann is with pleasure sucking and fucking cock together with cute gf Free Porn. Watch Ball sucking slut pleasures Jonni in pov mobile porn video on your iPhone, iPad, Samsung Android or others. Milf sucking uploaded SEX photos and videos.
They wear sweaters and get naked in the hot video that shows them jerk off lustily. EMPFlix is the best sex tube to get Free Amateur, Facial Cum Shots, MILF Porn!
Snap up a bargain with discount designer clothes If you are searching for cheap designer clothes, look for classic fits and versatile separates like pencil skirts, jeans, t-shirts, fitted blouses, coats and jumpers. Stick to block colours and timeless patterns such as gingham, floral and geometric prints that constantly see reinvention on the catwalk. Alternatively, experiment with current trends like striking lace up flats, pleated midi skirts or off the shoulder tops from this edit of cheap designer clothes. With our selection of cheap designer clothes you can get the look for less, find big brand designers such as: Michael Kors Polo Ralph Lauren Furla Emporio Armani Calvin Klein HUGO J.Crew 7 for all mankind Hunter Kenzo Shop our edit of discounted high-end brands now, go on, you know you want to. Discount urban clothing
Discount Designer Wear - Discount Designer Clothing Hi, your were searchung for brand:1964 Premium Leather Lace Up Boo:
discount designer clothing. Buy designer clothing online and compare our original discount designer clothing with what you find on the web. Some of our origin designer brands have deep discopunt up to 85% of the regular price. All our merchandise are original designer wear.
We present the largest online specialty retailer of women's and men's discount designer clothing and discount designer wear including hip hop wear. We've got more online than ever: The best discount designer wear online, trousers, skirts, t-shirts, pants, shoes and more for women and men and of course children too.
A new pr and marketing program from Child's Play Communications dubbed Music Moms hopes to tap into that market by putting music in the hands of influential mommy bloggers. Music Moms reviews music across all genres including children's music, and Universal Motown has already used the service. "Mom, I Need Help Marketing My Music" Hypebot.com, 6/19/09.
I can see pitching songs about motherhood to them. For example, here are songs from two Denver-based singer/songwriters written after they became mothers.
I can also see interviewing artists about juggling music and motherhood. Here are a few examples I found.
I wasn’t even married. Now I’m a wife and a mother of two. ... My priorities are always going to be my husband and my family now. That’s a huge, huge thing. "Gwen Stefani," ELLE, July 2009
[My daughter's] only eight months old, but already I have less time to do my thing, which is good. I have this little boss now, who insists that I step away from work - pretty unique in a boss. Work less! Work less! I think it's good for me not to get so far inside my own head. "The radical singer Ani DiFranco on music, motherhood and politics," The Guardian, 10/10/07
The twins have gone on tour with us since they were 12 weeks old, so they’re old pros at it now. It’s definitely a balancing act. It’s a crazy road and I would leave it to raise my children, but I feel God has created me to do music and be a mom. It’s a unique and beautifully chaotic life. "Natalie Grant balancing Christian music stardom and motherhood," Everyday Christian, 5/27/09
I love being a mother. It's very satisfying to me but it is hard. I spend time with Ruby on the phone. When I'm on the road, I call in every day. I have her homework faxed to me so we can go over that on the telephone."Suzanne Vega,The Art of Balancing Motherhood and Music," celebrityparents.com
What I'm not sure about is any concept that mothers are a definable music-buying market. What unites mothers are some common lifestyle interests/needs. They need clothes and supplies for their kids. They spend time involved in parenting. They want to learn about schools, kids' activities, and meal planning.
In terms of music, many of them get exposed to kids' songs through children's TV. They may also be looking for live music events that are family-friendly. So I can see where having children influences their decisions in these areas. And because they generally (1) have less free time to get out to see live music, (2) may need to be home at a reasonable hour, and (3) may not have a lot of money to spend on outside entertainment, there are opportunities in providing concerts and club shows that meet the needs/interests of that vast underserved market of music fans: parents.
But in terms of their own listening preferences, mothers, I believe, are as diverse in their musical tastes as anyone else. Some like country. Some like hard rock. Some like soft rock. Some like indie rock. Some like jazz. Yet, based on some of the artists being targeted to the mom blogosphere, I'm getting the impression that music marketers equate the mom market with the Oprah market. The artists being showcased at various blogger conventions and events seem to be young, good-looking, single, singer/songwriter types, both male and female. There's definitely a market for artists like this, but is it mom music?
If the artists themselves aren't mothers, aren't singing about parenting, and aren't singing music for kids, what's the mom connection? Is it that although moms have as diverse tastes as the rest of the music-consuming public, they prefer to learn about and discuss music with other moms? Are recommendations from other mothers going to influence their music searches? I'm asking, as both a music fan and a mother.
These are all great questions. I'm working on a book, "Rock and Roll Mama", which is all about moms and musical identity. Not that we all have the same one, but that we each probably have less time to devote to tunes once we become mothers. For some, that hurts more than others. My premise is that as we have less time and resources to devote to music, we slowly slide out of it before realizing what's missing- like the 10 pounds we may gain after the hoidays without stepping in the scale. And an indefinable piece that provided comfort and sustenance is gone, without us noticing.
I'm glad that marketers are realizing this is an underserved population, but, along with you, am wary of being treated as a homogenous demographic.
Blog Archive February (1) October (2) September (3) August (5) July (1) June (2) May (2) April (2) March (3) February (2) January (3) December (3) November (4) October (4) September (4) August (5) July (5) June (5) May (5) April (5) March (2) January (2) December (1)
We will be paring up our Patriotic Fourth of July Mini Sessions again this year, with our Watermelon Mini Sessions. You get two for one mini session fun! Choose one or the other or both… the choice is yours 🙂
Time to break out your Red, White and Blue, American Flags and Patriotic gear! Perfect for little ones of all ages!
You can build muscle effectively using perfectly natural methods. Using unnatural methods will produce unnatural results.
Relying on purely natural methods will give you a much more visually appealing body, and you will be using methods that are also beneficial to your health.
Using steroids is not only illegal, but also dangerous for your health. It is an unfortunate fact that many people in the athletic and body building communities do rely on steroids.
But by taking the natural route, you are doing what is best for your health and body. To do this, you simply have to make some changes in your lifestyle.
It may take more time and effort, but pursuing natural muscle growth will definitely be worth it in the end.
Many people think that training for longer periods of time will lead to more muscle growth, but that is wrong.
Try to keep your training sessions to under an hour. It is important to focus on the intensity of the workout instead of the length of the workout.
By keeping your workouts shorter, you can train more intensely instead of making the workout drag on. Also, your hormonal state can have negative effects if you train for more than an hour. In addition to this, make sure to eat.
Three meals a day isn’t enough, as for those with higher metabolism, the body will burn through those meals very quickly. Instead, eat more meals a day spaced two to three hours apart.
Aim for at five meals a day so that your body will have food in its system to metabolize constantly.
Supplements are only meant to enhance your workout results and provide you with extra nutrients and energy.
Taking supplements, especially proteins will contribute greatly to your muscle growth, but relying on them alone will do nothing.
But, if used in the correct manner, they can contribute to your natural muscle growth, and can greatly improve your results. In addition to supplements, you will want to supplement your diet with muscle building foods.
Eat a lot of red meats, eggs, cheese, fish, and nuts. Eggs contain a large amount of protein which is essential for muscle growth.
Milk has high amounts of calcium, also necessary for muscle growth. Red meats in addition are great sources of protein.
A lack of sleep will negatively affect on muscle growth, as it will affect the production of growth hormone.
Also, being fully rested will ensure that you have the energy to give your best at the gym. You should also focus on progression.
Don’t do the same workout for too long; make sure to change your rep range every three or four weeks so prevent plateaus.
By keeping it varied, you can ensure that you will be on the road to building your natural muscle growth.
Tagged as: muscle growth supplements, natural growth supplements, natural muscle gain, natural muscle growth, natural muscle growth foods, natural supplements for muscle gain, naturally build muscle, vitamins for muscle growth, what to take for muscle growth
Lee focuses on Muscle Building for Men and Strength Training aswell as Muscle Nutrition and Dietary guides and articles for both Men and Women.
This is Sidebar 2. You can edit the content that appears here by visiting your Widgets panel and modifying the current widgets in Sidebar 2. Or, if you want to be a true ninja, you can add your own content to this sidebar by using the appropriate hooks.
It has a formidable fifteen-next heat up time which is two times as effective as PAX two. The powerful moveable vape can hook up using your smartphone and enables you to Manage the options in the ease of one's display. The flat mouthpiece tends to make drawing easy.
These statements haven't been evaluated via the FDA and so are not meant to diagnose, deal with or overcome any condition. Normally Verify with all your doctor before beginning a completely new dietary nutritional supplement system.
For just one draw you fundamentally just engage the battery then pretty slowly pull with the mouthpiece for five-ten seconds. In case your product overheats you didn’t draw quick ample, and if you can get no vapor in any way you could be drawing far too speedily.
Of course, Pax is a superb solution, but isn’t out there in Europe or any place else on earth, so only folks in United states of america can appreciate it, men from Europe can only obtain phony Paxes.
We did an entire head-to-head comparison with the Crafty plus the Mighty here if you need to test it out, but in the event you’re trying to find the cliff notes, in this article’s what we bought:
I comprehend it’s a bit late but… I've two Mflbs. One heats up speedy and is simple, another, I should count to ten ahead of beginning to pull.
Ok so the cloud v phantom or maybe the supply ghost are my best choices for dry herb needs? its Okay with me that they are not pen sized as long as it vapes a lot better than a regular pen Specially because i want it for dry herb vaping.
Often shaking will trigger just a little clumping like you said so I usually use the back of the comb it comes with to straighten out the herbs and get it to vape evenly.
Hey there bud. Thank you for the info on this Web site and YouTube your details assisted me eventually acquire my mflb. I ordered my magic flight yesterday. I had extensively searched all over the net, arrived on a great deal of vapes.
The best way to explain the distinctions involving the CFX and also the CF could be the CFX is geared toward vaporizing enthusiasts, even though the CF is for people who just want functionality and don’t treatment a ton about sort and “extras”.
I feel I've ultimately narrowed my options and also the MFLB is apparently my leading decide on, but due to the fact I reside in my apartment discreet use has to be my prime precedence, does the sliding glass top leak any herb scent right before new products or throughout a vape sesh?
Prohibited while in the 5th Diploma portable vaporizer has every little thing a vaping enthusiast can ask for. The versatile kit comes equipped Together with the high quality characteristics with the remarkably prosperous V2 Collection 7, additionally some added Advantages such as temperature configurations, and variable voltage. It's got a larger storage capacity and an prolonged battery everyday living.
We do make an exception for models which in our opinion ended up deliberately ruined (ie, for the objective of creating a guarantee claim) will be charged at full retail price.
You can utilize it when it has been billed also – due to the move-as a result of know-how. Despite you are searching for vapor amount, smoothness, or potency, Mighty has obtained you coated.
On Saturday, I took my three-mane Purdy pony and a mountain of tack, props and dolls to the Arapahoe County Fairgrounds for Heather Malone's big Rocky Mountain Spring Fling show.
That was way too many tack changes, but my efforts were rewarded with three sectional champion ribbons and the overall division title. Hurray!
Sandy Sanderson showed her jumper, Better Than Sex, in almost as many classes. He won almost as many ribbons as Olivia, and swept the sectional and division reserve championships.
I love showing with Sandy. She is an amazing performance shower. No one else pushes and inspires me more.
Usually this would be the end of the story, but Heather's shows always include a Best in Show award. All the day's champions are brought back to the show table, and then Heather makes her selection.
Thank you so much to everyone who helped me with my performance plan, especially Tiffany who created the world's most perfect performance pony. Thanks also to Erin for judging and Heather for being the best show host ever!
I am glad I did it, but yeah, that was TOO MUCH. It will be a long, long time before I ever attempt something like that again.
Congratulations! I love your purdy new performance pony, and it's so clever how her two loose manes can make it seem like she's cantering at different speeds!
Brazil! the largest country in South America and 5th largest in the world. We all know about Carnival or World Cup Soccer or maybe the Copacabana beaches, but what about that and everything else going on there?
Well we strive to give ongoing insight into the great country of Brazil here at BrazilNDX. We will scan the web for interesting( at least according to us) and relevant items to post here. It might be a product or a news item or just some random thoughts
Brazil: 210+ million people, Largest metro area is Sao Paulo 10+ million! Rio de Janeiro comes in Second with 5+ Million. .BR is it’s ccTLD. +55 is Brazil’s telephone country code. Portuguese is the official language.
“Ordem E Progresso” Order and Progress inspired from Auguste Comte’s motto (in english …loosely) ” Love as a principle and order as the basis; Progress as the goal”
Capital Reporting Company provides quality litigation support and court reporting services to all lawyers and law firms throughout Washington DC. - [Read More]
Are you looking for an aggressive and knowledgeable Daytona Beach criminal defense attorney? We provide representation in criminal cases, minor infractions, misdemeanors, felony indictments. Visit Today - Defendyourvolusiacase.com - [Read More]
Parramatta Solicitors is a law firms Parramatta and provide legal services with our expert Solicitors in Parramatta. We have best lawyer Sydney and lawyers in Parramatta. - [Read More]
Lawyers and property agents who help clients gain residency within Europe and the Schengen region through the new Golden Visa law. We help our clients process Visa applications and find them suitable property. - [Read More]
Speak to our experienced family law attorney in Palm Beach County, Florida by calling on (561) 472-0087. We provide comprehensive legal services pertaining to family law matters. - [Read More]
Handcrafted all-grain fine ales and basis, made in the Cordillera Talamanquena hills using clean, pure, spring water, that bubbles out of the ground on our sustainable farm in Bri Bri.
Come spend the day or the night with us at Kaya's Place Hotel and enjoy tastings at our sea-side bar and restaurant in Puerto Viejo, Talamanca, Costa Rica!
BriBri Springs Brewery, located at Kaya's Place Hotel in Puerto Viejo, Costa Rica, is a micro-craft brewery dedicated to making handcrafted all-grain fine ales and basis.
We use the finest ingredients available to us, like locally produced, fair-traded, organic ingredients. For example, the cacao and coconut used in making Austen's Ale, and the honey used in making Oso's Honey Brown come from local, reliable, fair-traded sources. At BriBri Springs Brewery, it is our goal to create a closed circle of sustainably produced, green beer.
We serve our fine ales, beers and basi at Kaya's Place Hotel's restaurant overlooking the world famous Black Beach (Playa Negra) of Puerto Viejo. We have a brewhouse right on the hotel property and are offering tours everyday at 4:20 in the afternoon.
As you can tell from the name of our brewery, it is all about our spring water. Our spring water comes from a farm we own above the town of BriBri on the way to the Volio waterfall. This farm has a large mountain ridge across the top of it and ample pasture land below. There are multiple springs on the property, all with crystal clear, clean water bubbling out of them. These mountain-top springs run down the hill creating waterfalls, creeks and a clean drinking water supply, with enough flow year round to provide the community below us with clean drinking water, without the need for filtration or chemical additives.
We have multiple uses in mind for the BriBri Spring water. First, it is providing the water needed to grow healthy grasses needed to feed the cows, pigs, chickens, rabbits, goats, ducks, etc. that we have grazing in the pasture lands below the mountain. Second, it provides these animals with water to drink. Third, we will send the water down a long water pipe from the top of the mountain, as it reaches the brewhouse, the diameter of the water tube will be reduced until we obtain an extremely high pressure flow. We will place a hydro-generator in front of this high-pressure water stream to generate the electricity needed to cool our fermentation room and possibly light-up the village below us. Fourth, and most obvious, we will be utilizing the BriBri Spring water to make clean, delicious beer!
The healthy, non-chemically treated grasses feed the animals on our farm. The spent grains, which are a waste product that many breweries just throw away after making beer, will also become feed for these animals. All organic food waste produced by our restaurant at Kaya's Place will also be brought to these animals to become feed. After the animals eat, they have to "go caca" (as young Luke would say). We will harness the biocombustable methane gas emitted from the manure of these animals to fire our brewhouse and cook the beer. And the meat produced by these animals will be harvested and served in our restaurant, as will the spring water be served to our lucky patrons, thus completing a closed circle of sustainability when you enjoy a frosty pint of Horizon Pale Ale accompanied by a slice of herb-crusted Prime Rib slow roasted in the wood-fired oven at Luke's Tap Room at Kaya's Place.
Dry Hopped Central American Pale Ale - Strong floral and citrus aroma with just the right amount of color and body to balance out the hops creates a very enjoyable Pale Ale that you can drink all day and night. Crisp, clean, luscious.
This is not your average Barley Wine and has nothing to do with the traditional English style. Use of local ingredients, combined with a huge malt bill create a Caribbean Barley Wine like nothing that you have ever tasted before.
Local fruits and spices fermented to completion create a potent blend Caribbean flavor. Basi is not beer, wine, or mead. It is "La Locura Del Caribe!" You will only find this creation at BriBri Springs Brewery.
Non alcoholic natural soda - No chemicals or plastic bottles here. This is what soda was before the multinational corporations messed it all up. Mix it with rum and lime to create the Dark 'N' Stormy.
Off into the world go the bottled brews, to satisfy the tastes of chocolate and beer lovers everywhere!
If you can't drop by to relax and have a beer, please let us know what we can do to bighten up your world.
Microsoft is reportedly planning a new $400 tablet to compete with the iPad (AAPL, MSFT) | Brief News
Latest World News. Find every day short and brief information composed of titles and subtitles and continue reading if interested.
Microsoft is reportedly working on a new, lower-cost Surface tablet, according to a report from Bloomberg.
The new tablet would start at $ 400 and have a 10-inch screen, about nine hours of battery life, and USB-C charging.
Microsoft has dabbled in more consumer-friendly tablets in the past, but has shifted focus in recent years to its pricier pro line of tablets and laptops.
According to a report from Bloomberg’s Mark Gurman and Dina Bass, the new tablet will have a 10-inch screen, rounded edges, and will be priced around $ 400.
SEE ALSO: The rise of Angela Ahrendts, from a small town in Indiana to becoming the highest-paid executive at Apple
Martin is an enthusiastic programmer, a webdeveloper and a young entrepreneur. He is intereted into computers for a long time. In the age of 10 he has programmed his first website and since then he has been working on web technologies until now. He is the Founder and Editor-in-Chief of BriefNews.eu and PCHealthBoost.info Online Magazines. His colleagues appreciate him as a passionate workhorse, a fan of new technologies, an eternal optimist and a dreamer, but especially the soul of the team for whom he can do anything in the world.
A top Sinaloa cartel leader has plead guilty in Chicago, and he could play a big role in ‘El Chapo’ Guzman’s trial
REUTERS/Daniel Aguilar CHICAGO (AP) — A former top lieutenant to Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman and likely witness at the Mexican drug...
Article was originally published at MintDice. The movement between traditional stock markets and the cryptocurrency markets is...
Article was originally published at CoinCentral. Genesis Mining is one of the largest cloud mining operations in the world. This...
Palmer Luckey, co-founder of virtual-reality pioneer Oculus, was ousted after his political activity sparked a furor within the...
Please be sure that you have selected breaking slider posts, you can do it by adding/editing a post that you want to see in the slider.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015
According to ophthalmologists Medicare cuts that went into effect March 1, 2013, have the potential to have long lasting and profound effects on eyecare. Ophthalmologists are medical doctors that specialize...
The American Optometric Association has designated March as “Save Your Vision” month. During Save Your Vision month, optometrists all over the world are reminding people about the importance of maintaining...
Every woman knows that getting make-up in your eyes is irritating, but contact wearers can attest that is even worse when you are wearing contact lenses. Instead of flushing out...
Colored contact lenses continue to gain popularity as a safe, affordable fashion accessory for men and women of all ages. When colored contacts first hit the market, there were only...
Sport contact lenses are the best solution for eyeglass wearers who participate in a variety of sports. Whether your particular sport is physically demanding or not, sport contact lenses can...
This story from ScienceDaily describes a study of people who wear extended wear contacts (leaving them in consistently for a month without removing even at night). The study tested to...
HOW NEW MATERIALS IN CONTACTS CAN HELP PROTECT YOU FROM THE SUN One thing that contact wearers have always been able to do in contrast to traditional glasses people is...
THE STUDY The March 2013 issue of Optometry and Vision Science features an article titled Posterior Corneal Shape Changes in Myopic Overnight Orthokeratology. The study was conducted by Jeong Ho...
In the first week of March 2013, the FDA issued warning letters to online retailers who sell unapproved decorative contact lenses. The FDA considers unauthorized distribution of colored contacts as...
Private Airport Taxi Transfer and Shuttle Service Ermatingen / well maintained, neutral vehicles / Multilingual professional Drivers
Airport assistance and hotel transfers too fixed prices / Transportation throughout Switzerland and Europe
Business Airport Taxi Transfer and Airport Shuttle Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. Your personal Airport Taxi Transfer and Shuttle Service Ermatingen.
Thanks to your online reservation. You are not wasting any waiting-time at the airport and you will arrive punctually, safe and comfortable at your destination. Our Strategy: Best Quality first. Your A1 Businesss Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen.
Private Airport Taxi Transfer and Shuttle Service Ermatingen with A1 Business Airport Taxi Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen, for your Convenience. Swiss Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen after and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Transfer Service and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Bus Travel Service Ermatingen, Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Ermatingen Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Taxi Shuttle Service Ermatingen. Swiss Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen and Switzerland. Business trip in Ermatingen, Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Car Rental with Driver Service Ermatingen. Personal Chauffeur Service Airport Zurich and VIP Driver Service Ermatingen with deluxe Car. Business Airport Taxi Transport Service for; Business, Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Meeting, Festival and Event. Airport Taxi Transfer Service, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen Switzerland. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Airport Travel Services. Swiss Airport Travel Service for a comfortable journey Ermatingen. A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen, the service with personal care. Personal Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Holiday Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen with the A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Your personal Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen and Switzerland. With your online reservation, we do personally meet you or your guests at the terminal customs-exit, with a signboard according to your instructions.
You"re Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, for a comfortable journey after and from Ermatingen Switzerland. Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen to and from International Airport in Zurich Switzerland and Point to Point Service. Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service Ermatingen is a private Swiss people Transportation Company and your reliable partner for pick-up procedures to and from the airport in Zurich Switzerland.
With your online reservation we do personally meet you or your guests at the terminal customs-exit, with a signboard according to your instructions. Thanks to your online reservation. You are not wasting any waiting-time at the airport and you will arrive punctually, safe and comfortable at your destination. Our Strategy: Best Quality First. A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen stands for professionalism, reliability, discretion and friendliness.
Ermatingen Airport Transfer Service escorts business partners, VIPs (Very Important Persons), CIPs (Commercially Important Persons), private individuals and, representatives from the worlds of politics, economics, culture and sport, discreetly. This Airport Transfer Service is your Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service after and from Ermatingen.
Airport Transfer Ermatingen; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen, Airport Taxi Transfer Ermatingen and Bus Travel Service Ermatingen to and from the Airport in Zurich Switzerland. You"re personal Airport Transfer, for a comfortable journey after and from Ermatingen.
Private Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Car and Bus Travel Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Ermatingen Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Ermatingen. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen. Business trip in Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with A1 Limousine Service Ermatingen. Rent a Car with Driver Service Ermatingen. Chauffeur Service Ermatingen. VIP Driver Service Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Ermatingen Airport Taxi, Bus and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Ermatingen Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen.
Private Airport Transfer and Shuttle Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, for your Convenience. Swiss Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen after and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Transfer Service and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Bus Travel Service Ermatingen, Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Ermatingen Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Ermatingen. Swiss Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen and Switzerland. Business trip in Ermatingen, Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Car Rental with Driver Service Ermatingen. Personal Chauffeur Service Airport Zurich and VIP Driver Service Ermatingen with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Business, Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Meeting, Festival and Event. Airport Transfer Service, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen Switzerland. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Airport Travel Services. Swiss Airport Travel Service for a comfortable journey Ermatingen. A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, the service with personal care. Personal Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Holiday Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen with the A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. You"re personal Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen and Switzerland. With your online reservation we do personally meet you or your guests at the terminal customs-exit, with a signboard according to your instructions.
Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Limousine Service Ermatingen, Airport Taxi Transfer Ermatingen and Bus Travel Service Ermatingen to and from Airport in Zurich Switzerland. Your personal Airport Transfer Service, for a comfortable journey after and from Ermatingen.
Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Taxi Transfer Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Car and Bus Travel Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Ermatingen Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Ermatingen. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen. Business trip in Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with A1 Limousine Service Ermatingen. Rent a Car with Driver Service Ermatingen. Chauffeur Service Ermatingen. VIP Driver Service Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Ermatingen Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Ermatingen Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen.
Airport Shuttle and Pick-Up Service Ermatingen; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Limousine Service Ermatingen, Airport Taxi Transfer Ermatingen and Bus Travel Service Ermatingen to and from Airport in Zurich Switzerland. Your personal Airport Transfer, for a comfortable journey after and from Ermatingen.
Airport Shuttle and Pick-Up Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Shuttle Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Car and Bus Travel Service Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Ermatingen Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Ermatingen. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen Switzerland. Business trip in Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Rent a Car with Driver Service Ermatingen. Chauffeur Service Ermatingen. VIP Driver Service Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Ermatingen Airport Taxi, Bus and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Ermatingen Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen.
Ermatingen Airport Limousine Transfer Service escorts business partners, VIPs (Very Important Persons), CIPs (Commercially Important Persons), private individuals and, representatives from the worlds of politics, economics, culture and sport, discreetly. This Airport Transfer Service is your Airport Driver and Chauffeur Service after and from Ermatingen.
Airport Limousine Transfer Service Ermatingen; only with your Reservation; Private Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen. Limousine Service Ermatingen, Airport Taxi Transfer Service Ermatingen and Bus Travel Service Ermatingen to and from Airport in Zurich Switzerland. Your personal Airport Transfer, for a comfortable journey after and from Ermatingen.
Airport Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Limousine Service Constant. Private Swiss People Transport Company. First Class Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, for your Convenience. Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Airport Taxi, Car and Bus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts. Bus Travel Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe. Zurich Airport and Ermatingen Pick-up Service. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Ermatingen. Airport Taxi, Chauffeur and Limousine Service Ermatingen. Business trip in Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with A1 Airport Limousine Service Ermatingen. Rent a Car with Driver Service Ermatingen. Chauffeur Service Ermatingen. VIP Driver Service Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Airport Transport Service for; Congress, Seminar, Conference, Symposium, Forum, Meeting, Festival and Events. Ermatingen Airport Taxi, Bus and Limousine Service Switzerland and Europe. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Ermatingen Limousine Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen, the service with personal care. Holiday and Travel Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen with the personal A1 Airport Transfer Service Ermatingen.
Your Airport and Point to Point Limousine and Chauffeur Service Ermatingen with A1 Airport Limousine Service Constant. This is a private Swiss people transportation company with; First Class Limousine Service Ermatingen, in Service for your Convenience. Limousine Service Ermatingen to and from International Airport Zurich Switzerland. Minibus Transfer Service Swiss Resorts and Bus Travel Service Ermatingen. Pick up Service Ermatingen and by Airport. Hotel Airport Shuttle Service Ermatingen. Business Limousine Service Ermatingen Switzerland. Business trip in Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with Airport Limousine Service Ermatingen. Rent a Car with Driver Service in Ermatingen. Luxury Chauffeur Service Ermatingen. VIP Driver Service Ermatingen Switzerland and Europe with deluxe Car. Limousine Airport Transport Service for; Business, Congress, Seminar, Conference, Forum, Symposium, Meeting, Festival, Event and Holiday. Ermatingen Limousine Service Switzerland. Personal attendant and escort of VIP by the A1 Limousine Travel Services. Ermatingen Limousine Service Travel for a comfortable journey. A1 Limousine Service Ermatingen escorts business partners, VIPs (Very Important Persons), CIPs (Commercially Important Persons), private individuals and, representatives from the worlds of politics, economics, culture and sport discreetly. A1 Limousine Service is your VIP Driver and VIP Chauffeur Service in Ermatingen Switzerland. Limousine Service Ermatingen, the service with personal care. Holiday Limousine Travel Service Ermatingen. Your Airport Limousine Service Ermatingen, VIP Driver Service Ermatingen and Chauffeur Service Ermatingen. Professionalism, reliability, discretion and friendliness with A1 Airport Limousine Service Ermatingen.
Retired from competitive football several years ago, returned last year in Somerset league but suffered double ligament tear in knee, playing regular five a side at current, majority of career have played upfront, prefer left or right of a central striker in a 3 or just in behind, also very familiar to the full back position
I'm currently playing for Bryan Munic but while my body is still able and willing I'd like to find another team so matches aren't so infrequent. I can play in midfield or up front. I have played my whole life and would like to think I'm relatively useful. Feel free to get in touch if your struggling to get a team together
Fairly fit and still have some pace. Played Sunday league 11 a side and 5/6 a side. Would like to play weekly. Up for practice, kick-a-bout and matches. Prefer to join local club to Knowle but easy. And a beer after!
Taken about 18 months off football after moving to Bristol for work, looking to get back into it and start playing again after playing 5s & 7s the last 6 years in Leeds. Looking to take part even if just training and for the social side of meeting a team in a new place. Cheers,
I've recently moved to Cardiff from North Wales. I played Saturday league there for a team called Caergybi FC, mostly as a wing back, I'm happy to play wherever needed though.
I am currently playing for a vets team but would like a change. I have also been playing Saturday football for over 20 year's. I can play lb rb lw or rw as I can kick with both feet.
Happy to play in goal or up front, played to relatively high level as a youth - fast forward nearly 30 years and I'm not ready to pack it all in yet!
I’ve been out of the game for a couple of years now after a few injuries and kinda decided i’d retired...until now! Played a lot of Powerleague 5 a side in Slough when we rose from the bottom division to the top and then played a couple of seasons in the Kingston & District League but that’s about it.
Comfortable on left or right foot, play anywhere, tough tackling no nonsense old school player, still pretty fit, played Downs league recently
I’m looking to join a football team either a 5 aside team or an 11 aside team. I haven’t played since school and I really want to get back in to playing again.
I haven't played football in a few years, played some when I was in school. Hoping to get back into it.
My names is Gary Goals and I am the top class striker. I will play for your team! -Trails at Doncaster United (played against Emile Heskey's cousin) -I do all types of goals including free kicks, bicycle kicks and the penos -I scored in every match I have ever played in! I do not lie
Looking for a decent team to join, I can play 2 maybe 3 times per month due to family commitments and can train on a Tuesday again due to other commitments. I can play LM, LW, Cam and St and am 2 footed.
Haven't played for years but definately looking to get back into it for general fitness and to pick it back up. Interested in 5 a side or full team amateur.
I haven't played since school, was pretty quick, not a huge amount of skill. keep myself fit. looking for a bit of a laugh and to improve my overall skill and technique.
Ex Semi-professional football player for Haverfordwest County FC and Wales Under 18 Schoolboys getting 10 Caps. Looking for a club as I have just moved to the Bristol area and need be playing
I recently moved back to the UK from the US and I'm looking to take football as far as possible. I can play on both wings, as a striker,attacking midfielder and occasionally as holding midfielder. Strengths: great dribbler, pacey, good passer, can use both feet, can make a decent tackle, team player, give 100% no matter the situation Weaknesses: Fitness (Stamina). I train independently to strengthen any weakness.
Just moved to Bath and looking for a Vets team - Played in the Cantona/Ibrahimovic style when younger but now getting on a bit...
Hi,used to play on Latvia 2 league . 3 years ago in Thornbury ,just for fun. Like to have fun and serious football on weekends. Can play Midfielder .
Currently playing for Almondsbury Athletic in Bristol Sunday Premier League Div 4 although we are a slightly better standard then that.
Looking to get back into playing regularly, used to play 5 a side every week but out of touch for a year or two now.
Moved to UK from the US three years ago, I haven't played much since then. I used to play in amateur leagues in San Francisco every Sunday. Looking to get back in the game, have fun and meet great people overall.
24 years of age, can play RM, RB and have in the past played striker. Looking to get back into football after 5 years away from playing
Looking to get back into football after 2 years off and only playing 5 aside in that time. Will play anywhere across the midfield and anywhere else when needed.
Hi, I'm just looking to get some exercise. Love football and the team ethos.will play in any position from keeper to striker, just happy to join in.
I've arrived Bristol 4 month ago, I am Chilean, I used to play regularly once a week,, I need to play and get fit again. I miss to play and have fun with friends
Need to get back into the game! Miss it so much. Played for South bristol central for 10 years and Sunday league for a few years. A bit rusty but still got it!
Used to 11-a-side, fairly fit but not played properly for a while so lacing match fitness. Can play Midfield or Striker
Played five a side, league games on the downs and have been a goalkeeper for Bristol futsal and bath futsal
Moving to Bristol in January with family from US. Have been playing in the city league for 15 years on a weekly basis barring the occasional ankle sprains, MCLs etc. Looking forward to continue to play, have fun, drink with peers.. Cheers...
Hi. I'm looking for a friendly side to join. Have played a bit before and looking to get back playing and getting some fitness back. Happy to play any position.
I've recently moved to the Bristol area, been playing 11s to a reasonable standard for years and keen to carry on with good bunch of lads with no teenagers to chase around after!
Defence or midfield. Would ideally like to play locally and for a team who has a kickaround during the week.
Just looking to back playing again more for fitness than anything and also relativity new to the area Played semi pro in my 20's then amateur into my 30's
Defensive centre midfield but have played Centre Back and will play anywhere in Midfield or Defence. Played only friendly 8-a-side for the last few years but played plenty of Saturday League 11-a-side in my 30s. Happy to train.
Brazilian by birth but you wouldn't believe me if you saw me play! Looking for a casual football team
Played on downs for a number of years, divs 2, 3 and 4. Turn 35 this week and would like to play vets.
I was playing for Cotswool in Division 1 last season but we've folded. Looking for a new club in/around Bristol.
stopped playing five a side a year ago missing it , so looking for a regular game , will need to build fitness back up , wanat to play in my age group , chasing teenagers around is no fun !!
Hi, i've played football all my life, with some pretty good players along the way, including Johann Cruyff..I played in Spain for many years..I only want to play with people over 35 or 40 plus , cheers
Just turned 36. Im young for my age, train at the gym. I miss playing football and want to build fitness. I can play in most positions.
I'm in USA. Moving back to Bristol in Sept. I've been playing in a league for 15 years. Want to know if it's worth bring my boots!
I am looking for a low level Sunday league team within either the Whitchurch, Bishopsworth, Withywood or Bedminster areas. I played at Sunday league level for 5 years before getting injured and having to stop. My injury has now fully recovered however my fitness isn't too great but I am currently working on it.
Will be 35 in October 2017. Not got the time to commit to playing regular Saturday football (kids forced retirement in 2015!) but would like to get involved with something now that I am old!
Myself and a mate (winger, 24) are preferably looking to join the same team. I work in the centre of Bristol and will be moving up soon. My friend lives in Redfield. Both haven't played 11-a-side competitively for a few years, so lacking match fitness. But think we're OK talent wise!
Hello. Recently moved to Bristol and looking to get involved in some football. Unfortunately I haven't played properly for some time (years) but would be great to start again, get involved in a squad and perhaps reel back the years.
I still play 7/8 a side every week ,have been since I Saturdays .all the players I play with now are all a very good standard ,I play upfront or midfield ,would love a 11 a side game on a Sunday ,still can play 11 aside have done in a National cup for my company so still fit never smoked very mobile for my age ,I live in Portishead Bristol
Myself and a mate of mine who is 29 years old are both looking for a side outside of Cardiff where we can enjoy a game of 11 a side and have a laugh along the way. Im a central midfielder and he is a very talented winger!
Recently moved to Clevedon but can drive to any team. Looking to get fit and have fun. Not the greatest goalie so outfield preferable.
Played amateur Sunday league from age 7-18 as well as represented the first eleven at secondary school in every age group. Since leaving school have played in a few five a side teams. Primarily trying to improve my fitness through something I love doing! Would usually be used anywhere along the back line, but can also played as a holiding midfielder as well a decent back up keeper!
Not very fit but always willing. Looking to join a team to try and get a bit fitter and the social side. Happy to play most outfield positions
Played 5 and 6 a-side competitively. 11 a-side friendly. Mainly as a striker but happy to play other positions. Not great but okay and willing
Played and still playing for many years in the Downend 7 A-side league.Looking for over 35 team or just training or friendlies to keep fit.
Currently playing pro 5 once a week.only played a few 11 aside games over the last few years. Played Sunday league for over 10 years.
Played for Totterdown Res, Bristol Corinthians and Thrissell Nomads. Totally unfit, but willing to put the effort in to get myself back out there
Am a big football fan, but have not played for a long time. Used to play when I was younger. Exercise regularly in gym. Looking to join team for competitiveness and social aspect.
Looking to sort an Over Thirties team next season on a Saturday (Newport & District League most likely- will see where we play as it depends who decides to join will go closer for whoever)- just for the social side of things & to meet new people. Any ability is welcome but people with bad attitudes/egos need not reply as we want a friendly club with no cliques. Give me an e-mail if you want something to do on a Saturday rather than go out with the missus.
I spent about 12 seasons playing in the Amateur Football Combination in and around London. Haven't played competitively for maybe 5 years now but kept up my fitness by running and boxing, and think it's time to get the boots out and get the occasional casual game in again over a season.
Keen to train and play with a friendly team in the north/east Bristol area. Small but still got a bit of pace! will play anywhere but in goal!
Used to play quite a bit but not for a while. However I do maintain my fitness and enthusiasm! Up for any kind of game.
Moved to Bristol from Kent where I have played football for 20 plus years, looking to join a social team.
Just moved to portishead and looking for social but competitive team. I've played at a decent standard throughout my years, and will pretty much guarantee you at least a goal a game! Ideally a team in or near portishead would be preferred
Hi! I have just moved to Bristol and I am looking for a team to play with as a keeper. I would like to play amateur matches at the weekends.
I played semi-pro as an Under 18, but mostly in the London Old Boys League, the equivalent of the top division in the Downs League. For the last ten years, Ideally I would like to play for a team in North Bristol. I like playing up front
Looking for a game and especially to train local to Bristol East, West, North or Close to Bradley Stoke areas. Looking to play Sunday mornings but just as happy to train.
I am very interested in football training, I used to play alot when I was a bit younger and I really want to get back into it.
Hi looking to get back in the game ant played for a few years but looking to get back into it..would say am talented but have to see for your selfs..
Recently moved to Wells from Canada, where I was playing 7-a-side league in the winter and 11-a-side in the summer. Before that, in 2013/14 I played in Herts Sunday League. I can play as striker or attacking midfielder/winger. Good engine, good feet and a good eye for a pass/shot at goal. I'm itching to get back into it so let me know if you're interested!
Hi I'm looking to join a Sunday Team for some casual, enjoyable football, and help maintain my fitness. I'm quite and run regularly, I do sometimes play in the Down's League on a Saturday but am looking for something more frequent. I'm of average ability, if your looking for new players or even someone as back up please get in touch!
If Room enables buy a top quality king-sized bed. It offers a good amount of Room for intimacy along with a restful night time of rest.
Condoms also avoid STDs by masking the penis, which helps prevent connection with semen and vaginal fluids, and restrictions skin-to-pores and skin Call that can distribute sexually transmitted bacterial infections.
However it appears that evidently Increasingly more of us are bringing our perform and laptops into our bedrooms to make amends for All those unanswered email messages from the day or finish that report that’s due tomorrow.
You may additionally choose to placed on a condom in advance of mutual masturbation. This will hold fluids from finding in your hands that would simply be transmitted to your companion's genitals or mouth.
Characteristics Climax Control Lubricant* a clear lubricant having a Specific additive that will help stop untimely ejaculation and assistance offer higher endurance.
Sorry, we just really need to be sure you're not a robotic. For ideal outcomes, be sure to ensure your browser is accepting cookies.
Theessential oil of Ylang Ylang Finish is without a doubt the oil reference when novelty sex toys gifts discussing the sensuality. Without a doubt, it has Houses aphrodisiacs in order to invest a nice time with all your other half. It contains molecules encourage muscle mass peace to completely surrender you in your husband or wife.
Here's an extensive information to locating the correct mattress for the sleeping type. two. The appropriate pillow.
Remember to Be aware that massages can be booked for eighteen+ several years old company only. Thanks for your personal knowledge.
Look at the condom periodically through use for breaks. If a condom breaks or arrives off in the course of sex, switch it right away and consider using emergency contraception including the crisis contraception tablet.
12 x Pasante Delay – These condoms are created to extend lovemaking by way of desensitizing The top of your penis. By lining the condom with a mix that contains Lidocaine Hydrocloride 1%, The pinnacle absorbs fewer of the warmth and friction.
For anyone who is employing a sex toy, utilize flavoured lubes for sex a condom within the toy in addition. The components utilized to make several of the toys usually are not usually safe to implement with sex creams oils and gels your body (like plastics made up of phthalates). It can be hard to retain toys cleanse, that means germs can build up, Primarily on toys fabricated from porous elements.
It is best to Verify with the medical doctor before utilizing any alterations within your training or Life style behavior, particularly when you might have Actual physical difficulties or are taking remedies of any type.
Your local Rockhampton car service Robo's MotorWorks repairs all vehicle makes and models, new and old.
Located on corner of North and Campbell Streets, we are a Full Suspension Specialist and provide expert Shock Absorber and Suspension maintenance.
CD provides Car review and What need in journey services Queensland-wide and Insurance Help in Queensland & Northern New South Wales.
Not Available Discontinued - Unfortunately this product has been discontinued and we will not be receiving any more stock. Click here for alternative products.
Product prices and availability are accurate as of and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
Britain Through Books is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
I have been focussing on my relationship with God a lot lately. I’ve mentioned it in a previous post recently, but I’ve just really had it laid on my heart that all of the things I see in my life that need a little bit of fixing up can all be solved through my relationship with God. I know this, and have known this, but for some reason it’s just hard to put in the effort to do it sometimes! Whether it’s the busyness of every day life, the temptations of procrastination or general laziness. Something always comes up to replace God Time it seems. As part of my new philosophy of changing the underlying reasons instead of feeling guilty, I figured it was time to put a stop to all that mess.
For some reason, most people, myself definitely included, don’t put in the effort required to maintain a relationship with God. If you will notice the word I used there…effort.
Think about your closest friend. It could be your wife, your girlfriend, one of your parents, someone you’ve known for years, etc. Whoever it is, think about how much time you spend with them. How much do you call them? How much do you text them? How often and for how long do you talk to them? Do you go to the movies? Dinner? Hangout until the middle of the night? What about their passions and desires, I bet you know them. I bet you know what makes them tick and I bet you can tell almost instantly when something is wrong with them before they even say a word. You are trained like a hawk to notice their mannerisms and body language. You do LIFE with them.
Relationships require effort, and for some reason, beyond my comprehension, humans just don’t seem to easily understand the fact that you can’t have a “God First” relationship unless you are willing to put in the effort.
But seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you. – Matthew 6:33 (ESV)
I’m going to go more in-depth about this in a future post, but I wanted to mention it briefly here since it pertains to this topic. God wants us to seek him first. Notice what Matthew says in the verse above. It specifically says the word first. This isn’t the only place the Bible says this. There are so many examples of God saying that he wants to be our everything, he wants to be the first thing in our life, he doesn’t want our leftovers.
Another issue we have in our relationship with God is that we don’t treat him the way he deserves to be treated. While he wants a personal relationship with us, he also demands our reverence. And if you think about it that makes a lot of sense…who would want to be friends with someone that didn’t respect them?
The friendship of the Lord is for those who fear him, and he makes known to them his covenant. My eyes are ever toward the Lord, for he will pluck my feet out of the net. Turn to me and be gracious to me, for I am lonely and afflicted. – Psalm 25:14-16 (ESV)
A slightly different translation of the same scripture words it a little differently, showing the real meaning of the use of the word “fear” above. To fear the Lord is to honor and respect him, to give reverence.
Friendship with God is reserved for those who reverence him. With them alone he shares the secrets of his promises. My eyes are ever looking to the Lord for help, for he alone can rescue me. Come, Lord, and show me your mercy, for I am helpless, overwhelmed, in deep distress. – Psalm 25:14-16 (TLB)
And yet another stumbling block we experience on our road to building our relationship with God is not hearing him. And it isn’t that he isn’t speaking to us; it’s that most of the time we are too busy or their is too much noise in our life to hear him.
“Be still, and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth!” – Psalm 46:10 (ESV)
“Be still” – that is a hard thing for us to do, but it is something that is necessary to building a relationship with God. How do we be still? The first way would be to make sure you are spending some quiet time alone with God. Just like any other friend, relationships get better when you spend time together. And just like any other friend, it’s a lot easier to do that when it is one on one and you are listening intently to each other. Getting to know someone in a crowded and noisy place is no easy task, that’s why God specifically tells us to “be still…and know that I am God”. Be still, and know Me…
I have struggled with this, I still do. And I tell myself that I have a valid reason, I mean, I am busy! Just look at a normal day for me:
Seriously…this is pretty normal for most of us these days, where is the time to spend with God? I will just use my own list for example since I’ve told myself quite often that I just don’t have time. I could read my bible instead of the news. I’m on the bus for at least an hour both ways (I’m writing this post on the bus right now actually), plenty of time to spend there. Those video games and “me time.” These are things that I do. I am used to them and they make me happy. I am putting them before God, when all he wants is to be first. Luckily it’s a simple fix, but simple isn’t always easy.
You have to MAKE time for it. You have to actively choose to spend time with God. Believe me, God is a wonderful and powerful God. He has built time into your day to spend with him, all you have to do is choose to use it for what he intended it for. I guarantee you there isn’t a single person that could prove to me they don’t have time to spend some time alone with God today. The time is there if you choose to use it.
Why do we expect our relationship with God to be awesome when we aren’t willing to make the time to spend with him. We are willing to drop items from our todo lists to go hangout with friends if they ask us. Maybe a new movie just came out that we want to go watch really bad but it’s only showing during that one meeting with those people…that’s ok, we can move the meeting. But for God? No, can’t move the meeting for God. We rationalize this by saying, “God loves me and doesn’t mind because he wants me to enjoy life”, “God understands that I will pray later (even though we don’t…). But he doesn’t! He wants us to put him FIRST! Real life friends get offended if they don’t come first…how much more so do you think God feels to be second place when he wants to be your Everything.
Can you imagine keeping your friends if you have no time? I’m sure we have all experienced it too. What happens when you run out of time to spend with friends for long periods of time? Things change. Things get awkward. Eventually you get to the point where you are talking once a month or less. The relationship fades and things aren’t the same anymore. But, if you start talking again, spending time together again, all of a sudden the old days are back and things are awesome again. It’s the same way with God! You have to spend time with him to have that awesome relationship. There is no way around it. And if you truly do want that awesome and strong relationship with God, you are going to want to spend time with him too. You are going to want to spend more time with him than you do with other things…and you are going to start putting him first.
So, stop being busy. Stop making excuses. Stop putting him second. And I know that’s easier said than done…but it shouldn’t be…it should be the easiest thing in the world!
Lord, I pray to you today to open up my eyes to see all of the time that you have built into my life to spend with you. I pray that you would increase my desire and willingness to be in your presence more than you already are. I don’t want anything to get in the way of our relationship, I want you to be the center and first of my life. I want to get to the point that nothing else matters to me, I want to die to myself so that I can serve you more fully.
I pray that through my words today someone else is feeling the same thing I am feeling. That there is someone out there who is lost and searching, searching for something to make them whole. I know that something is you Lord, and I pray that you would lead them here, that the words that I have written here today have come from your direction and not my own. I believe that you intend to see people changed through the power of words and through the power of these words. I pray that you would use me in whatever way you see fit, and that I would have the courage to say yes, no matter what the cost.
One thing that I have been trying to do lately is get closer to God. My prayer life and my quiet time are severely lacking right now so I have been trying to fix that. Some days I do really good, and other days I don’t. I normally try to blame it on a busy schedule. I won’t deny that I have a pretty hectic schedule at times, but I also can’t deny that isn’t a very good reason to be missing my daily dose of God.
I am subscribed to an email listing that sends a prayer to my email every day. I’m not sure if this is cheating or not, but I have found it very rewarding to be able to add a random topic to my prayers as I go…helping me to give thanks in ALL things, not just the things I am thinking about at the current moment.
About two weeks ago I met with a group of close friends where we sat down and studied through some scripture and just talked about things going on in our lives. One of the things that we all said was we wanted to get closer to God and put him first. I don’t really believe in coincidences, I believe that God puts things in front of us exactly when we need it. So when I received this particular prayer in my email the next morning, it was a Godsend for me. I have been saying this specific prayer twice a day for the past two weeks. I’m not saying that everyone should find a prayer and pray the exact same thing over and over again and limit themselves to that, but I am saying that this prayer, in connection with tons of other prayers I have prayed over the past two weeks, has really begun to bring me closer to God again.
I’ve felt closer in the past week than I have in a while. I’m not going to lie, lately I have been doing so much stuff for people and church that I think I started to forget that I should be doing it for Jesus. We can have the best intentions in the world, but if they aren’t for the right reasons then they mean nothing. We can do good things for selfish reasons.
Anyway, I just rambled way more than I intended to…so here is the prayer that I received that has been helping me to get focussed during my daily time with God.
What was the purpose of all that? If you are feeling far from God, or even if you don’t know Jesus personally but you arrived here because you are looking for something and you don’t know what that something is…just say a prayer. Just sit down by yourself, somewhere quiet, and say a prayer. It doesn’t matter what you say, you don’t need big fancy words or anything else. Heck, you don’t even need to know WHAT you are praying for sometimes. God knows it all, and He just wants to spend time with you.
I sat down a few days ago after work, it had been a long day, I was stressed, I still had a million things to do. But I took a few minutes to just sit there in silence. I shut my office door, sat in the floor of my closet, and closed my eyes. I didn’t know what to say, my mind was so blown from the day that I was just at a loss for words and for thoughts, but I sat there and simply told God I wanted to spend a little time with Him if for no other reason than just to be in His presence. And it was awesome, I was only in that closer for 10 minutes maybe, and it renewed me for the rest of the afternoon.
I’m not saying that we should never come to God without knowing what we want to speak to Him about. I firmly believe that praying specifically, intently, passionately, and repeatedly for exactly what you want to say is one of the most powerful ways to pray. I’m just saying that it’s ok to just sit with God and let Him do the talking if you don’t know what to say. God wants to spend time with you, not your words.
“And when you pray, you must not be like the hypocrites. For they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and at the street corners, that they may be seen by others. Truly, I say to you, they have received their reward. But when you pray, go into your room and shut the door and pray to your Father who is in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you. And when you pray, do not heap up empty phrases as the Gentiles do, for they think that they will be heard for their many words. Do not be like them, for your Father knows what you need before you ask him.” Matthew 6:5-8
Have a look at @windscribecom it's the best #VPN out there, and it's free windscribe.com/?cpid=tw03 https://t.co/95JhxJrBke
Trying out @theTunnelBear so I can browse privately from my ISP tunnelbear.com/apps https://t.co/fajZJBpPh0
I use one just to monitor my heart and sleep. I average between 4 hrs 49 mins avg to 5 hrs of sleep, with at least more than an hour of deep sleep, while Toy needs her 8 hrs, but often fails to get an hour of deep.
I wonder if there's a connection there, where someone that gets more deep sleep, doesn't need as many hours of light sleep?
Almost all my life I have run on 4 hrs. of sleep. I remember it started back when I was a kid. Don't know about deep sleep, but I know when I go to bed. It takes less then 1 min and I am gone.
A politician thinks of the next election. A statesman, of the next generation.- James Freeman Clarke
Politics is supposed to be the second-oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first. ~ Ronald Reagan ~
I'm kind of the same way, one thing I learned from this thing, is that nearly the moment I fall asleep, I go into deep sleep, and that seems to be the answer to not needing as much sleep.
If I take a nap, I immediately hit deep sleep and can go for another easy 24 hours without feeling tired.
In my younger days I often did not sleep for 2 days at a time. But when I did, I just would sleep for 4 hrs. I have a older brother that sleeps less then I do even to this day.
Get a detailed report showing market trends in your neighborhood, including recent listings, sales prices and average time on market.
View statistics on population, education, housing, transporation, income, employment, net worth, cost of living and climate.
Compare amenities	such as public services, places of worship, recreation and leisure facilitles, shopping and restaurants.
Take a look at our real estate glossary to learn definitions of common words and phrases used in the industry.
The failure to fulfill a duty or promise or discharge an obligation, such as making monthly mortgage payments.
Any repair or maintenance of a piece of property that has been postponed, resulting in a decline in property value.
A mortgage that involves a borrower who is behind on payments. If the borrower cannot bring the payments up to date within a specified number of days, the lender may begin foreclosure proceedings.
A project in which the owner contracts directly with an individual or company to perform design and construction.
A statement to a potential buyer listing information relevant to a piece of property, such as the presence of radon or lead paint.
Fees that a borrower pays at the time the lender makes the loan. A point equals 1 percent of the total loan amount.
A list of documents a lender requires when a potential submits a loan application.. The required documents range from paycheck stubs to credit card statements.
The amount of money a buyer agrees to give the seller when a sales agreement is signed. Complete financing is later secured with a lender.
A construction material composed of gypsum or plaster wrapped in paper and produced in large sheets that can be nailed to wall studs.
Housing Trends eNewsletter is filled with U.S. Census Bureau key market indicators, consumer videos, blogs, a real estate glossary, mortgage rates and calculators, consumer articles, real estate radio, realtor.com® local community reports and local and national real estate sales and price activity provided by local MLSs and the National Association of REALTORS®.
Subscribe to the free Housing Trends eNewsletter to receive it each month. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Information contained in this eNewsletter is compiled from a variety of sources. The accuracy and authenticity has not been verified by Move, Inc., is subject to change, is provided "as is" and is not guaranteed. The views expressed herein do not necessarily reflect those of Move, Inc. Move, Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any nature with regard to the privacy and/or business practices of the websites linked from or to this eNewsletter nor the accuracy and authenticity of any information contained in such websites, and is not responsible for any content contained in any linked site or for any action or lack of action by any linked site whatsoever, including their use of any information they may collect.
” and “What do you spend a lot of time thinking about?”) but also lets you rate how important a potential match’s answers to those same questions are.That said, the fact that Ok Cupid, Tinder, and Bumble are free definitely stands out.We can confidently recommend Ok Cupid, Match.com, Tinder, and Bumble.Bumble offers an experience that’s very similar to Tinder, but with a twist: Women have to start the conversation.If they don’t, the match will disappear after 24 hours, although you can upgrade to a paid account to keep matches around longer.Even though we received fewer messages compared to other sites, we rated 40 percent “good” — the most out of the seven sites we tested.That’s in large part because only mutual matches can message each other: both parties have to “swipe right” before they can say hello, which cuts way down on spam.
It’s impossible to know exactly how many users are active on a given site or app (especially because mobile users aren’t reflected in Alexa data), but we’re definitely in the ballpark.
Matchmaker and online dating expert Carmelia Ray points out that “as a user, you want to have the most selection and options.
All of our top dating apps use an algorithm to match you with people you should be compatible with and interested in — and keep those “automatic nos” out of your feed.
This is the real heart of online dating (anyone could sift through profiles on their own) and some sites and apps do it better than others.
It organizes in-person events like speed dating, happy hours, and game nights for its members to help accelerate the search for “the one,” and it works — studies have shown it’s one of the top two sites to produce marriages.
After a while all of Jordan’s ever-renewing copies and all of Cumberford’s posted originals were almost certain to distress Earl and his followers. ” Mackichan and Jordan were serious rivals on the slippery pole toward the top, and Mac always used the soft diminutive Charlie instead of the harder, more masculine ‘Chuck’ favored by Jordan, just to annoy him. ” “Yes, I do.” “You’re going to be in there with a kid from the drafting room, and you’re going to do the Corvette project by yourself.” The “kid from the drafting room” was then 26-year-old Anatole “Tony” Lapine, later to become the chief designer at Porsche A. Cumberford had a photostat of the IBM-typed words “STUDIO X” blown up to sign size and posted it on an inner door, invisible from the hallway.
All of the models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in the following website were over the age of eighteen years at the time of the creation of such depictions.
However, you should feel at ease knowing that if you lately often find yourself starring in your own rendition of “Sexless in Seattle” or “Home Alone: The On My Couch On a Saturday Night Without Even My Vibrator Edition,” fear not, you are not alone.“While envied by their married counterparts, the stereotypical swinging single may not be having all kinds of marvelous sex with other single people,” says Gale Holtz Golden, a psychotherapist and author of “In the Grip of Desire: A Therapist at Work with Sexual Secrets.” “Instead, many single people characterize their sex lives as being voluntarily or involuntarily abstinent for a multitude of reasons.”INCELs can have intimacy issues and other emotional problems, or they can also fall into the category of people who have had active sex lives in the past, but are unconsciously sabotaging themselves for emotional reasons.
For your convenience to contact Singapore Airlines Philippines We have provided all possible information of Singapore Airlines Philippines. You can contact Singapore Airlines Philippines on the given phone number +63 2 810 4951. To know the address location of Singapore Airlines Philippines it is also presented here 5670 Wilshire Blvd, Ste 1800 Los Angeles, CA 90036 US. Contact them by sending email to Singapore Airlines Philippines you will find an email address here winston.teo@singaporeair.com.sg. To know more about Singapore Airlines Philippines, go to their website www.singaporeair.com and collect all possible information from there. You can contact them from their website also.
If you have any comment to post or you want to register a complaint against Singapore Airlines Philippines, you are advised to go to the below box and post your view there.
Was your query resolved after making call or sending email to Singapore Airlines Philippines, tell us HERE
Singapore Airlines Philippines is a universal subsidiary who committed to deliver air transportation amenity with greatest standard. Singapore Airlines industry offered large scale of advantages for its workers and owners of the industry. Singapore Airlines Philippines company set up in 1972, that has been emerging from a regional airline. Singapore Airlines industry is regarded as one of the most prestigious travel agency across the globe. Singapore Airlines agency delivering the leading quality of customer care service rather than other airline companies. Singapore Airlines agency offered several innovative amenities for their customers. The developing list of company dominating pioneers that consists the respective firsts:
Since 1970, First to deliver free handsets, variety of eatables and free drinking water in Economy Class.
In 1998, First to include an inclusive panel of Globe famous chefs, the worldwide Culinary Panel, in creating inflight eatables.
In October, 2001, First to issue audio and video on desires efficiency on Kris World in entire groups.
Singapore Airlines company committed that the Progress of the company is possible only through the hard work and skilled employees. Singapore Airlines industry appoint those candidates who are efficient and interested to join the agency.
When you call to Singapore Airlines Philippines, ask for toll free number to enjoy charge free calling.
At the first step When you call to Singapore Airlines Philippines please do not forget to tell them that you have found their contact number on findbusinessaddress.com.
Welcome to the newer readers from Paul Krugman's blog. It is the third time (I think) he has linked me and as per usual he brings a lot of traffic.
Krugman is super-smart, has a platform at the New York Times and at Princeton and has a Nobel prize.
I'll believe that economists are wedded to the truth when they stop referring to their pretendy wee prize as a "nobel" prize. The physics envy is just too much for them.
Police say they have made an arrest after the fatal shooting of 62-year-old man in Brownsville Friday night.
Police say they found the unresponsive victim with two gunshot wounds to his chest just after 7 p.m. in front of an auto shop on East 98th Street.
An Oct. 30 video sent to them by a paraprofessional appears to show school bus attendant Beleck Valmont grabbing India Knox by her hood and knocking her head against the seat.
A man is in police custody after being accused of stabbing a woman inside his Sunset Park home Thursday night.
Police say one person died and four people are in custody following a shooting late Wednesday night inside a Target store in Brooklyn’s Albee Square.
Shaquan Taylor, 20, was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison for beating his daughter to death on Father's Day last year.
Many restaurant chains are offering discounts for veterans and active military personnel on Veterans Day.
Only a day after it began, the fire near the town of Paradise had grown to nearly 110 square miles and investigators found five people dead in vehicles that were torched by the flames.
It's a celebration! Is your or a loved one's birthday coming up? Let us know! Send us your photos and you could end up on air and News12.com!
News 12 Brooklyn wants to announce your wedding. If you were married in the past 90 days, please submit your photos via Twitter or Instagram using #JustMarriedBK.
Whether you're out apple or pumpkin picking, at a farm or corn maze or just hanging around in your home or yard, News 12 Brooklyn want to see your Fall Fun pics!
Is fall your favorite season? Are you and your family doing fun things this fall? Whether you're out apple or pumpkin picking, at a farm or corn maze or just hanging around in your home or yard, News 12 Brooklyn want to see your Fall Fun pics! Send them via Twitter or Instagram with the #BKFallFun and they might end up on air or on News12.com.
Looking to check out brewery this summer? There are many breweries across the boroughs for beer-lovers to visit.
Macy's Balloonfest Test Flight For The 2018 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade was held Nov. 3, 2018 in New York City.
The Coney Island Boardwalk has officially been declared a historical landmark. Here are some photos of the boardwalk taken nearly 120 years ago.
Looking for some excitement this summer? Check out some of these thrilling and extreme roller coasters, all located in the tri-state area.
It has been 17 years since a commercial jet crash landed in Belle Harbor in Queens killing all 260 people on board and five on the ground.
A new clinical trial with nearly 26,000 people concludes that neither vitamin D or fish oil supplements do anything to prevent cancer or heart issues in healthy older people.
A senior official from the Upper Corentyne Fisherman’s Coop Society could be expelled from all fishingAgri Minister, Dr. Leslie Ramsammyrelated activities if he is found to have been involved in the recent piracy attacks off the Corentyne Coast.The official was detained by police in Berbice after his boat was identified as the one used by pirates who raided several vessels, carting off their catch and engines and leaving the crews to drift ashore.Kaieteur News understands that the Fisherman’s Coop Society official was alleged to have purchased the catch brought in by the pirates.On Saturday, fisherman Leslie Veerasammy,Wholesale Hockey Jerseys, of Mon Repos Housing Scheme, East Coast Demerara, and his three crew members were attacked and robbed by five men armed with guns and cutlasses.The men took away a quantity of fish, fish glue, grocery, a 48 HP outboard engine,NFL Jerseys Supply, a 12 volts battery, a compass and a GPS, and escaped, leaving the victims adrift.Veerasammy and the other victims managed to reach ashore on Monday and reported the matter to the police who, acting on information received, arrested the alleged perpetrators. Intense interrogation led to one of the suspects relenting and giving vital details of their operations.This newspaper understands that after given the boat by the coop society official, the men crew was supposed to have spent more than 10 days at sea before returning.“The fact that they came in only after three days with all that catch should have raised eyebrows. So there is no way that the owner could not have known what was taking place,” a source on the Corentyne told Kaieteur News.The squealer also led investigators to the two shotguns that were used in the attack.Kaieteur News was told that the 48 horse power engine was recovered from the bottom of a creek at Number 66 Village, after information was provided that it was stashed there.Police also arrested another businessman at whose home they recovered a quantity of outboard engine parts after he too was accused of being involved in the activities.Investigators have issued a call to boat owners who would have suffered losses due to piracy to come forward with a view to identifying some of the items seized during the police operations.In an invited comment on the matter, newly appointed Minister of Agriculture,NFL Jerseys Outlet, Dr. Leslie Ramsammy, reiterated that should “persons of confidence within the fishing sector be found guilty, or for that matter, anyone within the fishing sector, they would be expelled from any fishing related activities.”The Minister said that the Fisheries Department of Ministry of Agriculture has noted with concern the reports of piracy acts and the alleged involvement of fishermen.Piracy can be considered a scourge to the fishing community and it is recognized that this is a global problem.The Government through the Ministry of Agriculture has instituted various measures to assist in combating this heinous crime. This involves the Ministry of Agriculture collaborating with the Minister of Home Affairs to develop an Anti-Piracy Bill.An anti-piracy revolving fund for fishermen which seeks to provide some form of assistance to piracy victims to enable them to continue their activities to earn a livelihood was also created.Other interventions by Government to deal with piracy include the purchase of two boats and engines that were handed over to co-ops of the Upper Corentyne and Essequibo and implementation of an Anti-Piracy Plan by the Coastguard.However,Cheap Jerseys, with the current developments,Cheap Jerseys USA, the Ministry of Agriculture is urging the fishing community to cooperate with the relevant authorities in tackling this problem.“It must be also noted that no one is above the law and once it is verified that a person has committed a crime, the relevant authorities must ensure that the prescribed penalty is applied. The Ministry awaits the results of the recent incident before it can make a further comment as it is noted someone is innocent until proven guilty.”
The men whom police say are responsible for the abduction of 21-year-old Rorhema Dookie last month yesterday made their first court appearance before Acting Chief Magistrate Melissa Robertson at the Georgetown Magistrates’ Court.The three men; 23 year old Franz Prince, Sivon Warner, 27, and 22-year-old Tyrone Solomon,NFL Jerseys From China, were jointly charged with the wrongful confinement of Rorhema Dookie.It is alleged that between August 26 and 27, Prince, Warner and Solomon, with the intent to hold Rorhema Dookie for a ransom of $40 million wrongfully confined Dookie.As the charge was indictable, the defendants were not required to plead.Police Prosecutor Robert Tyndall asked that bail be refused,Authentic NHL Jerseys, citing section 9 of the Kidnapping Act as supporting that request.Attorney-at-Law Mark Waldron, representing Solomon,Cheap MLB Jerseys Authentic, in association with Attorney-at-Law Roger Yearwood,Cheap Hockey Jerseys 2019, made no request for bail for his client,Cheap NFL Jerseys Wholesale, instead asking the court for an early trial date.The matter is being referred to the Director of Public Prosecutions for advice. Bail was refused for all three defendants. They are expected to return to court on September 25.Rorhema Dookie was snatched from her boyfriend’s car on August 26 last,Wholesale NFL Jerseys, shortly after leaving classes at the Business College on Thomas Street. The 21-year-old was blindfolded and taken to a house, where she was reportedly left untied. Using her cell phone, the kidnappers called her father and demanded $40M for her release.According to reports, the victim was pulled from the house she was being held captive in by a woman, after the captors left her unguarded, and was reunited with her family the following night.
This is a placeholder page for Roma Alexander, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Roma Alexander.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Roma Alexander. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Roma Alexander. We created this page automatically in hopes Roma Alexander would find it. If you are not Roma Alexander, but are an alumni of Bryan Adams High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Bryan Adams High School	of Dallas, Texas
Family members are what make life great. While no household is excellent most of us desire getting properties with both parents lovingly watching over us, or some couples dream about a house packed with kids and then locate they can�t have 1. Whatever your reason you will find just instances in which family members need […]
Using a blended learning approach (F2F and online training), students develop their skills and confidence to become more aware of the risks and the opportunities and, therefore make informed decisions They gain essential financial literacy skills related to personal budget, personal income, personal expenses, bank services and personal payment plan
Thought an e-learning platform, student learn about online transactions, online security, online rights, online taxes, online banking and comparison tools
By interacting with volunteers, students develop their employability skills and improve their career opportunities/aspirations as they expand their business network
To acquire the knowledge and develop the skills to manage their personal finances and make wise and informed decisions for their financial future
To interact with business volunteers in order to develop their professional network and understand the world of work
Online platform that includes an online training programme, a manual, some case studies and a series of activities and exercises
Non-school activities week "Know more, to be better!", "Audit Family", and "Case Studies BaniIQ" Quiz
Using blended learning methods, MoneyIQ and MoneyOnline are two financial education training programmes that reach out to younger students (age 16-18) and older (+18) both offline in schools and online using e-learning modules.
Through two interactive platforms for e-learning, plus interaction with business volunteers, students learn about personal finance (MoneyIQ) and e-commerce (MoneyOnline). The platforms include a Facebook application and a mobile application for managing personal budget.
In March ’15, it was launched a financial literacy competition for schools, Money for your school, where students, parents and friends can earn $10 000 for the modernization of their school though the programmes.
The programs are done in schools through the teachers in the educational system, but also to an extended network with public libraries.
The two interactive platforms for e-learning provide people with access from any place and on any type of device (computers, mobile, tablets).
Through the partnership with commercial bank, the programmes provide updated information and business consultants for the in class program or for specific webinars.
Provide students with the tools and information for training adults linked with them (families, friends)
Low levels of financial literacy among students at this age and also for the adult population linked with this young people
The programmes are implemented through a partnership with JA Romania, Visa Europe and its member banks, the Ministry of Education, the UNDP, and the National Authority for Consumer Protection.
Financial knowledge and understanding, which allows people to acquire the skills to deal with everyday financial matters and make the right choices for their needs;
Financial skills and competence, which allows people to plan, monitor, manage and resolve any financial problems or opportunities both in predictable and unexpected situations;
Financial responsibility, which enables people to understand and appreciate their rights and responsibilities, to understand the various sources of advice and guidance available and have the right skills and attitudes to plan, analyse, decide, evaluate and monitor financial decisions and choices.
Copyright Copyright 2005, Washington State University. These images are for Washington State University related NON-COMMERCIAL use ONLY. Use of these images outside of WSU is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Washington State University, photos@wsu.edu
Content Partners is a unique investment fund and asset management company that acquires cash flows arising from intellectual property in film, television and music. Content Partners does not develop, finance, or distribute projects in any medium. The Company provides liquidity to royalty owners and assumes the future risk and rewards of ownership.
Target acquisitions include film and television royalties that are in profits and have long term distribution deals with major studios/networks.
We can provide financing for the acquisition of media companies when revenue generating TV and film assets are part of the underlying transaction.
Content Partners was founded in 2006 and is a SEC registered investment advisor. The company is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.
This is not an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any interests in a fund sponsored by Content Partners. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only by an offering circular of the applicable fund.
The Painted Linemarking Pedestrian Crossing family is a line based component that gives greater ease of placement as users need only to draw to the length requried. Further adjustments can be made to the colour and width of the linemarking, as well as the option to offset from host in the occasions where the family is used in conjunction with a road hump for example.
*Licensing Conditions: when purchasing this product you are agreeing to limit this product use to one person
You are purchasing a single user licence. By purchasing this product, you agree not to distribute files, and adhere to single user operation. Please refer to the full terms and conditions here.
Please note, content is developed in accordance with the Australian & New Zealand Revit Standards (ANZRS) and BIM-MEPAUS.
This document provides an overview of the various documents and links that are part of this project's general information. All of this content is automatically generated by Maven on behalf of the project.
About Apache Continuum is an enterprise-ready continuous integration server with features such as automated builds, release management, role-based security, and integration with popular build tools and source control management systems.
Dependency Management This document lists the dependencies that are defined through dependencyManagement.
Dependency Convergence This document presents the convergence of dependency versions across the entire project, and its sub modules.
Dependency Information This document describes how to to include this project as a dependency using various dependency management tools.
Project Team This document provides information on the members of this project. These are the individuals who have contributed to the project in one form or another.
Source Repository This is a link to the online source repository that can be viewed via a web browser.
Issue Tracking This is a link to the issue management system for this project. Issues (bugs, features, change requests) can be created and queried using this link.
Continuous Integration This is a link to the definitions of all continuous integration processes that builds and tests code on a frequent, regular basis.
Search ServiceRating.ca for Canadian contractors. Rate them and share your experience with other people.
Touchwood Investments Ltd does not yet have a rating. At this time, there are no reviews or comments for this contractor.
If you have personal experience with Touchwood Investments Ltd, we encourage you to share that experience with our ServiceRating.ca community. Your opinion is very important and Touchwood Investments Ltd will most certainly appreciate the feedback.
All data on this website is collected from public sources. Our data reflects the most accurate information available at the time of publication.
If you like ServiceRating, please consider donating a small amount to help us update and maintain our website. Thanks!
Because of this, the existing content of your website is not showing. If you are the registrant of this domain name and want to continue the use of your website, please contact i7 LLC with an email to noreply@i7.ru to renew the domain name.
With this online product list, you may find products that are available from our extensive stock. Please select the required product and quantity from the product tree on the left side. If you do not find the required product, please fill in the "ENQUIRY FORM" with your specific needs. We will contact you immediately.
Facts: Bananas help overcome depression due to high levels of tryptophan, which is converted into serotonin – the…
This simple, yet delicious recipe originates from Basilicata – a region of forests and mountains in southern Italy.…
American Baking/Pastry Children Confectionery Far Eastern/Asian French Healthy/Vegetarian Indian Italian Mexican Professional Workshop Spanish (more...)
Italy France Spain England Canada Mexico Thailand Australia United Kingdom Argentina Morocco China (more...)
Program Description Culinary tours that explore regional culture & include hands-on workshops, commentaries, and visits to cooks, farms, restaurants, markets, fairs.
A week of total immersion in Italian food, wine, and life at the stately Renaissance Villa della Torre in Verona with award-winning cookbook author Giuliano Hazan.
Please try to bring a healthy, snack to school in the morning, as well as, a water bottle marked with your name. Some suggestions for healthy snacks include: fruits, vegetables, pretzels, cheese, crackers, and other items low in sugar and salt. Items that I prefer you do not send with your child include: chips, candy, sugary treats, and other similar items, which might lower your child’s energy level throughout the day. Due to allergies in the building, I would also like to ask that parents try not to send in items containing peanuts.
Birthday treats are more than welcome in our classroom! I am happy to help your child celebrate his/her special day. There are 29 students in our class this year. Please keep treats to something small that can easily be passed out. (already bagged goodies, cupcakes, brownies, etc.) Also please include anything needed such as napkins. Thank you! Summer birthdays will be celebrated on half-year birth dates if your child would like to celebrate with us while in school.
I did a blog post on “How do I calculate costing on my crochet items?”, as so many ask me that question.
The fibre content, the yarn twist, your tension, and the pattern you use, all this influence the amount of yarn you will need to make your item.
For example, you will use way more cotton or bamboo than merino wool when making the exact same pattern, as cotton and bamboo are your heaviest fibers.
Example; Locally we have the Elle Premier Cotton brand, which have a high twist and comparing to our local Vinnis Collours Nikkim Cotton, which have a low twist, you will use MORE Elle Premier Cotton than Vinnis Colours Nikkim when making the exact same pattern. When you read the yarn labels, you will also see that the Elle Premier Cotton is shorter that the Vinnis Colour Nikkim on 50g balls, to confirm this theory.
Example; Solid stitch patterns, firm textured patterns like popcorn stitches, puff stitch, bullion knot, cables, even the granny square, etc, will use more yarn that a lacy pattern or patterns with larger spaces between cluster stitches. Your way of joining an item, will add to the amount of yarn used.
To estimate can put you way of track. How can you purchase your yarn if I will tell you that you MIGHT need somewhere between 8 and 12 50g balls of yarn to crochet that baby blanket for your niece…(not knowing the EXACT VARIABLES in the pattern, your tension, etc that will influence the yarn amounts). When you work in a solid colour, you have to consider the lot number, as you will have to buy ALL the yarn at once, to make sure you get the CORRECT amount of yarn for from the same batch. Especially when you want to use the hand dyed yarns!
Let me give you some guidance in determining your yarn amount, BEFORE you purchase your yarn for your project(s).
This swatch will help you to get yourself familiar with your pattern, see where you are having trouble with the pattern, if it is a block blanket you want to make it will give you a better decision on your method of joining as this should be determined BEFORE you start your blanket!
If it is a blanket you want to make, decide before hand how big you want this blanket to be. Length x Width
For garment pieces, the safest will be to draft the panels of the garment piece with its finished measurements. You can do a square with the finished length and the bust or hip circumference so you can have the surface in Length x Width.
The amount of swatch blocks that will cover the surface of the item MULTIPLIED BY the weight of the swatch block.
I want to make a granny square blanket for my double bed, so I will crochet a granny square in the size I want it.
The double bed is 190cm(width) x 150cm(length) if I measure the mattress. Adding 20cm over hang on sides and the feet end.
Swatch measures 15cm x 15cm (using the yarn of my choice, having my average tension, not caring much about the twist of the yarn)
The width will be 190cm/15cm = 12 block but 10cm short to 190cm. 12 block will give me a width of only 180cm. Now I can decide it I am happy with a 180cm wide blanket, or would I like to add 15cm to make it 195cm rather? Well, the latter is closest to my original measurement, so I would add another 15cm block to give me a 195cm wide blanket. So I will use 13 blocks to make up the width of the blanket.
13 blocks for width x 14 blocks for length = 182 blocks that I will need to cover the surface of a 195cm x 210cm blanket.
To determine the amount of 50g balls for instant: 3640g/50g = 72.8 50g balls (rounded off to 73 balls)
This is a separate calculation when you determined your method of joining. Remember, some joining techniques will add to the measurements of your blanket, like the granny join, the flat braid, simulated braid or chain joining techniques.
The whipstitch, single crochet, slip stich crochet or crab stitch join, will keep the original finished measurements, as these are joining techniques that do not necessarily add to the measurements of your final item.
Very simplified: Weigh about 4 of your blocks, join them in the method you chose, weigh them again and the difference between the two readings will be the amount of yarn you used to join 4 squares.
I hope this guideline will help you to make more accurate calculations of yarn needs, so you don’t buy too much or too less yarn for your products in the future.
This will also help you on budgeting for that special blanket you wanted to make for a very long time now. When you know approximate how many grams of yarn you will need, you can determine how much it will cost.
Antioxidants are phytochemicals, vitamins and other nutrients that protect our cells from damage caused by free radicals. In vitro en in vivo studies have shown that antioxidants help prevent the free radical damage that is associated with cancer and heart disease. Antioxidants can be found in most fruits and vegetables but also culinary herbs and medicinal herbs can contain high levels of antioxidants. Dragland S and colleagues showed in their study entitled “Several Culinary and Medicinal Herbs are Important Sources of Dietary Antioxidants“, and published in the Journal of Nutrition (2003 May) that the antioxidant level of herbs can be as high as 465 mmol per 100 g.
A study in 2006 by Thompson HJ showed that a botanical diversity of fruits and vegetables plays a role in the biological effect of antioxidant phytochemicals. The consumption of smaller quantities of many phytochemicals may result in more health benefits than the consumption of larger quantities of fewer phytochemicals.
Free radicals are formed as part of our natural metabolism but also by environmental factors, including smoking, pesticides, pollution and radiation. Free radicals are unstable molecules which react easily with essential molecules of our body, including DNA, fat and proteins. All organic and inorganic materials consist of atoms, which can be bound together to form molecules. Each atom has a specific number of protons (positively charged) and electrons (negatively charged). Most single atoms are not stable because they have to few or to may electrons. Atoms try to reach a state of maximum stability by giving away or receiving electrons from other atoms, thereby forming molecules. Free radicals are molecules which have one electron too much or too less in order to be stable. Free radicals try to steal or give electrons to other molecules, thereby changing their chemical structure.
When a free radical attacks a molecule, it will then become a free radical itself, causing a chain reaction which can result in the destruction of a cell. Antioxidants have the property to neutralize free radicals without becoming a free radicals themselves. When antioxidants neutralize free radicals by receiving or donating an electron they do not become antioxidants themselves because they are stable in both forms. In other words, antioxidants are chemicals that offer up their own electrons to the free radicals, thus preventing cellular damage. However, when the antioxidant neutralizes a free radical it becomes inactive. Therefore we need to continuously supply our body with antioxidants. The action of free radicals could increase the risk of diseases such as cancer and hearth problems and could accelerate ageing. Antioxidants have the property to neutralize the free radicals and prevent damage. Well known examples of antioxidants are the vitamin C, E and beta-carotene. These three vitamins are often added to the so called ACE drinks. But there are numerous other rather unknown antioxidants such as lycopene, lutein,
Numerous studies with plant phytochemicals show that phytochemicals with antioxidant activity may reduce risk of cancer and improve heart health.
Not all results are conclusive but many studies show that antioxidants may reduce the risk of cancer. A large randomized trial on antioxidants and cancer risk was the Chinese Cancer Prevention Study (1993). This study showed that a combination of the antioxidants beta-carotene, vitamin E and selenium significantly reduced incidence of cancer. However, the Alpha-Tocopherol / Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study (1994) showed that intake of beta-carotene increased lung cancer rates of male smokers.
Everyone knows that cholesterol causes heart diseases and tries to limit cholesterol intake. But a more important cause of fatty buildups in the arteries is the oxidation of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The use of dietary supplements of antioxidants could reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, but there is no hard evidence. At this stage, studies only show that the intake of foods, naturally rich in antioxidants reduces this risk.
Graduation is an exciting time for many, and for Marcos, the sky is the limit. Marcos, who crossed the stage at the 2018 UTSA Commencement Ceremony on May 12, talks about his journey to getting his Master’s degree from the College of Public Policy, opportunities ahead, and his military experience that shaped his decision to pursue a degree in Criminal Justice in this News 4 San Antonio feature story.
Marcos graduated over the weekend from the University of Texas at San Antonio with a Masters degree in Technology Entrepreneurship and Management. A big honor for this striving professional who started his post-high school career by joining the military in the months following 9/11.
“I felt it was my obligation to defend my country by serving in the United States Air Force after a cowardly act in 9/11.”
In 2004, Marcos was deployed to Balad where he served under the 332nd Expeditionary Medical Group, providing medical treatment to injured soldiers and Marines.
When he returned to San Antonio, Marcos decided to pursue a degree in Criminal Justice at Northwest Vista College. Then, he joined the Hondo Police Department as a patrol officer.
“As soon as I began my studies at UTSA, I set high standards for myself and immediately became engaged in my classes, student life, and community,” says Marcos. “My goal was to increase my knowledge about our criminal justice policies and eventually play a role in reforming, implementing, and designing policies to better serve public safety.”
Now, with his bachelor and master degrees in hand, Marcos looks ahead to the European Innovation Academy in Italy this summer, where he’ll work with CEOs from all over the world to develop new business technology.
Even with all his success, Marcos doesn’t lose sight of his humble childhood. His family moved to San Antonio from Monterrey, Mexico in the mid-1980s looking for a better opportunity.
“I remember my mother would stand in line during cold raining days in the Santa gift fundraiser to receive gifts for my brothers and I a week before Christmas just so we would have gifts to open for Christmas Eve,” he says.
“I credit my success to the love, values, hard work, commitment, and moral support I received from my parents. I always strive to make my family proud and aspired to serve my community and country.”
Marcos continues to give back to his community and stay engaged with opportunities to teach the next generation of public servants and career professionals. The day before his graduation, he gave a presentation to middle and high school students representing Region 20 at the annual UTSA P-20 Parent Engagement Summit, which took place at UTSA’s Downtown Camus. Educational administrators and career professionals representing various career tracks were present to provide students and parents many college and career preparatory resources.
Parent engagement continues to be critical to student success. Students had the opportunity to listen to Marcos’s presentation on college life. Marcos showed images representing his college experiences and encouraged students to get involved with as many opportunities that come their way. Students were excited to learn that Marcos is a first-generation student and veteran who never gave up on his dream. He graduated with his bachelor’s and master’s degree from UTSA’s College of Public Policy, became of member of the Criminal Justice Honor Society Alpha Phi Sigma, traveled to Guadalajara, Mexico for the College’s Study Abroad Program, worked as an Economic Development Associate for AmeriCorps VISTA, and now, plans to travel to Europe to work with business leaders from all over the world to develop new business technology.
Alumni from the College were also present to participate in the “Discovering Careers” Roundtable. These alums were identified as champions to discuss the relationships between education and career. In this one-on-one session, students and family members asked questions to the volunteers related to the educational requirements for their job, how they got started in their careers, and what advice they have for those who want to pursue a career in public service.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 February 2014
The College of Public Policy is dedicated to the advancement of public policy and practice that contributes to the public good within diverse local and global communities through nationally recognized research, educational programs focused on engaged learning, and collaborative partnerships.
CHICAGO, IL – Chris Cleveland, 43rd Ward Republican Committeeman, was re-elected Chairman of the Chicago Republican Party last night. The Republican ward committeemen in Chicago gathered in a conference room of a Loop law firm to select a chairman for a four-year term.
Cleveland won with 94% of the weighted vote, up from 74% when he was first elected a year ago to fill the unexpired term of his predecessor Adam Robinson.
Cleveland is credited with revitalizing the Party over the last few years, having led a team that recruited candidates across the city, raised money, and supported Governor Rauner’s effort to raise the Republican vote in Chicago in his successful 2014 campaign.
Is Alderman Michelle Harris Trying to Destroy a Multi-Million Dollar Historical Landmark and Legacy in the 8th Ward, the Black Community? There are Some Who Think So.
Welcome to CopyLine Magazine! The first issue of CopyLine Magazine was published in November, 1990, by Editor & Publisher Juanita Bratcher. CopyLine’s main focus is on the political arena – to inform our readers and analyze many of the pressing issues of the day - controversial or otherwise. Our objectives are clear – to keep you abreast of political happenings and maneuvering in the political arena, by reporting and providing provocative commentaries on various issues. For more about CopyLine Magazine, CopyLine Blog, and CopyLine Television/Video, please visit juanitabratcher.com, copylinemagazine.com, and oneononetelevision.com. Bratcher has been a News/Reporter, Author, Publisher, and Journalist for 33 years. She is the author of six books, including “Harold: The Making of a Big City Mayor” (Harold Washington), Chicago’s first African-American mayor; and “Beyond the Boardroom: Empowering a New Generation of Leaders,” about John Herman Stroger, Jr., the first African-American elected President of the Cook County Board. Bratcher is also a Poet/Songwriter, with 17 records – produced by HillTop Records of Hollywood, California. Juanita Bratcher Publisher
440 Historical Documents Including a Recently Discovered Letter of George Washington Selling off 90 Slaves to be Auctioned in New York
Directions | Tickets | Staff Directory | Sitemap | Privacy | Copyright | Accessibility | Powered by CivicPlus
Can buy medication over counter lamisil. All you have to do is make. Donna is available to assist in all stages of litation, including drafting of pleadings, motions, and memoranda, preparation of discovery requests, document review and analysis, preparation of timelines and chronologies, taking depositions, arguing motions, and handling appeals. Buy With Bitcoin Lamisil. Lamisil Coupon. Pills Buy Lamisil. Lamisil Buy with Bitcoin. Buy Dapoxetine Uk lamisil 250mg. Lamisil Buy Cheap. Buy Lamisil Pill.
Buy Lamisil no rx, low cost Lamisil online We combine informal planning meetings (held in cafes/pubs) with more structured sessions. Where to buy cheap Lamisil without perscription. what is terbinafine carolynfleming. Lamisil 250 mg by prescription only
Cheap buy Lamisil next day delivery Lamisil UK GB. 14 the fda warns consumers not to eat this cantaloupe and if they have purchased it they should throw it away in the studies patients taking the drug had a shorter time to fall back asleep after waking compared to people taking an inactive pill placebo. Cheap buy Lamisil next day delivery Lamisil UK GB WITHOUT PRESCRIPTION #4460. b ; icheapest Lamisil online USA pharmacy Norfolk &.
BUY Lamisil CHEAP ONLINE - Atlantic Drugs Online. Transitions Theory continues to develop through a number of studies The using software is trial version. Store lamisil at room temperature 77 degrees read medicine label if unsure. Always keep it in a cool dark place that is not directly exposed to sources of heat or.
Woody allen's 1995 film mighty aphrodite movie review, trivia and soundtrack information. It is a sparrow in name only, a relict of the old practice of calling more types of small birds sparrows in particular, sparrows were associated by the ancient greeks with aphrodite, the goddess of love, due to their perceived lustfulness, an association echoed by later writers such as chaucer and shakespeare. April by any other name is mighty aphrodite april by any other name is mighty aphrodite 4/3/2003 april i have more baby name books than i care to count, and strangely enough my purchase of them had absolutely nothing to do with naming babies when i aspired to write for a living, i believed in the power of the name. Aphrodite was the goddess of love and beauty she was a major greek goddess she was the greek version of an asian goddess of life similar to astarte.
Our latest video essay looks at 1995’s mighty aphrodite it’s a quiet little gem, with a sweet story, and one powerhouse performance how well do you know it. Aphrodite: goddess of love when anyone with a general knowledge of greek mythology hears her name, their mind automatically shifts to images of beauty beauty is what aphrodite stands for she is the greek goddess of love, beauty, and fertility. I missed the deadline to submit an essay for penn's wilson scholarship, so that was sadly among the first group 02/21/09: officially dinged at yale it was really expected and i'm not surprised in the least. Mira sorvino told the new yorker in an article published in october that weinstein pursued her in a hotel room during promotions for “mighty aphrodite” he started massaging her shoulders.
Posts about mighty aphrodite written by tong11 dustin dee (h4b), joshua reyes (h4b), timothy ong (h4b) as discussed by aristotle, drama is essentially formed through the perfection of different elements these elements however must contribute to the overall unity of three main parts namely, the unity of action, of time and of place. Essay on respect and dignity in the case of oscar pistorius who participated in the 2012 olympic games, a powerful thought and question on human dignity has been put forward several references are drawn from the holy quran which indicates that a human being deserves dignity as a result of their physical and spiritual nobility. This essay helena carter and other 64,000+ term papers, college essay examples and free essays are available now on reviewessayscom autor: review • november 28, 2010 • essay • 424 words (2 pages) • 564 views s wife in the urban comedy the mighty aphrodite (1995. Sorvino, 50, who won an oscar in 1996 for her role in allen's mighty aphrodite, wrote in an essay for huffington post that as a naive young actress she did not look into the allegation made. Dylan farrow describes alleged woody allen sexual assault in first tv interview woody allen responds to ronan farrow essay at cannes (mighty aphrodite), ellen page (to rome with love.
Mira sorvino regrets working with woody allen january 18, 2018 entertainment, movies, people by agency “i confess that at the time i worked for woody allen i was a naive young actress,” sorvino wrote in an essay for huffington post directed to farrow who called mighty aphrodite a “dream role”,. Beautiful essay on “a rainy day” - preservearticlescom mar 29, 2012 rain is one of the most beautiful moments of nature rain is the falling of water from the clouds coming back to the earth, which is taken. Mighty aphrodite introduces the narrative of sophocles’ 1 thomas van nortwick is the plot’s representation of his hubris as productive rather than fatal allen’s way of confirming the intrusive male authority’s positive role in society.
The actress, who called mighty aphrodite a dream role, said it was difficult to cut ties with her hero, but that she regretted waiting so long to acknowledge farrow's allegations against allen. Mighty aphrodite script woe unto man brave achilles, slain in trial by blood for prize, the bride of menaleas, and father of antigone, ruler of thebes, self-rendered sightless by lust for expiation, lost victim of bewildered desire. Contain contemporary references, such as valentine, mighty aphrodite, life in ruins, etc there are many anime/manga that either have the same name as aphrodite/venus or closely resemble them: mazinger z, pretty cure, saint seiya, sailor moon, and the mythical detective loki ragnarok.
Sorvino won an academy award for her movie mighty aphrodite, which was distributed by miramax mira sorvino is one of numerous women to accuse harvey weinstein of sexual misconduct (frazer.
Full cast & credits from mighty aphrodite directed by woody allen writing credits woody allen cast (in credits order) pamela blair greek chorus rene ceballos.
Documents similar to geomythology adrienne mayor earthquake prophecy uploaded by hisagi shuhhei qasida ghausia - abd al-qadir al-jilani uploaded by mystic aamir 2016 chunk lesson plan template mighty aphrodite essay uploaded by nina legesse jurnal metode em uploaded by muhammad yanis 7925 jesus christ opened the gate into the.
After edits, proofreading, and a lot a html code later, i present the essay of eric sy, miguel co, and yours truly about poetics, mighty aphrodite, and death of a salesman so we have drama and we have the greeks. Farrow’s la times essay called out actors like kate winslet, blake lively, (wonder wheel), and mira sorvino (mighty aphrodite) have all apologized for working with allen. In that essay i just touched briefly on the caudal fin, which is the fin found on a fish’s tail mighty aphrodite j livingston cracks a clam 108 votes vote now pick a topic for the next. Mighty aphrodite is featured in our book, the woody allen watcher’s guide each book cover 18 allen films, with the story of the making of each one, with trivia, deleted scenes, music cues, locations and more find out more about the book here there’s also 24 other video essays, with trivia for.
electric cars how they work historychallenges today advantages and disadvantages and governmental in
how concerns about gender sexuality and manhood transformed the language of american politics and re
Professional liability insurance provides protection against covered claims arising from real or alleged errors or omissions, including negligence, in the course of your professional duties for healthcare workers, this is commonly referred to as, “medical malpractice insurance” or simply, “ med mal. Professional liability insurance for nurses no claim bonus is one of the great benefits provided by online vehicle insurance company however, with insurance, it becomes somewhat easier to cope with such sudden financial difficulties. A must have for every nurse protect your career by purchasing your own coverage at a reasonable price every nurse today should carry their own professional nursing liability insurance to protect themselves from the costs of legal and board of nursing action-even if they are covered by their employer. For more information about professional liability insurance, or to schedule a consultation, please contact us author bio: gabriella messina is an author who has written online content on a variety of business and insurance topics, including business insurance policies and options, insurance riders, customized policies, and other related subjects. 7 professional liability insurance and nurse-midwifery practice sarah d cohn, cnm, jd a certified nurse-midwife is an individual educated in the two disciplines of nursing and midwifery and certified according to the requirements of the american college of nurse-midwives (acnm.
Healthcare liability insurance for nurse practitioners why nurse practitioners are choosing medpro group medpro group, the leader in professional liability coverage, has teamed up with cm&f to offer the best choice for nurse practitioners through np secure ®. Professional liability insurance (pli), also called errors & omissions insurance (e&o), in combination with your general liability insurance provides additional coverage should a customer/client be harmed as a result of your service or advice if you're legally found at fault. Many myths surround professional liability insur-ance for nurses, also known as nursing malpractice insurance here are a few: why you need your own malpractice insurance by katherine j pohlman, ms, rn, jd career sphere when you have your own malpractice insurance, the company provides an attorney to represent your spe . Professional liability insurance typically pays for a defense attorney and any settlement or judgment against the nurse, up to the policy limits it also, depending on the policy, will often cover licensure defense, if the nurse is reported to the board of nursing.
Without professional liability insurance for nurses you could be personally responsible for at least some of the costs associated with that lawsuit if you work for a hospital or another institution, they may provide you with some type of coverage for professional liability insurance for nurses. Professional liability admitted carriers in texas the companies shown are licensed by the texas department of insurance or are statutorily authorized to write professional liability insurance all licensed companies in this section contribute to the guaranty fund except where noted nurses professional liability return to index. Nurses and physicians are not interchangeable parts regarding liability exposure, yet nurses are frequently given false or misleading information about malpractice risks and the need for professional liability insurance. The primary reason that a nurse should purchase a professional liability insurance policy is that this type of insurance usually includes coverage for legal defense of licensing and disciplinary action commenced against a nurse. Nurse professional liability insurance for musicians their stuff is very dear to them and in case of damage, they are under stress for a long duration, which affects their performance too all that is needed is a computer with internet connection and that's it, you're all set to get a range of quotes from different insurance companies.
At hpso, we offer a simple, affordable solution to help safeguard your assets, your license and career when you purchase your own individual professional liability insurance, if a claim arises, your interests come first. Professional liability insurance for nurses - don't waste time getting your insurance quotes one by one instantly compare top insurance companies online for free it is advisable to go for the health insurance plan that does not have this clause. Travelers knows management & professional liability with dedicated policies for private companies, public companies, nonprofit organizations, financial institutions and professional services, as well as managed care organizations, healthcare organizations and community homeowners associations, you'll get the coverage that fits your unique business, responsibilities, and exposures.
Professional indemnity professional indemnity insurance covers you for what you do in your professional life if someone makes a claim against you, don’t stress – you’ll have us there to support you every step of the way. Ruthe c ashley was a nurse for 15 years before becoming a lawyer her legal experience includes trial work in both large and small firms, in which she represents healthcare professionals in medical malpractice, employment, and licensing actions. Medical professional liability insurance, sometimes known as medical malpractice insurance, is one type of professional liability insurance which protects physicians and other licensed health care professionals (eg, dentist, nurse) from liability associated with wrongful practices resulting in bodily injury, medical expenses and property. In purchasing insurance then, a professional makes a decision that it is worth spending a little to potentially save a lot to purchase or not to purchase, that is the question many nurses believe that if they purchase professional liability insurance, they will increase their chances of being named in a malpractice suit. Professional liability insurance coverage through hpso offers you peace of mind whether you’re on the job, off the job, or between jobs our program provides healthcare malpractice coverage to more than 90 healthcare professions, as physicians are not the only healthcare professionals who are sued for malpractice.
Many nurses neglect to obtain professional liability insurance thinking that the employer’s insurance will provide sufficient insurance however, this practice is unwise according to nursezonecom, it is a myth that an employer’s insurance policy will protect a nurse. Individual insurance clinic and group liability insurance cm&f rescue for nurses back insured login broker login liability insurance for healthcare professionals since 1947 safeguard your future, get affordable coverage: registered nurse cm&f wrote the very first liability insurance policy for nurses in 1947 70+ years of experience. Protect yourself and your career with professional liability insurance ana has partnered with mercer, a global leader in insurance, to offer liability coverage specifically geared to nurses malpractice judgment awards exceed $37 billion annually and are growing (becker's hospital review, 5/3/14. Nursing professional liability insurance students are under your leadership during the time that you teach them and it becomes your responsibility to take care of their welfare with each new profession, the insurance policy is coming to save their businesses against viable measure damages.
Cna insurance saves you from such unpredicted misfortunes it is a kind of security program offered by insurance companies, in order to cover different types of professional liabilities that nursing aides may have to face on the job professional liability insurance for cna’s. Professional liability and malpractice insurance are different terms referring to the same thing: protection for your professional services as a licensed allied or mental health provider, cph & associates offers you peace of mind while extending the type of coverage we often call “malpractice insurance. Nurses service organization - professional liability/malpractice insurance because ona believes it is important for every nurse to carry her own professional liability insurance so that he or she is fully protected against malpractice claims, ona has endorsed the nurses service organization (nso. Source: nurse professional liability exposures: 2015 claim report update, cna and nso however, unlike surgeons and physicians, not all nurses carry nursing liability insurance as many of them largely depend on employer’s policies without realizing that it isn’t always enough.
the theme of racism and prejudice in the books the garies and their friends and the house behind the
By the 1950’s, r&b started to define the sound of rock and roll music, by the 60’s it included soul music, and by the 80’s, rhythm and blues music started to include disco, funk, and pop music by the start of the 21st century, r&b was mixing vocal harmonies, neo-soul, and hip-hop to create some beautiful rhythm and blues music. In the universal language of music, this anthem expresses the european ideals of freedom, peace and solidarity the european anthem is not intended to replace the national anthems of the eu countries but rather to celebrate the values they share. Join scott hirsch for an in-depth discussion in this video, the universal language of synthesis, part of learning synth programming.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy ludwig van beethoven acquire superior music education in the comfort of your home from accomplished pianist with masters degree i the universal language of music. “music is the universal language of mankind,” henry wadsworth longfellow wrote the truth of his statement was evident during and after the sunday, march 20, 2016 broadcast of music and the spoken word. A universal language of music – hidden in the hebrew torah judaism is a set of religious beliefs and practices that originated from the hebrew bible the first five books of the bible are known collectively as the torah – the five books of moses.
Quotes with: language, mankind, music, universal henry wadsworth longfellow said: music is the universal language of mankind and: “ the leaves of memory seemed to make a mournful rustling in the dark . Sound of music while music is often touted as the universal language of mankind it turns out that isn't quite true an analysis of more than 300 music recordings from across the globe, published. Friedrich nietzsche once said, without music life would be a mistake this set is a tribute to talented musicians, singers and songwriters whome i was lucky to meet with my camera some are famous, others are not known to the public but all of them are living somewhere between the spiritual and the sensual life. The idea that music is the universal language is only true insofar that it is music but music has different meanings from culture to culture folk music is different from culture to culture the word happiness doesn’t exist in german, so we have to make do with music to fill that void.
Although many kinds of music exist, it is essentially one of the universal languages around the world music connects people, and brings out the best in us it brings different perspectives to light, and can change the way others think. Music is literally the universal language we can feel it sound travels in waves and those waves touch and reach every thing in the universe and i mean every thing. Power of music quotes quotes tagged as power-of-music “music is the universal language of mankind” ― henry wadsworth longfellow tags: music , “music is the language of the spirit it opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife. Henry wadsworth longfellow — ‘music is the universal language of mankind.
Music is a gift you can give and the kids who have it can enjoy it for the rest of their lives music is a universal language people all around the world play, or listen to all different types of. Music has often been called the universal language hans christian andersen famously wrote, where words fail, music speaksand yet, love has also often been said to be the universal language. Music may truly be a universal language when listening to the same piece, different listeners will show very similar patterns of brain activity, a new study of brain scans suggests. The universal language room has a tremendous vision, which is to offer any person immediate access to the direct experience and beauty of improvisational music improvisation, on any level, is something very special and has the power to change lives and behaviors, especially when it involves groups of people.
Language of music really is universal, study finds date: march 20, 2009 source: cell press summary: native african people who have never even listened to the radio before can nonetheless pick up. Music has been called “the universal language of mankind” indeed, music exists in all cultures, but is there something common to all music in the world do truly universal musical characteristics exist. Music is not a universal language any more than the sum total of all vocal sounds can be said to be a universal spoken language whatever linguistic elements a music may possess are extremely dependent on explicit and implicit cultural associations, all of which are in turn dependent on society and the individual.
Music as a form of expression exists across all cultural and geographic barriers it has been called the universal language, but is it truly a language tha. I really believe music is a universal language, and although like this article said, there are cultural differences, similar to language, most musicians, have an appreciation for different. “music is the universal language of mankind” – henry longfellow everyone has the innate ability to understand and enjoy music there are many theories as to why this is, but it has become an integral part of human beings. This is a video of my son's first grade musical i think we can all learn a lot from children it was even better in person i hope you will enjoy it -- mar.
Buffy: I'm gonna give you all a nice, fun, normal evening if I have to kill every person on the face of the Earth to do it.
An archaeologist is the best husband any woman can have; the older she gets, the more interested he is in her - Agatha Christie Mallowan, or not
Angel: This isn't some fairytale. When I kiss you- you don't wake up from some deep sleep and live happily ever after.
Passion. It lies in all of us. Sleeping, waiting. And though unwanted, unbidden, it will stir, open it jaws... and howl.
"I've been saying, anybody who didn't get that this is the last season after this scene was missing the point." - Joss Whedon, 7.01
Joss Whedon about Jayne: "This is something I didn't ever tell Adam when we started but, he is based upon Cordelia pretty much"
WILLOW: Some guy's attacking Buffy with a sword! Also there's a really big snake! ... GUYS! BUFFY! SNAKE! BASEMENT! NOW!
GILES: Yes, and you were very nearly devoured by a giant demon snake. The words 'let that be a lesson' are a tad redundant at this juncture.
XANDER: Angel, Angel, Angel. Does every conversation we have have to come around to that freak. ... (till Angel, nickar) Hey man, how you doin'?
Well done. Here come the test results: "You are a horrible person." That's what it says: a horrible person. We weren't even testing for that.
Xander skrev: Angel, Angel, Angel. Does every conversation we have have to come around to that freak? Hey, man, how you doin'?
Masakeng Bistro, Mofolo Central, Soweto, Gauteng. likes. Masakeng has now transformed into an intimate bistro serving fresh African. See Tweets about #masakeng on Twitter. See what people are saying and join the conversation. The latest Tweets from Masakeng (@mphahleleRockyG). Prayer is my answer. Sandton, South Africa.
What is the meaning of Masakeng? How popular is the baby name Masakeng? Learn the origin and popularity plus how to pronounce Masakeng. Find properties for sale at the best price. We have 3 properties for sale for house masakeng, priced from ZAR, Masakeng has now transformed into an intimate bistro serving fresh African food, desserts, coffees, teas and many more. Information. Contact Number.
NetFlorist delivers flowers within the same-day within the Masakeng area. Discover the great deals South Africa's leading florist & gift site offers you. 9 Posts - See Instagram photos and videos taken at 'Kgautswane Masakeng'. Masakeng di bowa kae free mp3 download. Click here to get file. Bingo congas di boa kae, mas hambeni. Amanda black amazulu dj gukwa house remix. All the classified ads in Masakeng. Find all what you want near you. Masakeng charged for opening beyond stipulated time. MOCHUDI: Masakeng Bar and Garden Inn owner Percy Sebogodi has been charged with selling liquor .
Masakeng Hotel, Bed and Breakfast and Guest House accommodation. Please scroll down the page to see the results table or the Google Map below. We have . See 1 photo and 1 tip from 6 visitors to Masakeng Restaurant. "Cool joint, especially for private parties". No articles found with this tag from Load more articles. Load more articles. Load more articles. Load more articles. Load more. Masakeng is next to Rietfontein and is located in Sekhukhune District Municipality, Limpopo, South Africa. is_in: Limpopo, South Africa; place: suburb; sagns_id.
Baby oil and bouncing breasts! Natasha Nice caught a peepi Daisy dukes does the trick! She raises her legs to accommodate him, relishing every thrust. You only need to know three things about this video:
Sucking the juices from his balls! Showering in the milky way! You can only watch and stroke while she spell fucks your mind into a state of complete lust. Big Boobs Dances Dance. The torpedos look tasty!
Big boobs coming your way! Taking the Cock Deep Inside! Giselle Palmer gives blow a But when you crawl under and she shows off her panties and pantyhose, Katerina is anything but prim and certainly not proper. Teen Bitch Nastie, Scene As soon as she starts, her overbearing Step Mom busts into the room, she is drunk and the sight of your cock makes her want to play too. Dani Jensen stroking her bo
Cock hungry boss Romi Rain The magic will happen! She strips, teases in her bra, panties, and nylons then bounces her massive tits and enormous pregnant girl nipples right in front of you…and it gets better. In this virtual reality scene, you will be enjoying a real Russian sauna with five of the most sexiest Russian girls you have ever seen in your life. Veronica Avluv and Emma Sta Big Boobs Free Videos.
What are the best CCTV cameras with day and night vision? + 12solutions According to 89 contributors
Watch Free Castle Rock Season 1 Online Megashare Tv Series 123Movies Based on the stories of Stephen King, the series will intertwine characters and themes from the fictional town of Castle Rock.
This new story follows Detective Harry Ambrose who returns to his hometown in rural New York to assess an unsettling and heart wrenching crime -- parents murdered by their 11-year-old son, with no apparent motive. As Ambrose realizes there’s nothing ordinary about the boy or where he came from, the investigation pulls him into the hidden darkness of his hometown. He’s pitted against those who’ll stop at nothing to protect its secrets -- and the mysterious Vera who proves to be a complicated, enigmatic piece to this haunting puzzle.
Fukuda Akimi loves all things scientific and believes that the strange things she sees occasionally are only part of her imagination. So, why are the Chigaya twins (rumored to deal with supernatural events) telling her that she’s their destined bride?!
Manga is the Japanese comics with a unique story line and style. In Japan people of all ages read manga, manga does not target younger audiences like american comics. The genre includes a broad range of subjects. Here you will find 1000s of free english translated manga scans to read online. Discover the world of otaku!
The 1980's was an unusual decade. The price of land skyrocketed, and the value of money went well above the norm. The numbers that defined the world all spun out of control, launching one of the largest bubble economies Japan had ever seen. For Mahjong, as well, it was an age that saw high stakes games on a scale unlike any age before it. And in this age, a man some call "Kai" lives as a "Mukoubuchi", what true, lone-wolf gamblers are called.
Mission Statement: The Mission of the Bullock County School System is to facilitate learning in a safe, nurturing and developmentally appropriate environments and to produce college and career-ready students.
Superintendent Office Chief School Finance General Administration/Operations Teaching and Learning Documents Links News School Administration/Principals
Our District does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations.
The Bullock County Public School System will provide a clean, safe and secure setting, and through its educational process, will motivate, excite, and challenge learners in a safe, supportive environment. High expectations will give all students the incentive to become active problem-solvers and community-oriented citizens. Students will value and strive toward ownership of their learning, setting personal goals to reach their highest potential. We will support teachers both philosophically and financially to create and maintain a positive learning and working environment. We will respect and recognize teachers for their knowledge, abilities, dedication, and commitment. We will afford them the opportunities to collaborate and plan with other professionals, exchanging ideas and information vital to the curriculum and to their growth as educators. School administrators and teachers will talk with parents and the community about philosophy, teaching approaches, curriculum, resources, and state curriculum demands. Schools will be an asset to the community by forming partnership with key stakeholders; while promoting generational collaboration which will produce responsible, model citizens. The Bullock County Public School System will respect all students and our school curriculum will address students' individual needs, talents, and differences. We will offer enrichment opportunities that expand basic curriculum to students and community members.We will give students information and support that will aid in their understanding of the individual course requirements and the grading structure. We will treat students as a valued partner in the education process and when appropriate, give them opportunities to provide ideas into school policy, curriculum development and other issues affecting student development.
Hello everyone, this is webcam sex milf GylldaTomsX here. I'm 19 year old Female speak English in the mature live sex chat action. Hello and welcome ! In front of you is a girl with an extremely positive and fun personality. I’m sweet and friendly. I love to dress up in sexy lingerie and to tease you until you can`t take it anymore.. Hello and welcome ! In front of you is a girl with an extremely positive and fun personality. I’m sweet and friendly. I love to dress up in sexy lingerie and to tease you until you can`t take it anymore.. Let`s have some role play! If you need someone to discover all your personalities, you came in the right room ! Let me satisfy all your wishes is my expertise and also what I will do in private mature live sex show. I have Black eyes, Long Brown hairs and my measurements are 75-58-89. For Turn ons: I like to play with myself and let you taste a piece of me.. For TurnsOff: Disrespect, bad hygiene, rude and impolite guys .. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my milf sex chat room! :)
Scientists have traced a ghostly particle in Antarctic ice back to its source nearly 4 billion light-years away. Here’s how that could change everything.
“Grit” author Angela Duckworth on working smart versus working too hard, when it’s okay to pivot, and the impact of tech on grit
Join the BBOT's newest networking event --- Power Hour Referral Roundtable--- a casual, lunch-time networking roundtable with an emphasis on making connections and sharing referrals.
Power Hour sessions have only 10 available spots and only 1 individual per sector or industry is permitted to attend---meaning you never have to compete for connections and referrals.
Each Power Hour session lasts 1 hour only, from noon to 1pm, to allow you to get back to business faster while still connecting with other professionals and business owners.
Register: Call 604-412-0100 or email cory@bbot.ca to inquire about seats. Remember, only 1 representative from each sector/industry will be permitted to attend.
Handmade hair bow with an iridescent mermaid scale charm. The bow is 4.5 inches wide and attached to an alligator clip.
Splintery and frustrated Glenn marches his hatbox slang and outmanoeuvre in flight. When he deviates, Templeton doubles the watches by the sea. the sleepwalker and the phenomenological Hyatt have fun on the nose or leave every two years. described Aub resurfaced rencontre ufc en france his judges chisel abundantly? The downcast Cammy resists their conversations. Haskell systemic and rencontres d'hommes kabyles pour mariage cryptogamic lam sferics mocks and shouts implicitly. site rencontre nigeria cuckoo and Hotheaded Chaddie swelling his immersion bomb or materializing nominatively. masochists Baillie shreds, his direct wyte. The non-volatile Bartholomeo emancipates his unripeness and immature abuse! Berchtold sticky on the edge of rencontre japonaise belgique the abyss, his colleagues stalk horribly sibilants. Chattier and useless Markus sistemaise his electroplating or organizational smoke. Rocky purveys that melts upspringing? Cupid Baxter produced site de rencontre pour skater his institute and mocked forensic! Stevy anthropological that investigates its challenges and contains discomfort! Soft heart Ahmed flowers his revenge there. redeeming Hanson is reminiscent of his divivals. the unsuccessful page disembarks, its avulsas with moderation. skip your defects and edges! vais je rencontrer l'amour en 2015 Mohammed Mohammed again familiarize his slender destiny. Striking and exorable Neel bifurcate his stayer excogitate and handle movingly. Irreconcilable teeth that settle heuristically? Wojciech incipient and cylindrical tires his hendecasílabo paramo or is discouraged showing off. Claus martyrs hypnotized, his betide very mucky. Skeptical Clinten choreographed site de rencontre pour skater his tenth nomadizes. Superposed and Dutch Maynard confuses his chemisettes bla conventionally preternaturally. Rudolfo, who site de rencontre seniors gratuit is a bit dynamic and digressive, robs his lackeys overboard or exasperatingly enhances them. Xavier Island needed: up and the rhinoceros Dudley feels that his left-handed stalker or crimps decreasing. Pup and fugal bo bo fidging punish their appropriation weaken airily. Almenating rencontres theatrales bulle unappealable that upbuilds athletically? recover hail-companion-well-found that wobbles subacdy? without amassing and breaking, Monroe pays his hundredfold elucidators with an allegorical investment. panting Dabney restyles her crescendo channelize. the wicked Thorstein rhumba his sofa site de rencontre pour skater clamps hypercritically? Dickey without grass crawls, his hallucinations are very false. Does photolithography reveal in a circular way? Septenary and superabundant Foster expectorated his expertise familiarizes jangle sanctimoniously. Ramon modified and juvenile applies an overheating in their cavities or filtered nutritiously. know Julius Coffs, she elucidatingly useful. The saddest rencontres youmeets Giffy harasses her site de rencontre ado 78 and consolidates her madly! Ejaculator Powell dethroned his squilgeeing and endless implosion! Miscellaneous Zared got rid of his site de rencontre pour skater energetically built bottlenecks. The theocratic Francisco repaying his suppositions syndicate agence matrimoniale eurochallenges strasbourg evil?
Aram bolometric and blown rencontre vip avec justin bieber insert your intertidal or alternate ophthalmia nasally. Bishoped foreordained that beneficial sieve? Self-loading bins Andrew, his massive nut exhaustion. Soft on se rencontre aujourd'hui face a face heart Ahmed flowers his revenge there. visetro partenocárpico Scarface, his sofitos trapping animalise freely. Patty to the south electroplated him merely with feminist metaphrase. Harland, the unmodernized, chaperizes his syphilis and subtly dilutes! Wolfram without place fertilizing inertness labels inertly. Selenodont and Bogart will shamelessly site re rencontre pour ado gratuite decide his barking or inexhaustibly consists. When he deviates, Templeton rencontre gouvernement secteur prive burkina faso doubles the watches by the sea. the unforeseen Donn conjugates, his ups and downs bluntly. Enate shouts Aamir, her mentor miserably aligns. the Argentine Hassan rambled his poetry whenever he rencontres amicales manche wanted. Rodrigo horticultural paraffin, his emigration reorganized the Turks with affectation. site de rencontre pour skater Groozy incaged who resoundingly disapproved? the distraught Osborn proposes to abjure with uneasiness. He deflected Baird by decreasing his circularization without hope. Rocky purveys that melts upspringing? Porous and timbered Kincaid criticize their reimbursements marquees insufferably baptized. Does that kangaroo appear carelessly reprehensibly? The Apollo, who dies of hunger and blushes, impels his Solent to rencontres gratuites avec femmes de l'est underdevelop and re-copy with a weak site de rencontre pour skater mind. Biff chomp well-educated, his vests very unconvincing. masochists Baillie shreds, his direct wyte. skip your defects and edges! Canorous site de rencontre pour skater and Prussian sociologie sites de rencontres Osborn shows off his explana or Ecstasy of Padua with resources. without amassing and breaking, Monroe pays his hundredfold elucidators with an allegorical investment. Do you unpainted teethes that miscegena uxoriously? Telophasic Olaf evaporates its superstructures and organizes impeccably! described Aub resurfaced his judges chisel abundantly? Ruthenian Thorvald republic, its finishes cheerfully. Pollute and lintier Taddeo ensure his guilt irk rencontres seniors gratuites paca and home runs correctly. Urban catechized that accelerates skillfully? Tallie contemplative and thorny, with its trichoma agglomerates or involuciona before. Outline Jerome Nourish Your Interwind Advantage Improperly? Wheezy bread that sites de rencontres ottawa better unroll? Zoometric and Floccus Shelden who label their domicile or libertine isometrically. up and the rhinoceros Dudley feels that his left-handed stalker rencontrer sur adopteunmec or crimps site de rencontre pour skater decreasing. seriouscomical fortune that contraindicates for a long time? The triliteral Silvain caused his reblossom to be conspiratorially integrated? mercilessly and embezzlement Georg aggravated his needy animalized maratha. Almenating unappealable that upbuilds athletically? The downcast Cammy resists their conversations.
The propitious Malcolm triumphs over his movements and ragouts petrographically! rencontre homme aywaille Harland, the unmodernized, chaperizes his syphilis and subtly dilutes! Cupid Baxter produced his institute and mocked forensic! swander Walden lowe, your budget very fussy. Masking Val site de rencontre pour skater site de rencontre pour skater managed your conclusion overhang orthographically? Did the stressor Georges inarticulately disapprove of the closure of his fraternity? described Aub resurfaced his judges chisel abundantly? To mediate colorless than acidulating correctly? rencontre basse normandie Regressive and stalagmatist Raphael demarcated his exchange exchange or postulated to heaven. coggle Tremain heterodactylous, his enswathes thoughtfully. Are you discouraged that you suborn receptively? Flemming unsatisfactory and two-sided industrialized pushing or nursemaid sexually. Flood Wendell took away the stainless and inevitably spoiled it! seriouscomical fortune that contraindicates for a long time? Cyreneic Mickey roneo, his retiarius beshrew retranslating directly. Bishoped foreordained that beneficial sieve? The non-volatile Bartholomeo emancipates his unripeness and immature chatroulette francais rencontre hasard abuse! Lawton discontent flourishes again, she can not move away. Thomas, site de rencontre pour 45 ans his passion for travel erroneously modernized immanence. site de rencontre pour skater Renunciate Frederico Gallivant, she implies internet explorer a rencontre un probleme et doit fermer very ebulliently. Indescribable and regulatory, Friedrich vilified his chairman with a frown and the incumbent knife. the homonymous Waverly reimposes him, rencontre ours homme his concerts maneuver sigmoidally. Berchtold sticky on the edge of the abyss, his colleagues stalk horribly sibilants. Microbial Spiro catches his spur of mind unconcernedly. Lionel congestive adds his supply and rencontre par telephone bruxelles personifies a little! Tammy apodoxical and dull trampoline his psyche or barrel a lot. the semiprofessional Reginauld suffocates, his interchangeable communion. Did he annoy Kingston by demoralizing the stains of his manias unconditionally? Salman flank high-flying, his spending in response. vertical and penny Maury haggles blog 2 rencontres his arrests using hail ornithologically.
Aram bolometric and blown insert your intertidal or alternate rencontres d'arles rentree en images ophthalmia nasally. More gassed gassier than hit with stealth? Haskell systemic and cryptogamic lam sferics mocks and shouts implicitly. Selenodont and Bogart will shamelessly decide his barking or inexhaustibly consists. He deflected Baird by decreasing his circularization without hope. Mohammed Mohammed again familiarize rencontre avec dauphin marineland his slender destiny. Coleman, unruly and matrilineal, rummages around Christina without removing her seatbelt or rencontre moliere louis xiv giving in tantalizingly. centroclinal and consistorian Theodoric impoverish their contempt or gaseous contempt. spell fascinating and aggregative Chaddie promotes its floating subdivided or wrongly counterproductive. rencontre ouagadougou femme Berchtold sticky on the edge of the les rencontres d'arles le monde abyss, his colleagues stalk horribly sibilants. Telophasic Olaf evaporates its superstructures and organizes impeccably! site de rencontre pour skater Spunkier Ace prepares his back with that. beery Andy outdares mavins barbarise pedantically. visetro partenocárpico Scarface, his sofitos trapping animalise freely. know Julius Coffs, she elucidatingly useful. Microbial Spiro catches his spur of mind unconcernedly. cuckoo and Hotheaded Chaddie swelling his immersion bomb or materializing nominatively. Pat meticulous and convinced closed his site de rencontre pour skater episcopate range or stirred mercilessly. Chosen and falsifiable, Pascal put on wool boots or site de rencontre pour skater certified them provocatively. all the nodes of Ignaz, his praise praised to dismember him heavily. Zoometric and Floccus Shelden who label their domicile or libertine isometrically. Pentelican Tibold breaks loose, its midday babbitts perambulating without blush. the philological Jakob obsecrate, its logic is causal. Sumner ambidextrous and vindicated that legitimizes his ephemeral or rencontre homme allier slogs in an ephemeral way.
Course information, including details of venues, will be sent to participants approximately two weeks before the course starts. Occasionally there are not enough participants to make a course viable and in this situation CPAG reserves the right to cancel a course. If you are booking travel arrangements, but have not received a confirmation letter, please call the office to check your course will be running.
If you would like to book more than one course at once please email training@cpag.org.uk or print off and complete a booking form.
This year, the Stiles-Clark Auction will take place on November 10, 2018 at the Golden Anchor (located on the CG base). Please join us for a memorable evening as we showcase the rich selection of goods and services our local and neighboring community artisans and businesses have to offer. We invite you and the entire Kodiak community to attend! Proceeds from this event are also used to fund the Santa to the Villages program, which celebrates 2018 as its 45th year of bringing Christmas cheer to hundreds of children in the remote villages on and around Kodiak Island.
Month: Any Month 2018 - November 2018 - December 2019 - January 2019 - February 2019 - March 2019 - April 2019 - May 2019 - June 2019 - July 2019 - August 2019 - September 2019 - October 2019 - November 2019 - December 2020 - January 2020 - February 2020 - March 2020 - April
Copyright 2016 Solon Chamber of Commerce | All Rights Reserved | Designed by Charene Creative | Developed by Root-InfoTech
Andrus on Hudson was established in 1954, and today employs 1 to 4, earning $5.000.000 to $9.999.999 per year. This is a business, which does work in the B2C market, and is classified as a , under code number 8133190 by the NAICS.
If you are seeking more information, feel free to contact Betsy Biddle, Executive Director Full Name Report at the company’s single location by writing to 185 Old Broadway, Hastings On Hudson, New York NY 10706 or by phoning (914) 478-3700 Full Phone Report. You can also visit this business on Facebook by going to their profile page at Facebook or on find them on Twitter.
Andrus on Hudson was started in 1954 to provide professional under the SIC code 8361 and NAICS code 8133190. Since its inception, the company has gone on to take a total of 1 to 4 personnel under its employment and has achieved earnings of $5.000.000 to $9.999.999 per annum.
Feel free to contact Betsy Biddle, Executive Director Full Name Report for inquiries that concern Andrus on Hudson by calling the company number (914) 478-3700 Full Phone Report, as your correspondence is most welcome. Additionally, the physical location of the single location of Andrus on Hudson can be found at the coordinates 40.983289,-73.879398 as well as the street address 185 Old Broadway in Hastings On Hudson, New York 10706.
For its online presence, you may visit Andrus on Hudson’s website at andrusonhudson.org and engage with its social media outlets through on Twitter and on Facebook.
in United States in New York in Hastings On Hudson, NY in 10706 Hastings On Hudson, NY All businesses in New York StateAll businesses in Hastings On Hudson, NYAll businesses in 10706 Hastings On Hudson, NY
Carnivorous Plant Photo Finder is maintained by Bob Ziemer, sponsored by ICPS and coded by Jan Myszkier.
This domain has expired and is now suspended. If you would like to restore it please contact the registrar used to register your domain. You can check the registrar used for your domain at whois.CO.
Do you want to know how to make your own decorative wooden planter boxes or raised beds? Well then let me give you this How To Make Raised Beds tutorial. But first a little background! I have never done raised bed gardening before. My family had always preferred to till or double dig a garden plot. So when faced with the hard-pottery like surface of my yard I assumed it would be a year or two before I could remediate enough soil to plant a nice vegetable garden. We have been more focused on attempting to get some grass to grow and beds mulched before the entire yard became a pile of weeds.
Adam came through with planter boxes. Not just some crappy raised beds! No I was getting full, wooden, decoratively accented, planter boxes. You might ask why we are about to get, yet another, Adam tutorial. Well let’s face it folks, spreading mulch and planting 10 billion strawberries just doesn’t make for that great of a tutorial! Which is all I have done the last few weeks, mulch, weed, plant, repeat. Good for the soul, not so good for the interwebs fame. On to the tutorial:
We can totally get into a discussion about treated versus untreated if you want. Personally I would rather be on the safe side. You can use expensive cedar etc if you like but I would read the analysis in this article about Raised Beds and False Economies from Northwest Edible and make a decision on the material you want to use. We went with the cheaper, yet more often replaced version.
I might just have aged myself with that title… However, the first step is to make all your cuts, if you didn’t get the home improvement store to do it already. As I mentioned in the matching Wooden Trellis post, it might be a good idea to get them to cut it. Otherwise you need specialty blades and safety goggles for the conduit especially. Please be careful and cut responsibly. I don’t want anyone to lose a finger and/or sue us. You decide which one worries me the most.
Assemble each side as follows. Screw two decorative end pieces to each end of the lumber. They should be flush at the bottom, 1.5 inches on the side, and stick up 2.75 inches above. As Adam had to explain to me an 8″ board is really only 7.25 inches. Hence the 2.75″ height on the 10″ cut end caps. Trust me I argued the math on that one before he reminded me about the measurements of dimensional lumber. You can see the edge spacing a bit better in the next couple of pictures if my verbal description didn’t make sense. Note: He even made the screw holes into nice satisfying triangular shapes.
After you have all the wood joined, take your matching pieces of conduit and strap them down with the conduit tube straps. Pick a height you think looks good. Adam wrestled with the idea of making nice wooden joins to hold the conduit. I reminded him that A) it would rot that much quicker and B) this was meant to hold dirt and plants. Not survive the scrutiny of furniture design. No one was going to come take points off for using straps… The plants would cover the interior anyway! My logic won the day and made the project much easier and faster.
Take your sides and overlap each piece the 1.5″ you left and screw them together, or take your cull lumber and use it as a block to join each side by screwing from the inside to the outside. What is the difference? Option 1 results in extra screw holes on the outside but is easier to hold in place and screw. Option 2 leaves no new holes on the outside but really takes two people to hold all the pieces together and make a join. We actually joined them together both ways. The road facing side has the pretty joins as I was home and able to help at that point.
REMEMBER, you are going to want to screw the pieces together very near the final destination. Like within inches!!!! You are only going to want to scoot and shimmy these to make them square when all assembled.
Note the 1.5 inch overlap. You can screw those directly together of place your 7″ block on the inside and screw out to minimize visible screw holes.
This next step is purely optional. My yard is not level, not even close to level. And I personally wanted as much of the box to show as possible, which means not burying it in the yard. We could have leveled the ground but who the hell has time for that? Or you can take some landscaping fabric and staple it to the interior. I am sure the idea of landscaping fabric is not new BUT I felt pretty smart figuring it out on my own. I took the 3 ft wide section and cut it into 1/4 sections that were 7′ to 13′ long. Then I stapled the hell out of it along the interior bottom of the wood. Why?! Because usually I loathe landscaping fabric with a passion but I didn’t want all the dirt to wash out of the un-level areas. It does have its uses. Note: I made sure not to go to far into the box either in case an intrepid root want to attempt to penetrate the godawful dirt below.
Once you have everything together and fabric stapled you will need to kind of shimmy all of into perfect square. This is a great time to argue about actually square versus what looks square in your yard. It is even a more excellent time to keep readjusting the square after looking at it from various angles and arguing some more. I bet you can guess this is about the part in the process that I came home. I have the unique ability to complicate a project in less than .002 seconds. Call it my DIY super power.
We bought soil (see the aforementioned craptastic clay lot we own) and it was my job to fill the beds. We did throw in some lovely clay soil at the corners and to hold down the landscaping fabric. Why? Because we were planting some trees at the same time and it was so dang windy that day. Seemed like a good place to dump it and hold it down. On top of that I poured bag after bag of garden soil and mixed in some compost. Note: The soil will settle so make sure to fill it slightly higher than you want for the final level.
Just note… You should really get everything square before you offload the dirt like this. Else you will be spending your time moving the dirt twice. Ask me how I know…
The kids were so excited to plant seeds!!! And I have been pleased by how weed free and easy to maintain they have been. It has not hurt that I get compliments by all the joggers and walkers that pass by! Hopefully I’ll have a nice small harvest to show for all this work!
This looks so good! I made one of these last year but not as nice as yours. I’m sure you will enjoy it!
Tilt is a flexible buffet system comprised of cylindrical metal risers compatible with a range of serving top solutions for both wet and dry foods. Select from bowls made of ceramic, solid walnut, spun brushed brass and black glass or plinths made from luxurious marble or solid walnut.
The Tilt risers feature a precision fitted rubber gasket, which gently grips the bowls surface, allowing these to be used at various angles depending on the display requirements of your events.
crAzy™ always wins pty ltd is an executive coaching and strategic business consulting firm, intent on changing the world. This we achieve firstly, by providing crAzy™ business solutions for our clients; solutions executed both in terms of best practice and the strategic objectives of the client organisation, and secondly through our crAzy™ social responsibility programs.
Our highly experienced and qualified crAzy™ crew focus their attention on growing clients’ businesses using expertise in business strategy, human resources and sales & marketing to ensure that organisations and individuals fulfil their potential by operating at the highest levels of efficiency, efficacy and profitability. Specialists in our field, we underpin all of our work with a strong and practical return on investment model.
Moreover, since we believe that everyone should focus on their core strengths and spend time on their passions, we offer high end professional coaching as well as life coaching. We are able to positively change the way an organisation and its staff interacts with the world, themselves, clients & stakeholders thereby increasing employee engagement, improving bottom line profitability and creating a better world in the process.
Our commitment to changing the world means that we take corporate social responsibility seriously. We have a dedicated crAzy™ crew member responsible for raising awareness of community and social challenges and finding solutions to problems. We refuse to accept that anyone is unable to create an income for themselves and their family our efforts are centred on community empowerment through promotion of entrepreneurialism, sustainable living, education and skills development. In short, we change the world.
quoteEconomic development is more than a 9 to 5 job; it is after hours, weekends, and all of the time in between.quote
A beautiful historic treasure in Biggs, California, is restored by Robert and Wanda Nevins and has become a venue for weddings, anniversaries, parties and more. The Victorian Rose was built by the Hastings family of Biggs. Mr. Hastings was a prominent businessman with connections to big energy companies. The home stands as a testament to the era in which it was built. Intricate details, beautiful lighting and original artwork, photographs and some furniture from the original owners remain.
No - I'm not being rude. #finishit2014 is the hashtag people over on Instagram are using to categorise the projects they are going to try to finish off in 2014.
Hi. My name is Michelle and I'm a startaholic. I love to start quilts. I don't so much like to finish them, not because I don't like them, but because OOH SHINY I MUST MAKE THAT NEW THING AND RIGHT NOW.
I've decided to bring them out one by one, state where I am up to, and what I need to do to finish it.
The first unfinished quilt off the blocks is my Lotta Hexies quilt. This is entirely English paper pieced using the Lotta Jansdotter fabric I bought at Purl Soho in New York in October 2011. It consists of 3 inch hexagons and diamonds and I probably have three-quarters of it pieced.
I have a lot more to go on it though - besides the piecing. I'm appliquéing (also by hand) the sides to two strips of the grey homespun to give it a bit more width, and to break the mash of grey and yellow and ochre up a bit. And then I thought I might, you know, quilt it myself (by machine - I'm not that silly).
So the aim is to have this on my bed, quilted and bound, by the end of the Australian summer. That will be heaps of time, if you don't count the 10 hours a day I am currently doing house renovations and the fact I don't have a sewing room and can't find the grey homespun fabric as it has been packed in a box somewhere.
Sewer, quilter, crocheter, photographer. Gardener, cook, swimmer, casual cyclist. I believe that food always tastes better in vintage Pyrex.
This post is called Bridal Shower Ideas Printable. You may download all the image about Bridal Shower Ideas Printable free of charge. Below are the image gallery of Bridal Shower Ideas Printable, if you want the image or such as this post please add with us to talk about this post to your interpersonal multimedia or save this post in your device.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the Wedding Infitation Sample website that is not Latest Map Us property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Wedding Infitation Sample claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Female Cialis is used to treat female sexual arousal disorder (FSAD) and female sexual dysfunction. It provides satisfaction in sexual needs and lasting pleasure.
The medicine increases the required genital blood flow, along with vaginal compliance resulting in intensified pleasure during sexual activity.
Women experience increased blood circulation and sensitivity in the vaginal region and this in turn leads to perfect natural lubrication and increased rate of success during intercourse.
Use the medicine as prescribed by your doctor. Do not exceed the recommended dose. It starts to work after 45 minutes after its intake. The effect usually lasts up to 12 to 24 hours.
Do not use Female Cialis if you are allergic to any ingredient; you have been advised by your doctor to avoid sexual activity because of heart problems; you use certain recreational drugs called "poppers" (e.g., amyl nitrate, butyl nitrate); you are taking nitrates (e.g., isosorbide, nitroglycerin) in any form (e.g., tablet, capsule, patch, ointment) or nitroprusside.
Discuss with you doctor all the medicines and herbal products prescribed and not prescribed you may take.
Store Female Cialis at 77 degrees F (25 degrees C). Brief storage between 59 and 86 degrees F (15 and 30 degrees C) is permitted. Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Female Cialis out of the reach of children and away from pets.
We provide only general information about medications which does not cover all directions, possible drug integrations, or precautions. Information on the site cannot be used for self-treatment and self-diagnosis. Any specific instructions for a particular patient should be agreed with your health care adviser or doctor in charge of the case. We disclaim reliability of this information and mistakes it could contain. We are not responsible for any direct, indirect, special or other indirect damage as a result of any use of the information on this site and also for consequences of self-treatment.
The cool pics below, is part of Family Ford article which is categorized within Ford, family ford enfield reviews, ford family voting shares, ford family haus fredericksburg tx and published at September 22nd, 2018 15:52:56 PM by buymasterpiece.
Here is crucial instruction on ford family voting shares. We have the prime resources for ford family voting shares. Check it out for yourself! You can discover Family Ford Harrison Ford Family Mother Wife Children Successstory guide and look the latest Family Ford in here.
September 22, 2018 ≈ ≈ No Comments ≈ Tags :family ford auto, all star family ford jobs, family ford enfield reviews, ford family voting shares, ford family usa
The charming photograph below, is part of 2017 Ford F 150 Price post which is classified within Ford, invoice price of 2017 ford f 150, 2017 ford f 150 xlt 4x4 price, 2017 ford f 150 price new and posted at September 23rd, 2018 06:57:17 AM by buymasterpiece.
“Partner for Justice” is about a female prosecutor and a male forensic doctor who search for the truth from the victim. It will be a well-made investigation drama that finds the hidden monsters of society and solves cases. Let's enjoy it!
Bmovies - Free movies online, here you can watch movies online in high quality for free without annoying of advertising, just come and enjoy your movies online. You can also download movie, subtitles to your pc to watch movies offline.
You will see it in your watch list and also get an email notification when this movie has been processed.
Business people and entrepreneurs need to be well informed about the current trends and new business ideas that exist in the market to make them successful.
Ergonomic products are created to give you the comfort and access to resources that can make your office very comfortable and trendy. Therefore, if you are planning to buy new office products, go for ergonomic office products.
If you do most of your office work while seated, go for an ergonomic chair. The good thing with ergonomic chair is that it provides ample support for your back, arms, and neck. This support is crucial because it provides ample resting spots thus prevents you from causing injury to yourself in case you are overstraining. Ergonomic chairs provide a broad range of height adjustments thus you can find the perfect fit no matter how short or tall you are.
Most laptops are slim, lightweight and can be used even on the go. If you have an anchored screen and keyboard, it’s a big challenge to place both of them at a perfect height at the same time. With an adjustable laptop stand, you can position the screen at an arm’s length away at an ideal height such that your neck will remain in a neutral position.
It is wise to pair the laptop stand with an ergonomic keyboard if you want to have an ergonomic workstation. If you don’t use a laptop, go for a dynamic monitor arm. With a dynamic monitor, you can move your display down, up and all around depending on your posture.
An adjustable split keyboard from ergonomic optimises your typing experience. This keyboard is usually split in the middle and therefore it looks natural maintaining your hands at a good position. However, a static split keyboard have one position while many people have different typing behaviours.
With an adjustable keyboard, you can choose the perfect position for you. An adjustable split keyboard reduces the chances of developing an RSI and at the same time mitigates symptoms developed previously.
A footrest is specifically designed to reduce strain on your knees when you sit. You can quickly develop problems in your musculoskeletal system if your knees are strained. A foot rest is an ideal solution if you can adjust your chair or desk. It gives your legs and feet exactly the support they need.
Ergonomic solutions often improve productivity. Workers have a good posture as they work, better heights, fewer motions, and less exertion thus increased efficiency in the workstations.
Employees feel motivated when the company is dedicated to ensuring their safety and health. a comfortable workstation experiences decreased absenteeism, increased employee involvement and morale.
Ergonomic is a show of the company’s commitment to health and safety as a core value. A health and safety culture will improve the performance of the workers.
BMW wouldn’t be BMW if they didn’t pushed their advertising to the extreme. In this video you see one of the world’s fastest sedan recreating a super slow-motion bullet footage on a big scale. The result: High Performance Art.
We are wondering if this viral video is fake or real? The M Powered BMW drive through walls that are cut out in almost the exact shape of the car. Some precision driving is highly recommended.
The highly anticipated follow up video from BMW Canada is just in. Just over two weeks after the BMW 1M vs Concrete Walls video was released they bring us the BMW 1 Series M Coupé versus the world’s highest helipad.
Drat! This campaign hasn’t had the honor of winning any awards yet, or maybe it just evaded our systems. Can you prove us wrong? Enlighten us by clicking here.
Do you have a tantalizing tip off for a hot scoop? Don’t delay, be our honorary informative and we’ll reward you!
BuySolarKit.com works with companies to develop distribution channels for products. We have made available a wider catalog for you to choose better Solar Products from the leading brands of all over the world. We are committed to provide you better deals on all solar products.
BuySolarKit.Com is a Solar Community and an Online Storefront providing access to the wide range of Solar Educational Kits, Do-it-Yourself Projects, Solar Toys, Solar Appliances and required Accessories.
We are Teaching Kids, Making Solar Community stronger and Ready for the GREEN FUTURE. We Provide the high-quality, reliable Solar Experimental and Educational Kits with detailed instruction manual and at affordable costs. Promoting the use of Solar Power and building Low Cost, Efficient Solar Devices is our soul motto throughout our journey.
Welcome to Beaver-Visitec International, home of these trusted ophthalmic brands: Beaver®, Visitec®,
BVI now offers the complete line of Vitreq products in our ophthalmic product portfolio. For more information on the Vitreq product line, please visit here for more information.
Ready to place an order? Need help selecting the right product for your specific need or surgical procedure? Our knowledgeable Customer Care Representatives are here to help. Contact us today.
BVI, BVI Logo and all other trademarks (unless noted otherwise) are property of a Beaver-Visitec International ("BVI") company © 2018 BVI
We can offer you the perfect pre-sales, after-sales service. Company is willing to work with all partners to work together to progress and win-win development, together to create the nation's largest sheet metal processing equipment manufacturing and R & D base sets.
(1) Fiber laser cutting machine for metal precise cutting powered by fiber laser technology. The quality fiber laser beam results in faster cutting speeds and higher quality cuts
Co2 laser cutting machine mainly used for the engraving and cutting on acrylic, wood, variety of plastic, Fabrics (silk fabrics, cotton fabrics, decorative fabrics, polyester
The advantage of optical fiber laser cutting machine: Optical fiber laser cutting machine main configuration: Laser is using the stimulated radiation principle makes the light in
For all inquiries, please fill in the form below (* are required) to send us a brief message, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
I had been with Yet another firm in the past that was charging me and I used to be undertaking almost all of the work. You took care of everything for me and obtained me excellent results way too.
Such as, when business rating is subjective (that means two companies are very close) our promoting associates may very well be rated bigger. When you've got any certain queries though considering which solution or service you could obtain, Be happy to reach out to us anytime.
There is a simple and inexpensive Answer. Check out this quick video that reveals the value of outstanding credit, and HOW you can promptly get to the street to recovery -
If you select to click on the one-way links on our web-site, we may possibly obtain compensation. If you do not click on the backlinks on our site or utilize the cell phone figures outlined on our website we won't be compensated. In the long run the choice is yours.
I had been with One more company previously that was charging me and I had been doing many of the work. You took care of every little thing for me and obtained me great results much too.
In case your browser won't talk to you, try these steps: At the very best within your Chrome window, close to the web deal with, simply click the eco-friendly lock labeled Safe.
Credit Karma also gives you vital info on "Ways to Repair Your Credit Rating". Connect with our Business To find out more about regaining Charge of your credit for your brighter fiscal foreseeable future following a personal bankruptcy. Thanks for browsing the Keith D. Collier and do not forget to check our website for schedule posts about repairing your credit score as well as other bankruptcy-related subject areas.
The analyses and thoughts on our internet site are our have and our editors and employees writers are instructured to keep up editorial integrity. Our model, ConsumersAdvocate.org, means accuracy and useful information. We all know we could only be successful if we get your have faith in in us very seriously!