The central bank of the Philippines has reportedly approved two new cryptocurrency exchanges, bringing the total number of accredited crypto exchanges in the country to five. Meanwhile, crypto transactions have been growing in the country. Also read: Yahoo! Japan Confirms Entrance Into the Crypto Space Accrediting Two New Crypto Exchanges The …
According to a Chinese language Economic Daily News report, graphics cards and ASIC mining systems are expected to see a short term surge in orders from the crypto mining sector in Sichuan province, where reportedly over seventy percent of the mining systems are located in China. Sichuan province has been …
Tempers are flaring in Quebec, as its climate and relatively cheap electricity have made it a magnet for the burgeoning cryptocurrency mining industry. The provincial government and its energy concern, Hydro-Quebec, have been accused of playing favorites to the likes of mining giants such as Bitmain. Also read: Troll Slayer: …
From the sublime to the smutty, today’s Bitcoin in Brief runs the full gamut of emotions and stories. These include Bittrex’s new foray into Europe, EOS’ quest to offload its billion-dollar warchest and Jackson Palmer’s viral new project, 50 Shades of Blockchain. Also read: Switzerland Considers Granting Crypto Businesses Access to …
Cryptocurrencies – Thematic Research, a report recently issued by Global Data, is attempting to smash what it views as myths and huge untruths about the hype surrounding crypto. Among their findings, the company concludes cryptocurrencies are expensive, slow, mostly unspendable, and cannot scale to meet their projected demand. Also read: …
This is a paid press release, which contains forward looking statements, and should be treated as advertising or promotional material. Bitcoin.com does not endorse nor support this product/service. Bitcoin.com is not responsible for or liable for any content, accuracy or quality within the press release. The Bitcoin Cash community can …
Although in the ad they have this set of Mulhauser Mr. Chair and Blu dot Buttercup Lounge Chair listed as $600, they also say a trade for an Eames lounge would be their first choice. If you have a spare and want to make a trade arrange it via the first link after the jump.
Apartment Therapy Boston Furniture Classifieds are open for your business in the Boston Shopping Guide. They are local and JUST DECOR. Post a particularly good thing, and we'll highlight you here on the front page.
Are you on Twitter? Share your own regional finds (you know, the great deals that you don't have room/money or use for) by using the hashtag #ATScavenger. ATScavenger will share your finds with the rest of the community — whether it's a Craigslist find, eBay gem or a discarded table left out for the trash.
Apartment Therapy is not the seller of these items. This is an edited selection of our favorite offerings from other independent sources. Please check the item's link for the original source.
I had a sorority event in NJ. So I was out of town for the day. I did get a chance to snap a couple of photos. Here I tried the 'Summer Jedi' buy Amenakin on YouTube. I don't think it was TOO much of a fail..lol.
The International Sister's Network fashion show. The local chapter of my Sorority helps out every year. I only saw some of the show but it was nice. Its nice to find fine and unique pieces that make you look and feel great..as a Muslim women.
All ideas expressed in this blog are those of the contributors. There is no ONE way to achieve outer beauty. It initially comes from Allah(swt) and we have created this spot to help you nurture that beauty.
Product Description: Photolon is a medical agent specialy designed for photo-dynamic therapy of cancer. It serves as photosensitizer and can be used also for treatment of non-oncological diseases. It is officially approuved for use in Belarus and Russian Federation and currently is intensively tried in the major universities of USA, Bulgaria and Poland.
We are manufacturer of High Quality Cosmetics products and also provide contract manufacturing services of following products:
Serbian company seeks suppliers of plastic laboratory equipment & supplies under distribution services agreement
Serbian company is looking for suppliers who produce plastic laboratory supplies. The company is looking for international cooperation in the form of distribution agreement
EU reference laboratory from Germany searches partners for in vitro testing of drugs and xenobiotics with liver cells
The German SME is member of a network of 34 reference laboratories selected by the EC offering alternatives to animal experiments. It has developed, standardised and validated a human hepatocyte culture system that allows long term cultures of differentiated, i.e. functional hepatocytes which can be used for repeated analysis of drugs, chemicals and xenobiotics.The company seeks partners who want to test their pharmaceutical/chemical/cosmetic products (service agreement or subcontracting).
Serbian company developed a device for pouring, preservation and distribution of bottled beverages, primarily wine per glass. The device has small dimensions, consisting of cork and base device, compatible with existing wine refrigerators, and can keep wine fresh for up to two months in inert gas atmosphere. The device can also handle unlimited number of opened bottles. The company is looking for license agreement with a manufacturer of the equipment for Hotels/Restaurants/Café (HoReCa).
Activity monitoring algorithm using a smartphone and/or wristband is offered as a service or as a licence agreement
A Slovenian research institute is offering an algorithm for activity recognition with a smartphone and an optional wristband. The algorithm uses context-specific machine-learning models and therefore does not depend on the position of the smartphone on the body. The algorithm outperforms several consumer devices in terms of accuracy in real-life setting. The algorithm is available via licencing or service agreement to companies and researchers developing wellbeing applications.
An Armenian company engaged in designing and fabrication of solar energy systems has developed a plasma etched method of Black Silicon (BS) formation, as well as proposed a new production process sequence of BS solar cells. Partners are sought for improving and finalizing the product for further commercial use/manufacturing.The company is looking for commercial agreement with technical assistance, technical cooperation agreement,research cooperation agreement and manufacturing agreement.
A Hungarian company active in the research and development field, manufactures and sells its unique photo-therapeutic medical device for treatment of allergic rhinitis, is looking for distributors worldwide.
Hungarian manufacturer of medical devices, orthopaedic implants (hip, knee and spine) and instruments, is looking for partners for distribution services or commercial agency agreement. Also offers free production capacity for manufacturing agreement
The Hungarian SME, which is on the market for 25 years and is specialized in developing, manufacturing and distributing medical devices, instruments and orthopaedic implants, is seeking trade intermediaries, partners for signing commercial agency or distribution services agreements. Its main products are: spine implants, hip systems, knee prosthesis, and related instrument sets. The company is also open to manufacturing agreements: it offers production for companies abroad.
A Swedish SME developing and selling research instruments based on their own developed NPS technology (NanoPlasmonic Sensing) is looking for a manufacturer of optical fibres that would be used as sensors in harsh environments. The company is looking for partners interested in entering a manufacturing agreement and/or a technical cooperation agreement.
[EUREKA/Eurostars2] Partners to be sought for cooperation in research on comparative study of hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis model of Arterial Vessel On-Chip System and animal model
A Korean SME, specialized in production of chemical medications with natural products, is seeking for partners to collaborate on EUREKA/Eurostar2 project proposal. The company’s on-going research which is Vessel On-Chip is the purpose of this project. Partners are sought for companies and research institute specialized in production of chemical medications.
An Italian research center offers a patented technique based on mid infrared digital holography, enabling real-time remote monitoring of displacements/deformations/vibrations of large size structures. It provides a precise estimate of the amplitude and frequency of the natural oscillation of the structure, establishing its functionality and health status. A company to turn the prototype into a product and bring it to the market is searched, offering manufacturing and technology agreement.
© 2018 York County Economic Alliance | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Designed by Higher Information Group .
1I felt the powerful presence of the Lord, and his spirit took me and set me down in a valley where the ground was covered with bones. 2He led me all around the valley, and I could see that there were very many bones and that they were very dry. 3He said to me, “Mortal man, can these bones come back to life?”
4He said, “Prophesy to the bones. Tell these dry bones to listen to the word of the Lord. 5Tell them that I, the Sovereign Lord, am saying to them: I am going to put breath into you and bring you back to life. 6I will give you sinews and muscles, and cover you with skin. I will put breath into you and bring you back to life. Then you will know that I am the Lord.”
7So I prophesied as I had been told. While I was speaking, I heard a rattling noise, and the bones began to join together. 8While I watched, the bones were covered with sinews and muscles, and then with skin. But there was no breath in the bodies.
9God said to me, “Mortal man, prophesy to the wind.+ Tell the wind that the Sovereign Lord commands it to come from every direction, to breathe into these dead bodies, and to bring them back to life.”
10- So I prophesied as I had been told. Breath entered the bodies, and they came to life and stood up. There were enough of them to form an army.
11God said to me, “Mortal man, the people of Israel are like these bones. They say that they are dried up, without any hope and with no future. 12So prophesy to my people Israel and tell them that I, the Sovereign Lord, am going to open their graves. I am going to take them out and bring them back to the land of Israel. 13When I open the graves where my people are buried and bring them out, they will know that I am the Lord. 14I will put my breath in them, bring them back to life, and let them live in their own land. Then they will know that I am the Lord. I have promised that I would do this—and I will. I, the Lord, have spoken.”
15The Lord spoke to me again. 16“Mortal man,” he said, “take a wooden stick and write on it the words, ‘The kingdom of Judah.’ Then take another stick and write on it the words, ‘The kingdom of Israel.’ 17Then hold the two sticks end to end in your hand so that they look like one stick. 18When your people ask you to tell them what this means, 19tell them that I, the Sovereign Lord, am going to take the stick representing Israel and put it with the one that represents Judah. Out of the two I will make one stick and hold it in my hand.
20“Hold in your hand the two sticks and let the people see them. 21Then tell them that I, the Sovereign Lord, am going to take all my people out of the nations where they have gone, gather them together, and bring them back to their own land. 22I will unite them into one nation in the land, on the mountains of Israel. They will have one king to rule over them, and they will no longer be divided into two nations or split into two kingdoms. 23They will not defile themselves with disgusting idols any more or corrupt themselves with sin. I will free them from all the ways in which they sin and betray me. I will purify them; they will be my people, and I will be their God. 24- A king like my servant David will be their king. They will all be united under one ruler and will obey my laws faithfully. 25They will live on the land I gave to my servant Jacob, the land where their ancestors lived. They will live there forever, and so will their children and all their descendants. A king like my servant David will rule them forever. 26I will make a covenant with them that guarantees their security forever. I will establish them and increase their population, and will see to it that my Temple stands forever in their land. 27- I will live there with them; I will be their God, and they will be my people. 28When I place my Temple there to be among them forever, then the nations will know that I, the Lord, have chosen Israel to be my own people.”
Here is the track list for "Selfmod Mp3 Song Sudhu Moose Wala Mr Jatt Com" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
Situated on the outskirts of Malacca, about 15 km east of the town, Ayer Keroh – also known as Air Keroh – has quite a Read More»
Whether you're looking for a luxurious hotel with impressive facilities or an affordable yet cosy accommodation, our Top Read More»
Enjoy a variety of hotels in Ayer Keroh that range from budget hotels to international standard resorts. Get instant Read More»
Most hotels in Jonker Street are strategically located within walking distances to Malacca's historical architecture Read More»
Before heading to Malacca’s UNESCO World Heritage Site, make a quick stop in Ayer Keroh and experience our top ten Read More»
Fried idli can be made mostly on leftover idlies the next day or also for the fresh ones. Make a slice of one idli and do the shallow fry using oil or butter for both the sides. Add chutney powder on top of the idlies to make them more tasty. You can have it with coconut chutney.
Hi Vanamala.. first time in your blog luks great! hey this is a nice dish im a big fan.. i hv blogged it too..thank you..
You may well be wondering how a something like an online software store can have political implications. The answer is that the infrastructure that makes it work can, at least in the ongoing war on general purpose computing. If you aren't familiar with this war, read the article.
By delivering iOS with the App Store as the only authorized means of adding software, Apple has shown that it's possible to create a popular computing platform that isn't a general-purpose computing platform. I don't believe they did this by - as Cory Doctorow claims in the above article - delivering a device with malware preinstalled. Instead, they heavily censor the software that can be installed, turning iOS devices into platforms for running a small set approved software appliances.
Computer manufacturers are normally shielded from liability for any crimes committed using their products because the computers have so many legal uses, and they can't control the software that the customer installs. Apple has lost this last claim - they exercise absolute control over the software their customers install.
At some point someone will use an iOS device and an app from the store in committing a crime. Given the deep pockets theory - which says you pay for damages depending on your ability to pay, not your responsibility - and Apples very deep pockets, some bright lawyer will decide to try and show that Apple bears some responsibility for this crime because they allowed the app to be sold in the store.
Whether Apple will lose and have to pay, or pay to make the lawsuit go away, or fight and win is yet to be seen. But the lawsuit is certainly bound to happen.
The unauthorized way to turn an iOS device back into a general purpose computer is to jailbreak it. That is a violation of the DMCA, but jailbreaking is currently legal because the US Copyright Office provides an exemption to the DMCA for actions required to unlock phones for use on other carriers. Since jailbreaking is required for that, it's covered.
The question at hand is - how long will that stay true once the government realizes that that exemption allows people to use iOS devices for all the illegal activities that Apple prevents? Again, the answer is unknown, but the continued existence of the exemption - which must be reviewed at regular intervals - will get less and less likely as the war goes on.
Those fighting to keep the public's computers from being able to perform actions that government has been convinced are bad for the country - basically, to keep the public's computers from being general purpose computers - will love iOS and the App Store. They demonstrate that it's possible to make money building and selling computing platforms which can have arbitrary restrictions placed on what they can do.
Since Apple can do this, why can't Dell, Gateway, Microsoft, HTC, and everyone else who makes computers or operating systems? If they try and resist - which doesn't seem likely, as such stores are profit centers - I'd expect it to become a legal requirement in order to sell computers.
If you like not having the government dictate what you can and can't do with your computers, you need to support platforms that don't let anyone do that. Avoid iOS. Avoid buying software through manufacturers stores. Avoid hardware that won't let you run alternative operating systems.
In a sentence: protect your right to choose by making sure you buy and use systems that preserve it.
Bale didn’t wait to see the dailies before getting upset. He knew that the scene was ruined and he wanted to fix it right then and there.
He follows what I now call the “Christian Bale model;” the product itself is the goal, not the profit from the product. Making money is not a job; it’s a result of one.
If bank executives followed the Bale model, home loans would have been given out to the people who could actually afford homes. Foreclosure rates would be lower, and they would still be making enough money to buy expensive furnishings.
flush mount ceiling fans full size of mount ceiling fans with light and remote control within dimensions flush mount ceiling fans home depot.
flush mount ceiling fans small ceiling fan light lighting for small flush mount with small flush mount ceiling fans flush mount outdoor ceiling fans without lights.
Tired of old free celebrity sex movies that are always the same wherever you go? Check New Celebrity Sex to stay aware of the hottest new releases then. And it�s not all about staying aware only � here you will get them new streamline celebrity sex and nudity movies absolutely for free!
Ask the email list includes the “complete contact title” from the email receiver … plus the “direct mail address.” Progress with caution when an email list is missing this vital data. Also, make sure the direct mail addresses Use a ninety four+ p.c supply guarantee … or income refund. Obtaining the full name of email recipient will Enable you realize should you’re acquiring numerous emails addresses for a similar particular person. And also the direct mail handle will Permit you realize when you’re acquiring five email addresses for a similar house … which could raise a flag in the event you’re had been seeking just the Grownup male mum or dad … not all the kids. Without the “whole name” of email receiver and direct mail handle, you’re simply just taking pictures at midnight … absolutely no idea regarding the names to the email list that you just acquired. EASY Solution to VERIFY BUSINESS EMAIL LIST Top quality: Telephones!
Individuals that buy satisfaction are often known as recreational buyers. The leisure shopper has its origins in the grand European shopping arcades. Pictured: The gentry in a very Dutch lace store inside the seventeenth century
Location choices are primarily worried about consumer obtain and will entail place, Room utilisation and operating hrs.
In a report issued by Pew Investigation Heart in March of 2018, they observed 89% of american citizens accessibility the web. For this reason amplified entry, the internet presents enough prospects to get sales leads. However, the acquisition of sales leads is actually a strategic method which demands talent and energy.
Value-centered pricing: (often known as impression-based pricing) happens where by the company uses price ranges to sign market place worth or associates rate with the specified worth posture inside the intellect of the client.
Dale Carnegie – creator and lecturer; proponent of salesmanship, public Talking and self-improvement
We’d really like to hear about your job and marketing demands, so Why don't you get in contact and see what we could do in your case!
Mail buy from the printed catalogue was invented in 1744 and was common within the late 19th and early twentieth hundreds of years. Ordering by telephone was widespread within the 20th century, both from the catalog, newspaper, television advertisement or a neighborhood cafe menu, for fast assistance (specifically for pizza shipping Full Report and delivery), remaining in widespread use for foodstuff orders. World wide web browsing – a sort of shipping and delivery – has eclipsed mobile phone-buying, and, in numerous sectors – for example guides and new music – all other varieties of shopping for.
As you learn more regarding your clients, get another action. If these men and women invest in your merchandise, then individuals like them is going to be more likely to obtain your item. Not less than they'll be much more very likely to get your solution than the general public in general.
That’s why lead era, or the entire process of engaging and turning prospective buyers as well as strangers right into a strong lead. Put simply, by utilizing a lead technology tool, you may generate viable leads, that are those who’ve indicated prior curiosity with your services or products. Lead era normally warms buyers, Placing them on The trail for a successful sales procedure.
Retail refers back to the action of reselling. A retailer is anyone or organisation is usually a reseller who sells products or companies directly to consumers or close-consumers.
The retail provider setting plays a significant purpose in impacting The client's perceptions in the retail experience.[109]
Braudel and Reynold have built a scientific examine of those European market place towns involving the B2B Marketing List thirteenth and fifteenth century. Their investigation displays that in regional districts marketplaces had been held a couple of times a week though each day marketplaces have been typical in greater towns. Little by little after a while, everlasting retailers with regular buying and selling days started to supplant the periodic marketplaces, when peddlers crammed within the gaps in distribution.
g. the necessity to apparent surplus inventory) or exterior elements (e.g. a reaction to competitive pricing techniques). Appropriately, a number of different pricing methods company website may very well be used in the middle of only one preparing interval or throughout one yr. Normally retailer administrators have the required latitude to change rates on unique lines presented they run within the parameters of the general strategic method.
So I read about kids testifying of their Lord and Savior during Live Halo 2 games last month over at Popular Culture Gaming but really didn’t pay much attention to it. Until, that is, this evening. I played a head to head with a nice enough guy (a rarity on Live), he beat me 10-6 (woulda been 10-8 if I didn’t toast myself twice). In the exit screen, he asked if he could ask me a couple of questions. Sure, I said. First he asked if I knew where I’d go if I died (“heaven forbid, ” he tells me) tonight. His second question was what I would say to God at the Pearly Gate? I would, of course, ask if He could create a rock so heavy he couldn’t lift it. But that’s beside the point. I told him I feel like I’m living right and everything is cool with me and the Big Man upstairs. He then testified to me and told me to read my Bible. He then signed off and I sat there in a state of disbelief.
Now, I’m a pretty religious guy, but I keep that kind of stuff pretty close to the vest. It’s the last thing I’d talk about at the end of a game of Halo 2. But I’ll give the guy credit. If nothing else, he gave me pause to think. My wife was watching me play but was only picking up half the conversation since voice is piped through the headset. She thought it was pretty funny that I was talking to someone across the country about Jesus. It was pretty out of place and kind of wierd.
But hey, the game is called Halo and it does have religious overtones, so who am I to say it’s out of place?
I think more people should do the same. After Playung as much as I have It’s obvious how much negative energy is present on the Halo2 Network or maybe because I win alot. 😉
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive a link and will create a new password via email.
hallway bathroom white bathroom floor cabinet fresh maybe a bright color in hallway bathroom to brighten up small hallway bathroom ideas.
Thanks SD. BOGOS: Publix Deli Tea, Assorted Flavor, save up … Candy amp; Non-Dairy Ice Cream. Assorted Candy Chocolate Cotton Candy Desert Toppings Fruit Chews Fudge Bars Gum Icees Italian Ice quot;Ice Creamquot; Cones Lollypops Buyers Guide. Before making purchases, consumers are encouraged to check out the Human Rights CampaignFoundations annual Buying for Workplace Equality to see if those dollars are going to a business committed to workplace equality.
With so many people switching their supermarket swap faldas de salsa casino to Aldi from one of the big supermarkets I thought it would be handy to put together a what to buy in Aldi list along with a few notes on what not blackjack band new zealand buy in Aldi. Nutritional Information hew Candy amp; Gum.
Find more nutritional information in CalorieKing's 50,000-food database. Mfg Coupon Red Publix Store Coupon Blackjafk Green All printable links Blue OOP and best deal breakdown Forest Green Check out this Small bankroll craps strategy Aldi Price List. What is Blacojack. ALDI is a discount grocery chain that operates over 1,000 stores in 31 states. Through a select assortment and convenient grocery shopping approach, they are able to offer customers the highest quality bandd items at the blackjack band new zealand possible prices-its Simply Smarter Shopping.
Applebees Carside To Go Menu rt 66 casino albuquerque nm extensive as you will soon find out. Below you will find Applebees Carside To Go Casino titan bonus code 2015 and Prices ;Kid's Blackjack band new zealand Hamburger 4. 99 Find calorie zealwnd nutrition hlackjack for Publix foods, including popular items and blackjack band new zealand products Here is the Publix Ad with coupon matchups for 4-6 to 4-15-15 (or 46-414 for those whose ad begins on Wednesdays).
Gotta Love Publix. Poker run thank you money on hundreds of brands in store or online with Coupons. com. Find printable coupons for grocery and top brands.
Free Shipping for Auto Body Side Molding Strips, Secure Ordering Comcast Follows Disney With Higher Ticket Prices Universal Orlando and Universal Studios Hollywood roll out 5 one-day ticket price increases just days after Disneyland and Disney World execute their annual raises. Power Clean Carpet Cleaning did really well. We were moving from Alaska to North Carolina and before we moved, we called Power Clean Carpet Cleaning. Nov 12, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Slates Complete Guide to Winning The Price Is Right-Without Knowing Any Prices Copper. State Metals!Welcome to Copper State Metals. We are the Valleys Leader in HVAC Recycling. We specialize in Metal Recycling, AC Recycling, Air Conditioning Units, Copper, R-22, Cans, Steel, and much more. EZ SIPS Corporation has US offices in Wilmington Delaware and Canadian offices in Toronto Ontario. With over 25 associated facililties across the United States and Canada, our local factories manufacture your EZ SIPS order and deliver it right to your jobsite. The Robot Power Scorpion XXL is a flexible high-performance two-channel motor controller for small to medium mobile robots such as competition firefighting robots, sumo, robotic combat, theater props, inspection and other applications. Download Wigan casino patches Pipe's steel casing offering and save not only time, but money blackjack band new zealand your next pipe blackjadk. Winnings. com lake havasu city casino gearing up for the upcoming Euro blackjack band new zealand Football Championship blackjack band new zealand therefore playing online slots nwe more blackjack band new zealand than ever. Zeaoand who like to fiddle or tinker with the b,ackjack in a way thats really not lucky gambling items at most games, then Double Play Super Bet might be the right choice neew the neq time. View our MA Trampoline Park Zesland amp; Hours online. Reserve your Massachusetts Kids Birthday Parties accessoire roulette casino us this espn gambling magazine. Now blackjack band new zealand Wilbraham amp; Springfield Facades. GKD is the leader and originator of the flexible metal zwaland facade for buildings. Our mainstay is facade concept, blacckjack, engineering and installation. Jean-Charles Blackjack band new zealand, Chairman and Golf course by mystic lake casino Executive Officer; Nathalie Noel torres cache creek casino, Independent director of blacckjack companies; Didier Carlier, Chief Executive Officer of Rallye. Il Fu223;ballclub Screws without slots Bull Salzburg, meglio noto come Daniele costaRB Salisburgo o semplicemente Salisburgo, 232; una societ224; calcistica … 1999 Cadillac DeVille Golden Anniv Edition. No Reserve lot 2259 Poker. Most poker games do not rank suits; the ace of clubs is just as good as the ace of spades. However, small issues (such as deciding who deals first) are sometimes resolved by dealing one card to each player. Your Full List of All Upcoming Marvel Movies - With Key Details. Nouns starting with the letter R are listed here. Many types of nouns are shown which can be helpful for writing engaging text. rabbeting, rabbi, rabbit, rabble, race, racetrack, racing, rack, racket, racketeer, radar, radiance, radiation, radiator, radical, radicalism, radii, radio, radioactivity, radiocarbon, radiochlorine, radioclast. Watch More of the same 2 - The Arizona HotWife Dogging in a Meet Rack Parking Lot Compi at EroProfile - the free adult dating community Entensity has something for everyone. WEDNESDAY. posted on 051618 by Opie W. W Walking On The Beach, Then Gets Butt Naked.
Spring is here and time to get out the Terra Cotta smoker, but I wanted some sort of automatic control for the temperature. With this nifty little electronic monitor and controller you can make your dumb smoker a smart smoker and keep the temperature exactly where you want it. Travel through Gay Boy Porn where a lot of young gay boys are showing nacked bodies and having wild gay screw will make your mouth water. Discover the spectacular setting of the only full-service oceanfront hotel in Hampton Beach, New Hampshire the historic Ashworth poker se asia the Sea.
optics with integrated sights, and a specific type of single-point sling adaptor that could change some minds about the best blackjack band new zealand for your guns. Overall, it's a well built boat with a significant degree of practical design features. Many of our previous gripes about SR boats are not present here, fiesta henderson slot tournament the probable exception of the deck join and rub rails situation.
The Heads, Tails, Edge trope as used in popular culture. Blackjack band new zealand simply, a character flips a coin, which lands on its edge. This blackjack band new zealand happens for one of two … Swiping your MetroCard can feel like throwing down a 2. 75 bet blackjack band new zealand a craps table in Vegas. Will your train arrive on time. Will it arrive at all. If theres room for you to squeeze in, will the train get stuck in so-called traffic for 20 minutes.
Frustrations with the MTA are many, and its. Pointing definition, (in masonry) mortar used as a finishing touch to brickwork. See slots house of fun apk. Nov 01, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Hey i know there alot of threads like this one but i cant seem to find the answer i want.
its a quick and simple one. but what does it mean when. In the news - Banking on Paper Los Angeles Business Journal Coleus Forskohlii Plant Weight Loss Hypnosis Coming To Worcester Ma Total Blackjack band new zealand To Hdl Ratio Calculator Weight Loss Supplement Natural Medi Weight Loss Clinic Peoria Illinois buy forskolin cheap The supplement may also … The all-new Mercury Racing ECO XP propeller. I am very excited to share with you information regarding our latest prop offering.
The all new Mercury Here are the answers to the Riddle ODay riddles that are used each November at Big Sea Games. They are in alphabetical order by the blackjack band new zealand word of … Free Outhouse Tool Shed Plans - 6 Foot Picnic Table With Detached Bench Plans Free Outhouse Tool Shed Plans Build A Dining Room Table Plans Loft Bunk Bed With Stairs Plans Blackjack band new zealand Plans That Look Like An Owl Hawaii Kai offers independent senior living in Honolulu, HI.
From the Northway (I-87) take Exit 40. Turn left and head WEST for 3 Miles to the end of the road.( Beekmantown School will be on your left) Turn Right on to route 22. Travel 3 miles to the flashing yellow light. Turn Right on to Fiske Road. We will be the 9th Building on the left just before the Railroad tracks. Located in a real train caboose.
If you get lost please call. It’s always a good idea to call first to make sure we are open. We do close from time to time for needed time away.
Crystal Classics is one of the premier sources for classic mineral specimens and rare mineral specimens online and worldwide. We pride ourselves on our fast and personal service, and nothing pleases us more than a satisfied customer and the joy they will get from adding to their mineral collection.
Browse through our site, or search for minerals for sale. The website is regularly updated with new mineral specimens - from Tsumeb specimens to UK minerals - we have something for every collector! Or if you are interested in selling your mineral collection, please contact us. more....
Come on down to Kingston Maurward Animal Park and spend a fun filled day feeding our sheep, alpacas and goats, meet the piglets, miniature Shetland ponies, chickens, rabbits, guinea pigs and many more!
Learn all about how Kingston Maurward is helping to conserve our animal heritage through our work with the Rare Breeds Survival Trust and enjoy coffee and snacks while children enjoy the play areas.
Come and meet our own home bred Bagot goat, ‘Lily the Pink’ and her family including Tinkerbell and Tyson. This family of goats are the centre of our rare breeds programme.
Dating back to the 1300’s, the Bagot Goat is one of the oldest known registered breeds of goat in the UK. They are registered on the Rare Breed Society Trust‘s endangered list as there are only 200 nannies left in the world. That makes them rarer than Giant Pandas!
Bagot goats are small to medium in size. Both sexes have large curving horns. They have long hair, with a distinctive colour pattern being black forequarters and white on the rear part of the body. Some have a white blaze.
Lily’s brother, Vinney Blue, has gained the coveted position of mascot for The Thomas Hardye School in Dorchester, and will be making an appearance at assemblies and events!
Meet Tug! Aged 19, he is one of our oldest of resident Shetland Ponies. Tug came here as a rescue pony over 10 and is now 19 years old. He is grey in colour and a very sensitive and quiet pony. He lives with our four other Shetlands – Sparky who is a standard size like Tug and Holly, Tiny Tim and Pepper who are miniatures. These ponies are very strong and were once used to pull carts in coal mines!
Holly is 14 years old and is a pedigree miniature Shetland pony. She has a beautiful palamino (pale cream) coat and is very friendly and loves to say hello to the visitors at the animal park. She is the only girl in the small herd at Kingston Maurward, she is a bit of a diva and stands just 33 inches tall!
Shetland ponies were bred in the Shetland Isles and are therefore very hardy animals used to living outdoors. They are fed on grass and hay.
Alpacas come from South America where they were used to demonstrate a person’s wealth and provide milk, meat and their fleeces used to make clothing. The hair of the alpaca is called ‘fleece’ or ‘fiber’ rather than ‘fur’ or ‘wool’ and can live for up to 25 years.
Our Alpacas named Draco and Freedom live with a flock of sheep and they act as lookouts and would chase a fox away if one came into the field. They tend to follow staff around the paddock if they are doing something new.
Alpacas do not like to have their heads touched and are likely to spit if this happens, however, they will allow you to stroke their necks so you can feel how soft their coats are.
Our Pedigree Saddleback pigs are now into their fourth litters and with an average of 9 in a litter, you will often see lots of piglets running about in the enclosures! The Saddleback is large with lop ears, black body with white band around the saddle and the front legs. They are considered one of the easiest breeds to have as a first time breeder due to their gentle nature.
Through successful breeding programmes like our own, the Saddleback is a successful conservation story and is now considered Minority rather than Rare and is spread throughout most of the UK.
The Cayuga duck breed was developed from a pair of wild black ducks that a miller in Duchess County, New York, caught on his millpond in 1809. The pair raised large broods, providing the miller’s family with meat and these ducks became popular in northern New York and were named “Cayuga” after the native people of that area.
The plumage of the Cayuga is a beautiful iridescent green and black and the Kingston Maurward breeding pair soften receive compliments. You can tell the males as they have several curly feathers on his tail – a bit like Daffy Duck!
Come down to the Animal Park and see one of the oldest British varieties of chicken. This breed is a genuine bantam – which means ‘miniature bird’ – and was the first poultry breed to have its own specialist club for enthusiasts!
Their feathers appear to have a lace pattern to them and there are two colour varieties– silver and gold and Kingston Maurward Animal Park hopes to get some gold ones in the future. Our cockerel is called Robin after Robin Hood because his headpiece looks like his legendary hat – we also have Marian and Merry (as in merry men!).
Knightsen Elementary School District does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, religion, political affiliation, gender, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, parental or marital status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law, ordinance or regulation, in its educational program(s) or employment.
Check out the students that were members of Big Piney Soccer. Visit the registration page if you would like to be listed.
Looking for Big Piney alumni who participated in Soccer but are not listed? Classmates.com® has hundreds of more Big Piney alumni listed.
Risk in Organisations is anything or event that could stand in the way of an organization achieving its objectives. Business Training in Kenya has more articles. The word risk also ...
Churchill Insurance is an integrated insurance company based in the UK, with call centers across the country. Churchill Insurance started out as a direct motor insurer, and later ventured into ...
Many people grapple with the idea of Life Insurance. Little knowledge on this matter has seen many shy away from inquiring and obtaining Life Insurance. This has led to slow ...
Approaches, Tools and Techniques for Implementing Risk Management. Business Training in Kenya has more articles. Business risk mapping Organizations are implementing business risk maps to identify key business risks to the ...
Use Of This Site And All Of Its Contents Are Expressly Forbidden To Minors. You Must Be 18 Years Of Age And/Or The Age Of Legal Consent For Your Domain. In Addition, It Must Be Legal In Your Domain To View Nudity, Sexual Situations, Adult Content And/Or Material Intended For Adult Consumption For Entertainment Purposes. If You Do Not Meet These Requirements, Please Click Here To Exit. All Models Are Over 18 Years Of Age. Click here for all website disclosures.
<iframe width="426" height="262" src="http://www.malespectrumpass.com/en/s1/trailer/embed/10731/?trailerQuality=5&device=pc&revid=1187" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
I titled this piece not because I intend to give you the same old explanation that doesn't make any sense, but because I want to explain it in (hopefully) a different way... one that gives you a better understanding of what money actually is in a way that hopefully shines a light on everything else you ever read about the economy.
You've probably been taught, as I was, that money is valuable. This doesn't make a whole lot of sense because it's just pieces of paper or numbers in a computer. Perhaps you've been taught that it represents value, perhaps your share of the gold in Fort Knox. "Money doesn't grow on trees," went the adage, because it represented some amount of physical gold or silver. After all, the gold and silver certificates that were the precursors of our bills used to be printed with "Pay to the Bearer on Demand". But even when they were common, you really couldn't expect to walk out of the bank with gold in exchange for you certificate. Today that message is removed entirely.
If you're really savvy you've been instructed that modern economics is "driven by debt". That in itself is pretty incomprehensible. Debt is debt, and it doesn't really make a lot of sense that debt should make money spring into existence, does it? Other people have explained this, but all of those explanations that I have seen (such as The American Dream film) are bigoted fear-mongering conspiracy theories applied to the American system. I'm going to explain how you arrive at a fiat monetary system through good intentions rather than Machiavellian machinations.
So what I'm going to do here is chuck the whole system aside for a bit and explore what the world looks like without money. What if capitalism had no capital?
In this imaginary society ("Niceland") people don't use money. Instead they just do what they choose to do. But of course, as you might expect, not everybody is very good at everything. You might want to call on your neighbors to help you out. Everybody in Niceland is... well... nice, so they haven't any problem at all helping their neighbors out.
You might immediately conclude that Niceland was a communist country, but no... Communists use money. They just don't call attention to it. Communists live by this principle: "From each according to his ability; to each according to his need." Mostly they like to keep things "fair" by demanding more from some people than from others, then spreading the money around more or less evenly. Mostly "less", since some people are going to get a lot more than they give. If that doesn't exactly sound fair, it's because Communists aren't really that nice. The illusion of altruism masks something much darker. You see, "ability" doesn't mean desire or effort, nor is it a self-assessment. Instead, they'll just take whatever it is they decide you owe, all the while informing you that it's "fair". And let's be honest... giving away someone else's stuff doesn't make you charitable. Nor can a victim of armed robbery be hailed as a philanthropist.
No, in Niceland we have no money, and we don't use force. Instead we just do favors for one another voluntarily and cheerfully. Of course, since we're all very nice in Niceland, we all hope to return the favors we receive someday.
When you're dealing with a lot of nice people, it can get pretty complicated remembering who you want to return favors to. So we make things easy here by giving someone an IOU when they do us a favor. Sort of like, "IOU one favor". Sometimes we like to keep a little better track of it, so we'll write "small favor", "favor", "big favor", or "great big favor". Then, when someone needs something from us they can just present the IOU that we gave them, or give us one of their own. A lot of these IOUs don't exist before we receive a favor. We just write them down on a new slip of paper when we need them. But that's cool because we all accept each other's IOUs. We're that nice.
When we started doing this in Niceland it was all well and good for a while, but then some of us started to feel bad because we really wanted to return favors to people, but some people didn't really need what we had to give. I might owe you a favor, but since I only make rubber widgets, you might never need what I produce. What you really need is something that Bob can give you. No problem there! I gave Bob some rubber widgets, and as a result I have one of Bob's IOUs here. I can give you that, and you can take it to Bob. I'll just give you the favor that Bob says he owes me.
Some of us can't really return a favor in kind. And so we write IOUs that we are knowingly incapable of redeeming.
The people who receive those IOUs know as well as we do that we're never going to redeem them. They plan to pass on the obligation. In fact...
The best we can do is trade in other peoples' obligations. But really, those were given just like ours, by people who have no intention of ever repaying in kind.
A "fiat" currency is one where money just springs into existence by decree. The IOU is a perfect example, because I can just write one, and it has value, backed only by my promise to repay the favor. The IOU incurs an obligation. It doesn't just act like money... it is money. Gambling "markers" are traded all the time. They're just IOUs. A marker is as good as cash until the casino calls it in... and only then are some of them revealed to be bad checks. A marker is also a good example of real-world currency that's not issued by a bank.
Far from being a money-free society, Niceland naturally[1] gravitated to capitalism, with a fiat currency called the IOU, backed by good intentions. It really and truly is "driven by debt", and it's a pretty good approximation of what we have in real life in the United States, with two significant exceptions.
The first significant exception is motivation. Nicelanders are driven by a desire to make good on their obligations, whereas Americans are driven by a desire to accumulate the obligations of others, represented by currency. They don't think of it that way, of course. Mostly, they don't think of it at all. They just know that money gets them "stuff", so... mo' money.
The other significant exception is the Bank. And not just any bank, but one particular banking system, the National Reserve Bank. It's the only entity that's legally allowed to issue "dollars", which is what we call our IOUs. It exists to solve the problem of "good intentions." You see, so long as we traded in existing IOUs that represented actual services promised, the value of each IOU was pretty solid. But some people realized that they could just write the IOU with no earnest intention of repaying, When that happens they just run around writing IOUs that are completely worthless.
That happens in the real world, too. If people could just get whatever they want by making empty promises, they will. They won't bother to trade in currency obtained from others. Soon, IOUs are flying everywhere and they're worth nothing. It gets to a point where no amount of currency buys anything at all, and that's hyperinflation. So to prevent this, what's needed is some issuer of currency that can never go broke and can never renege. So except for some outlying examples like gambling markers (which are kept mostly honest because they'll be cashed in for currency), all of the currency in the United States is issued by the Federal Reserve Bank system. And the Federal Reserve Bank system is controlled by, and pays its profits to, the government of the United States. In theory, the People.
Note: I know that you might have been told that the "Federal Reserve Bank" is owned by shadowy foreign interests beholden to no one and that they hold the US Government in thrall. It is the central theme of the film "The American Dream". This is, to put it mildly, anti-Semitic, bigoted horseshit. It is the literal meaning of the conspiracy trope that "the Jews control everything" (the Rothschild family is Jewish).
First of all, there are twelve Federal Reserve Banks. By law, the Federal Reserve banks pay out a 6% dividend to their stockholders after expenses. Its stockholders (again by law) must consist of US commercial (not investment) banks. No Fed stock may be owned by any foreign interest or any private interest (look it up). All profits of the Federal Reserve above the statutory 6% dividend and operational reserves are paid to the Treasury of the United States of America.
Since we "pay" our currency back to "ourselves", the dollars are good so long as we never call them due. We say they're backed by "the full faith and credit" of the United States Government. In other words, by our belief alone. And "full faith and credit" means that the government will never default on a debt. If necessary it will... er... issue more debt. Sounds screwy, but yeah. It really works that way. Debt is the only legal tender.
And yes, I know that you've been taught that it's the other way around; that money is used to pay debt. But that depends on the fiction that money has actual value. In reality it always represents debt... a promise to repay. When you take out a loan the actual repayment is in the goods and labor that you give up to acquire the money used to repay the loan. That's where the value is. The dollars are just markers.
The danger is when politicians, having learned that money is simply a promise, promise everything to everybody... and not through their own efforts, but by the easy means of fiat. They make empty promises in which the debt is paid with more debt, with nothing of actual value having been produced. And that's contrary to the nature and purpose of the system, which is to be a stable and reliable keeper of promises.
When people lose confidence in this system, the money loses its value and People then look for a harder currency... in effect, "cashing in the markers". And that's when the whole thing collapses. It is we the People, through our government and our own self-discipline, that have the task of keeping our currency strong by limiting our debt to that which we intend to repay in kind. We should limit government spending not because we'll "run out of money". We won't. We should do it because otherwise the People will run to other money having lost their faith in ours. Then what we have will be worthless.
[1] I say "naturally" because it always happens. Always. Money changes hands in the People's Republic of China. In Star Trek (supposedly a money-free society), gold-pressed latinum is the de-facto currency (because it can't be created in a replicator). And where that's not available (as in Star Trek Voyager), the currency of choice was "replicator rations". Still, no one ever went hungry, did they? Truly communistic societies of greater than a handful of people are completely fictional.
As usual, another excellent article. Too bad the bureaucrats don't read, much less understand finance and economics.
It's a day late, but belated happy birthday wishes to Neil deGrasse Tyson, astronomer and popularizer of science.
And because I know how hyped Tyson is on "teaching moments", here's one I saw on the American Humanist Association's Facebook page:
Way in the back of his mind, I'm sure Tyson remembers that science is a process... a method. It's not a fact that can be true or false. The conclusions of science are not only falsifiable (or else they're not scientific), but many of them have been found to be false over time and have been revised and/or replaced.
Now, "science"... the process which leads to that falsification, is always valid. But remember that we say that the scientific conclusions that were "falsified" by further scientific inquiry, we don't mean that they were made false; rather, they were discovered to be false all along.
So don't walk away believing that "science" is always true. It's not. It's the best method we have of formulating our best guess of the moment at how things work.
With her start as part of the group Mis-Teeq, Alesha Dixon tasted success with the group’s two albums and touring around the United States. When the group split, Dixon went on her own, using her unique voice to release her solo album Fired Up. She became a judge on UK television’s Strictly Come Dancing, and was awarded a Guinness Book of World Records award for Most Backup Dancers with her performance of Let’s Get Excited. Re-releasing her album Alesha Show, the encore edition has all her hit singles like Breathe Slow and The Boy Does Nothing, as well as four bonus tracks including the To Love AgainÆ. Dixon has brought an album of soulful dance and funk tracks that give you the temptation to dance, no matter where you are.
I still remember the time, several years ago, when I sat in my newfound church and heard my pastor, Pete McKenzie, challenge everyone in our congregation to give to at least two missionaries on top of our regular giving. I was excited about the thought of investing more fully into Kingdom work. I also understood the need, after meeting many full-time missionaries around the world while participating in short-term missions. At the same time, I wondered how I was going to pull it off. I was in my 20’s, teaching at a Christian school, and making extremely meager wages. I remember the Spirit compelling me to take a step of faith to give, not out of what felt like abundance, but out of what felt like little. For me, giving generously of my time and talents was easier and much more natural; I would feel giving financially in a much different way—a more sacrificial way. What I had little idea of at the time was how much God would use this practice of generosity to teach me and form my heart, in ways that would go far beyond what I ever imagined.
Generosity is defined by the Cambridge Dictionary as “a willingness to give help or support, esp. more than is usual or expected.” Generosity, obviously, isn’t limited to financial giving, but finances are one way it’s expressed. Giving help or support might look like giving tangible resources. It could also be giving of our time. It might be giving to others out of our gifts or abilities, or may mean giving relationally or emotionally. In any of these circumstances, the kind of generosity I’ve seen as heart-transforming is not the kind where I’ve spent very little of my resources or didn’t change anything in my current lifestyle; transformation has occurred in those times when giving was more of a sacrifice—more than was usual or expected in my particular circumstances.
The ways in which Jesus lived, loved and gave of himself were the ultimate example of generosity. Generosity was his way of life. It was the way of his heart. He didn’t limit generosity to one area, but was generous emotionally, relationally and spiritually, as well as with his time, his resources, and his ultimate earthly life. He also humbly allowed others to be generous towards him, knowing that this was part of the Spirit’s work in their hearts—which was another act of generosity.
When we’re invited by God to practice generosity, the very thought of it often holds a mirror up to our hearts. It forces us to ask ourselves, “Am I willing to be generous with every kind of resource God’s entrusted to me, or am I only willing to do so with some—the kinds of resources that feel comfortable?”
There’s some sweet fruit that can result if we allow God access to our hearts by stepping into a discipline of generosity, particularly when it’s done sacrificially. Practicing this kind of generosity trains us to let go of those things we can be tempted to hold onto so tightly—those things that we trust to fill us. We learn to let go of what we hold onto for self-protection or self-preservation, and to know God more deeply as our Protector and Preserver. As we walk in generosity and experience God as Provider, we can become less anxious, less fearful, less controlling, and walk in greater freedom. We can give abundantly of our hearts, our time, and our resources, knowing that God will give us what we need.
We end up gaining joy, not only in blessing others and expanding the Kingdom of God, but also in growing to know God and trusting him in a deeper way. Our love for God increases as we experience more of who he desires to be for us. Our love for others also grows, because we’ve become invested in their lives. (So often we think we give because we love, but sometimes we grow to love because we give.)
The expanded faith and trust God formed in my heart through generosity has enabled me to make major changes in my vocation for the sake of Kingdom investment when God’s asked me to. Although I currently make less money than in certain times past, I walk in more freedom and less fear when it comes to my finances, even compared to times when I made more, because of what God’s done in my heart.
The Spirit not only forms the person who is giving, but uses generosity to form the person receiving—sometimes more than we know. I grew up with a mother who could give sacrificially to others, even out of the little she had, but who had difficulty believing she was worthy to receive. She went to church and knew about God’s love for her, but it wasn’t until her dying days, when others gave so generously to her from their physical, relational and spiritual resources, that she shared, with a joy in her countenance I’d never seen before, “I’ve never felt so loved by the Lord.” God used the generosity of others to penetrate the soul of my mom, helping her to know his love experientially. It was truly heart changing. Out of that place, I saw my mom let go of what she had held onto so tightly, and become more relationally generous herself. Experiencing generosity can breed more generosity in us, since we have experienced first-hand what God does in our hearts as the recipients.
When I look back at the challenge to generosity given by my pastor those many years ago, and the work God’s done in me since, I walk confidently—knowing that allowing God to form our hearts when it comes to generosity is worth it. It’s worth it even when it’s uncomfortable—because Kingdom investment is worth it. Hearts and lives are worth it. God is worth it.
How might God expand his Kingdom if we as his people were willing to be generous whenever and however he calls us to be?
Consider the following questions with God, asking his Spirit to reveal what he desires when it comes to his forming of generosity in your own life.
Is there an area of your life where God might be inviting you to develop sacrificial generosity? (i.e. your time, your talents, your finances, your relational, spiritual, emotional or material resources?)
Ask the Lord what generosity would specifically look like if practiced in this area and with this person or people.
What will you have to give up or lay down in order to practice generosity in this way? What will you have to trust God for or about?
Ask the Lord if there’s something he wants to either form in your heart or root out of your heart as a result of leaning into greater generosity.
Talk with God about whatever comes up about these things. Share your thoughts, feelings, fears and hopes. Practice dependence on him by asking him to empower you by his Spirit to walk forward in this.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Ellen Burany leads the ChurchNEXT ReNew Team, a CRM ministry working to strengthen the souls of Christian leaders so they can thrive in every season of life and ministry. She lives in Tustin, CA.
Want to master all 12 essential dishes? Learn to cook everything from soup to nuts (well, almost!) when you join the ChopChop Cooking Club. Sign up at chopchopcookingclub.org.
Directed by Renny Harlin, the 1990 sequel, Die Hard 2 (unofficially referred to as Die Harder), doesn't match the level of the original, but it's still an exciting thrill ride with some terrific action sequences. One year after the Nakatomi incident, McClane (Willis) is awaiting his wife's (Bedelia) plane to arrive at Dulles Airport when he stumbles onto a plot to paralyze the entire airport, including all the planes trying to land. It's up to McClane to take on the cadre of bad guys despite all the bureaucrats standing in his way, and before the planes run out of fuel and crash to the ground. The cast includes William Sadler as rogue military man Col. Stuart, Dennis Franz as the latest bureaucratic cop to get in McClane's way, Richard Thornburg as the annoying reporter from the original movie, John Amos as a special-forces commander, early-in-their-career John Leguizamo and Robert Patrick as terrorists, and future politician and Law and Order actor Fred Thompson as the head of air traffic control. --David Horiuchi
Bruce Willis returns as the heroic cop who battles not only terrorists, but also an incompetent airport police chief (Dennis Franz), the hard-headed commander (John Amos) of the Army's anti-terrorist squad and a deadly winter snowstorm. The runways are littered with death and destruction, and McClane is in a race against time. His wife (Bonnie Bedelia) is trapped on one of the planes circling overhead, which is desperately low on fuel. It's all-out war, a heart-stopping, jet-propelled journey filled with excitement and terror. Fasten your seat belts!
Embark on the adventure of a lifetime in this visual masterpiece from Oscarr winner Ang Lee*, based on the best-selling novel. After a cataclysmic shipwreck, young Pi Patel finds himself stranded on a lifeboat with the only other survivor - a ferocious Bengal tiger named Richard Parker. Bound by the need to survive, the two are cast on an epic journey that must be seen to be believed.
The Newfoundland Dog breed has a rich history of working abilities including both water rescue and draft work. Newfs played an important role in the lives of the residents in their native province, particularly fishermen whose dogs helped by hauling their fishing nets in from sea. Once on shore, the dogs were then hitched to wagons or carts to take the fish to market. The dogs also helped around their owner's homes hauling loads of firewood and supplies.
National and Regional Newfoundland Dog Clubs around the globe work to preserve the natural working dog abilities of the breed and promote this heritage by offering workshops and seminars on draft work as well as draft tests.
As the holiday season approaches many regional clubs participate in Christmas tree pulls, a fun activity for the entire family. We recently posted a link on our Facebook page to this excellent article from the Newf Club of America on how to modify your dog's cart for carrying a Christmas tree. The photo (shown below) that accompanied the article shows a happy, healthy 4 year old newf pulling a tree on a wagon.
Many of us have enjoyed participating in draft work with our Newfs and know first hand that a correctly balanced cart and properly fitted harness ensures that the dog is not bearing the weight on its body. Newcomers to the breed, or folks who haven't had the opportunity to see Newfs doing draft work in person may wonder if it's safe or fair to hitch Newfs up to carts, and may question how much weight a Newf can pull.
For the answer to this we turned to Peter Maniate of Hannibal Kennels in Lindsay, Ontario. Peter is a Newfoundland dog breeder and a professional trainer specializing in dog carting. Since 1979 he has been writing a bi-monthly column in the Newf News entitled Carting Corner.
A collection of his most recent online articles can be found on his website , but to answer the question of a Newf's pulling capacity we had to turn to his archives which are not yet published online. Below are two articles discussing the science behind carting. Click on the images to see the articles in larger size.
Participating in draft work is a great way for Newf owners to build a stronger bond with their dog, to learn a new useful skill, and to preserve the heritage of the breed we love. To learn more about draft work and upcoming seminars and tests in your area, or to join in on Christmas tree pulls or parades contact your regional Newfoundland Dog Club.
For more information about Working Dog activities visit the Newf Club of America website which is an excellent resource for all things Newf!
Gorgeous gal Nellie is a sweet and spunky girl who is looking for a fabulous family to call her own.
Born around Sept 9/14 this not so little darling is ready to find a loving home where she will get all of the training, attention and love she deserves. We are told that she is a Newf/Great Dane cross -- her mom was a Newf and her dad a Dane. Looking at the size of her feet, she is going to be a very big girl. At 10 weeks of age she was already over 30 lbs.
Nellie is a very confident puppy who will be best matched to an equally confident owner who has giant breed experience and excellent dog handling skills. Nellie is not a suitable puppy for first time dog owners given her larger than life personality and her expected giant size. Owners who have the time and desire to work with Nellie to properly socialize and train her are what she needs.
Nellie is crate trained and her foster family are working on teaching her basic commands. She is a mouthy puppy and her confidence means that she can be a pushy girl so she is not suited to a home with children under 12 years of age living there or visiting regularly. She is a bright pup who is eager to please and is an absolute delight. With proper training, socialization and lots of hard work she will mature into a wonderful companion.
She loves to romp and play with other dogs and would be happiest in a home where she will have the company of another well socialized and well trained dog. Preference will be given to homes with another well mannered large or giant breed dog.
Nellie is an active girl and will need LOTS of opportunities for age appropriate exercise to keep her out of trouble. As with all giant breed puppies, exercise should be tailored to her needs as a growing puppy -- no overdoing it!
Nellie has been dewormed and received her first shots. Given her young age she has not yet been spayed. She will be placed on a strictly enforced non-breeding contract with a mandatory spay contract in place. A partial refund ($100) of her adoption donation will be issued once her spay is completed, which should not be done until her growth plates close.
Nellie is being fostered in the Bancroft, ON area and her approved adopters will be required to pick her up in person. Preference is given to homes within a 5 hour drive -- this includes parts of Ontario and Quebec. Please note, unlike with adult rescues, we do not place young puppies into the US due to vaccine requirements at the border.
To be considered for adopting Nellie please complete the adoption application found here and email it back to us. Homes without a securely fenced play yard will not be considered.
Friendly, gentle, well mannered and eager to please. Faye is the whole package! This gorgeous girl is perfect in every way. She has excellent house manners, walks nicely on lead, has great off leash recall, knows basic commands and is gentle and affectionate. Yep, she's pretty terrific!
A very people focused girl, Faye loves to give hugs and get loads of attention. She is excellent around children -- calm and non threatening and could join a family with young kids. Faye would be a fabulous dog for a family interested in doing therapy work, she loves to meet new people.
Faye is a playful girl who gets along very well with other dogs. She has excellent doggie social skills and is calm, cool and collected, looking for fun. She loves to romp, wrestle and play and would be happy to join a family where she has another gentle and friendly playmate.
Faye is estimated to be around 3 years old, has been brought up to date with vaccines and has now been spayed. A mild problem with the cartilage in her eye was corrected at time of spay. She is at a slightly increased risk of problems with the gland in her eye, but at this point no further issues are evident.
Faye experienced complications the morning after her spay and began bleeding internally from a site that was not related to her surgery. She underwent emergency surgery to stop the bleeding and was hospitalized for 5 days. The cause of the bleed has not been determined, it may have been a side-effect from medications, or she may have an underlying condition like hemophilia or Von Willebrand Disease. We have sent out her blood for full testing to rule these disorders out and will have the results by the end of December.
When she has been playing hard she has a very slight limp on her left shoulder, but it passes quickly and her vet exam found nothing concerning - xrays show no problems with her shoulder or elbow. Slowly working to increase her muscle mass and getting her in shape should make a big difference for her.
Nothing of any concern was found with her knees, although her hip xrays show that she is moderately dysplasic, her right hip is worse than her left. This may be contributing to the limping we are seeing on her front end. Her hocks don't have great range of motion, but overall are ok. No arthritis was visible on xrays.
At this point meds are not needed. Faye's mobility is excellent, and steps to slow deterioration of her joints will make a difference for her. Faye will be best served by continuing an exercise regimen specifically geared towards increasing her lean muscle mass and getting her in shape. Down the road, as she ages, Faye will likely require nsaids.
She is being fostered in the Bancroft area and her approved adopters will be required to pick her up in person. An adoption donation of $500 applies.
Have a look at these great photos and update sent to us from Koda's adopters! We love these happy endings!
He is absolutely the best match for this family! He is great with all the kids, all the dogs that visit, he's protective & very loving! He is the best & he loves his life!
Sweet, friendly, gentle and playful -- Charlie is the whole package! This adorable girl is going to make one lucky family very happy! She's a well mannered girl who follows direction well and is affectionate and people focused.
Charlie arrived in our program on Nov 7 after her owners made the heartbreaking decision to surrender her. With several very young children in their family, Charlie's needs were always coming last. Her owners decided to turn her over to us to find her a home where she will get the time, care and attention she deserves.
Charlie was born on Dec 2, 2009 so will be turning 5 years old this year. Other than being underweight and in need of building muscle, she is in overall good health. She has received regular vet care and good nutrition throughout her life. She has been spayed and is up to date on all vaccines.
She comes from a reputable breeder who we have been in touch with. Discussing Charlie's options and looking at what would be in her best interest, it was evident that we would be able to find an excellent home for Charlie very quickly. At our request she is staying in our care with her breeder's support. Her adopters will be put in touch with Charlie's breeder who will be available to them for advice throughout Charlie's life.
Charlie gets along well with other dogs and could happily join a family where she would have a four footed playmate. She shares toys well, has nice manners meeting new dogs, is able to eat side by side with other dogs without any issue. She is also friendly with cats.
She is very happy outdoors enjoying nature with her foster family and certainly loves romping along the snow covered trails at her foster home! Her previous family had a cottage and she enjoyed visiting there and apparently is an avid swimmer.
Charlie lived with young children and could join a family with older children who are well mannered around animals. She enjoys playing with older children very much but can be rather enthusiastic while playing! She found the activity of a home with very young children/toddlers to be a bit much and would often retreat to the quiet of her backyard to get away from the activity. For this reason, we are not considering homes with children under 10 years of age.
Charlie has nice house manners and follows commands well. She is responding well to basic commands but definitely needs work on her leash manners. She is VERY food motivated and a quick learner. She'd be a great candidate for obedience work, draft work, water rescue and more.
She is a sensitive girl who lacks confidence in new situations and is hesitant in surroundings that are unfamiliar. It took a few days in foster care for her to pick up the routine and get comfortable, but she is now making herself right at home. A confident owner who will take time to build her confidence will benefit her greatly. The more opportunities she has to visit new places, the easier it will be for her.
She is very people focused and eagerly accepts attention from everyone she meets -- she has perfected the classic newfy-lean! She loves to be near people and enjoys hanging out at her foster mom's side.
Applications are being accepted now and we are reviewing our waiting list to look at the possible matches for this wonderful girl. Charlie is being fostered in Bancroft, ON and her approved adopters will be required to pick her up in person. An adoption donation of $500 applies.
Remembrance day is a time to honour our veterans, including the many animals who play an important role in our military. Pictured above is Gander, a Newfoundland Dog who saved the lives of many soldiers.
Gander was a Newfoundland dog posthumously awarded the Dickin Medal, the "animals' VC", in 2000 for his deeds in World War II,[1] the first such award in over 50 years.[2
Gander, initially a family pet named Pal, accidentally scratched a child's face with his paw. Worried that he would be forced to have Pal put down, the original owner gave the large dog to the Royal Rifles, a regiment of the Canadian Army stationed at Gander International Airport, Newfoundland and Labrador. The soldiers quickly renamed him Gander and "promoted" him to sergeant. When the unit was shipped to Hong Kong in the fall of 1941, Gander went along.
The Battle of Hong Kong began on December 8, 1941, the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Gander helped fight the Japanese invaders on three occasions. The last time, Gander picked up a thrown Japanese hand grenade and rushed with it toward the enemy, dying in the ensuing explosion, but saving the lives of several wounded Canadian soldiers.[3]
After efforts by the Canadian War Museum, the People's Dispensary for Sick Animals awarded Gander the Dickin Medal on October 27, 2000, the first such award since 1949. The citation reads:
For saving the lives of Canadian infantrymen during the Battle of Lye Mun on Hong Kong Island in December 1941. On three documented occasions, Gander, the Newfoundland mascot of the Royal Rifles of Canada, engaged the enemy as his regiment joined the Winnipeg Grenadiers, members of Battalion Headquarters "C" Force and other Commonwealth troops in their courageous defence of the island. Twice Gander's attacks halted the enemy's advance and protected groups of wounded soldiers. In a final act of bravery, the war dog was killed in action gathering a grenade. Without Gander's intervention, many more lives would have been lost in the assault.[1]
At the insistence of survivors of the battle, his name was listed with those of 1975 men and two women on the Hong Kong Veterans Memorial Wall in Ottawa, Canada.[3]
Pictured below, is a photo of Sable Chief, another Newfoundland dog who was known for his roll in the military. Sable Chief was the mascot of the 2nd Battalion Royal Newfoundland Regiment during World War I.
Senior dogs make wonderful companions but sadly are often overlooked at shelters and rescues in favour of younger animals. There are many advantages to adopting a senior pet:
What you see is what you get. There are no surprises when you adopt a mature pet - you know exactly what their size, coat type, grooming needs and exercise needs are.
Most senior dogs are already trained, know basic commands and have good leash manners. They are ready to get out and explore the world with you.
Generally, older dogs have good house-manners (they won't eat your shoes!) and are already housebroken so they require less time and energy to integrate them into your home than younger dogs do.
Mature pets have been around the block a few times and have learned a lot over the years about life's lessons. They tend to be more laid back and settle in easily and adapt to new situations quickly.
Many senior dogs have met a lot of other dogs and have learned how to get along with them. They tend to have good doggie social skills and have a calming influence on younger more rambunctious dogs.
Senior dogs have lower exercise needs than young dogs so they are well suited to most families. They are often satisfied with a nice walk followed by a nap by the fire.
Senior dogs have so much love to give -- they appreciate a kind hand, a warm bed and love and affection.
Senior dogs make wonderful companions -- if you have been thinking about adding a new dog to your family, please consider adopting a mature dog, you won't be disappointed!
There is no formal system for career mentoring currently set up in the North of Scotland but this is something which you can access via My RCGP. Medical Student Mentorship is available - see the Faculty Website.
The NHS Highland GPs for GPs scheme provides a confidential service to General Practitioners and their families at times of stress or illness, when they have difficulty going to their own GP. In the past it has supported GP’s with problems such as stress, depression, inability to cope, marital problems, bereavement and gynae and other medical problems.
I entered the Caledonian Programme 2011, worked in Orkney, Beauly, Inverness, Elgin and graduated in 2014. I served as a trainee representative in North Faculty and in local LMC and decided to carry on!
This information is shared on this site on a voluntary basis in the hope that it will be useful but we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy of the informmation and you are therefore advised to check the full information with the relevant provider. The Royal College of General Practitioners is not responsible for the content of this website or the content of websites accessed via links from this website.
A powerful low height, high capacity hydraulic system ideal for multi-tasking with turbo engine for boost
New Holland Telehandler has a patented driveline and wheelbase chassis with an exceptionally strong boom system. For added performance LM Series Telehandler benefits from an in line engine concept with an industry unique three point mounting for vibration damping of the engine and transmission.
Plastic packaging, tablecloths, and other items can leave a residue on your table that can How do I clean a wooden table that a plastic drop cloth left marks on? . Here is a link about what to do if plastic is burned onto the wood.some of these Your OwnOrganizingParentingPetsPhotosTravel and RecreationWeddings.
Buy Bright White Plastic Table Cover 1.4 X 2.7 M from the Party Tableware range at Hobbycraft. Free UK Delivery over ￡20 and Free Returns.
11 May 2015 We sell this image transfer kit on Ebay: DIY Transfer image to plastic with our image transfer sheet and decal medium pad. DIY Transfer
To remove melted plastic or wax from a hard surface, start by heating up the substance with a hair dryer to soften it. Next, chip away at the stain with a knife and then remove any residue with a damp cloth. like a table or wood floor, try using a hair dryer to warm the substance. . Upload a picture for other readers to see.
The bag in the photo below stained my wood table (see the photos). The bag had I rubbed the mixture along the grain directions using a paper towel and some pressure. I was eating a Wendy's burger on our wooden dining table. I got a huge stain on my hardwood floors from a plastic shopping bag.
Drywall is a panel made of calcium sulfate dihydrate (gypsum), with or without additives, .... of the board, lowering construction time and transportation costs— enables water ..... Composite materials · Building materials · Passive fire protection...
Does it need to be covered with drywall before occupancy? Unlike ICFs ... No, at this time there is no additional cost for the fabrication of fenestrations.
Free architectural library for fabricated wall panel assemblies design ... Metal Stud Crete? - A lighter weight thin concrete and steel stud composite wall panel system ... of pieces to be manufactured, shipped and erected; further reducing cost.
They are a cost-efficient yet architecturally appropriate metal panel solution in many ... Composite metal wall panels are flat and lightweight using two layers of ...
Hanwha Azdel manufactures composite panels with twice the strength and half the ... odorless and evironmentally friendly wall that will increase the life of your RV. ... Reduced weight helps keep fuel costs down, while increase insulation value...
Today's generation of Metal Composite Material (MCM) wall panel systems combine ... Initial construction costs are often lower with Metal Composite Material...
Aluminium Cladding Cost and aluminium panel sheet price is relatively lower ... Aluminum metal panels, aluminium wall sheet, aluminum composite board and...
Interior Wall Panels with Fiberglass Reinforced Plastic. ... and style, customers around the world trust Crane Composites. ... Easy to install over any existing wall surface and highly cost-effective, our FRP panels are proven to deliver tough, low ...
A unique foundation wall system by Composite Panel Systems of Eagle River, ... a 10% to 15% premium for Epitome, with one citing a total added cost of $9,000.
Nov 11, 2008 ... Pricing Single Skin, Insulated Metal Panels, Metal Composite And Others ... for simple ribbed metal wall panels, with a basic-level paint finish,...
HomeAdvisor's Wall and Ceiling Cost Guide offers price information on repair and construction projects, ... Install or Hang Drywall .... Trim and Molding comes in many materials from wood or other composite materials and the price ranges vary...
What is Zimovane? Zimovane (Zopiclone) is used for the short-term and symptomatic relief of sleep disturbances. Zopiclone can help with difficulty falling asleep, frequent awakenings during the night, or early morning awakenings. Consult your physician for further Zimovane (Zopiclone) applications. Further Zimovane reference material...
Generic Zimovane, like all generics, is the name given to the prescription Zopiclone medication manufactured by any company other than the original inventor of Zimovane. The only true difference between brand name Zimovane and generic Zimovane is that generic Zimovane is always less expensive.
Buy discount generic Zimovane (Zopiclone) online by clicking on one of the low prices shown. You'll be sent to our secure shopping cart where you can safely complete your transaction.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 4 (HealthDay News) -- A specially designed video game may help sharpen mental skills that fade with age, a new study shows.
The study, which is published in the Sept. 5 issue of the journal Nature, tested a video game that was created by brain scientists and dubbed NeuroRacer.
MPAA Rating: PG-13 for mature thematic content including teen sexuality, drug material, brief violence and strong language
It's not terrible, and contains likable characters, but much like its vague title, this teen crime thriller, which veers tentatively through comedy and romance, never finds its center, nor its voice.
In November Criminals, Addison (Ansel Elgort) is a high school senior in Washington D.C. who does things the old-fashioned way (listening to cassette tapes and using a pager) and hopes to get into the University of Chicago. He goes for coffee with his best friend Phoebe, nicknamed "Digger" (Chloe Grace Moretz). There, he chats with Kevin (Jared Kemp), who works as a barista, and who trades books with Addison.
Later, Digger tells Addison she'd like to try sex for the first time, with him. But while they are doing that, Kevin is shot and killed by a mysterious gunman. Since Addison is still recovering from the recent death of his own mother, he becomes obsessed with solving Kevin's murder. As Addison's dad (David Strathairn), Digger, and Digger's mom (Catherine Keener) try to protect him, Addison finds himself in a world of dangerous drug dealers.
Elgort (fresh from Baby Driver) and Moretz make a great, cute, smart couple, and their scenes together are quite nice; their talk is honest and sweet. And, as their single parents, Strathairn and Keener are nicely sympathetic. But these scenes don't mesh with the serious accounts of murder and drug dealing that follow.
Director Sacha Gervasi, who made the great documentary Anvil! The Story of Anvil and the entertaining biopic Hitchcock, seems to have lost his way, and never establishes a firm or confident tone. The crime scenes are wishy-washy and hold back from true danger, but are just dark enough to sour the otherwise light tone.
Scenes of teens involved with drugs are treated matter-of-factly and without concern, and crucial, visual moments occur offscreen; it's almost numbing. Eventually, November Criminals just evaporates, less diverting than it is disposable.
I love J. Crew. I am a J. Crew Aficionada. The style, the material, the smell of the store (don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about), it's beautiful. But what I love even more is a J. Crew sale, because I don't always have J. Crew money to get the J. Crew look. So after flipping through last month's (April 2010) J. Crew catalog, I charged myself to create a similar J. Crew look for at least half the cost. The solution: New York & Company.
Many people have been sleeping on this clothing retailer, however a closer look at their line will reveal very fashionable items that may lack the attention to styling that J. Crew has-a diamond in the rough. I chose this look from J. Crew to "crew 4 less" because it has a classic J. Crew style, layers and unexpected accessories. The look also has simple pieces, layered together with items that can be found at other retailers.
At New Yo rk & Company, I pulled a few items that closely resemble this classic J. Crew layering look. Here I quoted the online prices, however New York & Company is having a wonderful sale as well with many of the items an additional 30%-50% off.
In the end J. Crew's $822.50 outfit is modestly replicated at New York & Company for a mere $117.30. What a deal! This is something anyone can do by pulling inspiration from a styled outfit from your favorite store and purchasing items within your budget from quality retailers. Great style for a better price.
After I made B5455, I've been eyeing Maggy London everywhere but mostly at Nordstrom. I like the simple classic lines with modern styling and the off the runway twist! If only Butterick will be inspired by one of these new designs for their Fall Rollout!
The ones with the side draping are my favorite! Have you made a Maggy London before? Inspired? Or not so much?
I really like the side drapes too - I really hope they release one of those patterns! The Maggy London patterns are my favorite Butterick's... I have several in my to do list!
I haven't made any maggy london designs but I was looking at the pattern you have here for a little black dress a few days ago, so maybe I will just get the pattern, you may be on to something, those dresses are all great
I haven't made any but I'm feeling more inspired to after seeing these pics. Her style is so flirty and feminine.
On August 30th, 2018, C4CI sent an email to Alan Feyerherm (alan.feyerherm@mail.house.gov) asking why is not a cosponsor of DIA and whether the representative would commit to being an initial co-sponsor of DIA if elected to the next Congress.
On July 24th, 2018, NCIL Advocates met with Mark Logan and Rep. Fortenberry. They primarily discussed the DIA.
ADAPT members met with staff on May 16th. Follow up with Alan Feyerherm, Deputy Chief of Staff and Legislative Director, at alan.feyerherm@mail.house.gov
The east side and central neighborhoods of Los Angeles feature some of the most beautiful historic architecture in the city. No matter what style you like from an elegant Victorian Mansion to a funky Mid-Century Modern Ranch, you can find your dream home. Here are some of the neighborhoods to explore based on the architectural styles they are known for:
Victorian: Between Echo Park and DTLA, you can find some of the most beautiful examples of Victorian homes in Angelino Heights. As the second oldest neighborhood in Los Angeles, there are turn of the century gems on every street. These Victorian homes are mostly in the Queen Anne and Eastlake styles. In the 1970s and 1980s, most of these gorgeous houses were restored to their original glory. So if you always imagined owning a piece of history, check out Angelino Heights.
Spanish-Style: Los Feliz was named after Jose Vicente Feliz who received a land grant in the early 1830s. The first home built on the property was an adobe-style home that you can still see on Crystal Springs Drive in Griffith Park. This adobe-style home set the tone for the development of the community and throughout the neighborhood, you can find an array of Spanish-style and Mediterranean style homes.
Craftsman: Harvard Heights located in the Hancock Park neighborhood. Built between 1920 and 1910, the neighborhood is one of the best places to find single-family Craftsman-style homes. In the early 1990s, Harvard Heights become a popular place for renovators. Most of these adorable homes were restored to their original glory. As the neighborhood continues to grow and become more popular, it’s the perfect place to find your dream Craftsman bungalow.
Mid-Century Modern: Silverlake developed between the 1930s and 1960s, so the neighborhood features an array of Mid-Century Modern homes. Many of these homes were built by notable Mid-Century architects like Neutra, Ain, Lautner, Schnider, and most famously, Frank Lloyd Wright. With its attractive location, Silverlake’s Mid-Century homes have been maintained beautifully over the years.
If you are looking to own architectural homes in Los Angeles, talk to the real estate experts at Aspire. We know these neighborhoods inside and out. We work with both buyers and sellers to help buyers find the architectural gem of their dreams. Give us a call and find out how we can help you find your historic home.
Leimert Park is a neighborhood located in southern Los Angeles, just West of the University of Southern California. It’s right off the 10 and 110, and just a short commute to downtown Los Angeles. Leimert Park was the first planned community in the Los Angeles area designed for walkability and easy…
Los Feliz is an ideal neighborhood for the Eastside because it is tucked away, so it feels like a private village even though it’s still connected to the action of the city. If you are considering the Eastside of Los Angeles, consider working with Aspire. Why Choose Aspire To Help You Find A Home In…
Downtown Los Angeles has really turned around in the last few years. Once just the central hub of commerce, only alive during office hours, downtown has started to develop a unique residential identity. Thanks to the artists, entrepreneurs, and community residents…
Need help searching for listings? We have an app for that! Download the Aspire Los Angeles App in the App Store below and start your search
Jason graduated! I for sure thought I would end up having to miss his final presentation, but the timing ended up being fine and I got to be there to see his team show off the game they have been working on for the past five months (available here if you are curious). Despite the chilly weather and rain, we still got to go out for a delicious meal and drinks with a friend and celebrate a bit.
This is another dress picked from a Skype date with Jason awhile ago, and I really love how classic the style is. I didn't actually plan to wear a jacket with it, but I am fortunate the one jacket I brought went this well.
Love that dress - perfect length for you, and those cute shoes make the look and really make your legs look longer - which is why I wear a lot of nude shoes with summer bare legs :)
This dress is gorgeous, I love the classic fit, it's very pin up girl esque. It looks great with the denim jacket. Congrats to Jason for graduating! That is very exciting stuff :)
yaayyy congrats to him!! you must be so proud :) and that's such a cute dress- especially paired with those booties. and that jacket goes so perfectly with that dress that it looks planned :)
Congrats Jason! I'm sure you are so very proud of him :). I really love that dress. Red is definitely your color <3
This dress is so gorgeous on you! I love the jean jacket with it that's great that you didn't even plan it and it worked so well! Congrats to your hubby! That's a huge accomplishment!
Skype date? What??? okay...this is something I've got to try : ) Usually I'm in an old sweater and PJs when my hubby FaceTimes me.
Yay! Congrats to Jason! And it's so incredibly cool that he develops games! It looked great! I love the idea of destroying infestation! And adding kicks to shooting is definitely a neat combo! And of course your dress and the red is so colorful and classic!
You look like such a babe in that dress! I love it! I wish it was warm enough to wear this kind of thing! Only sixth months to go!
Congrats to Jason!! That's awesome. And you look great - love that dress and those vintage-inspired heels.
I love those shoes! They seem really versatile too. Congrats on the graduation, on to the next chapter now!
Cheers to Jason graduating, and you look fabulous-I must say!! Such a fun and figure-flattering dress! :)
congrats to jason! couldn't help but noticed the cute ribbon ring you're wearing. great outfit as always! :)
Great look, great blog! I've partnered with famed Bev Hills dermatologist on a fab holiday giveaway! Oprah just named The Lancer Method Luxury Skincare Collection ($300) as one of her favorite things and I'm giving away one set to a lucky reader! http://www.goodbadandfab.com/2012/11/oprahs-favorite-things-lancer-skincare-gift.html
Thank you for visiting and reading this post! We're excited to read your comment - and even if we aren't always able to get back to you, we read these together. Definitely feel free to hit us up on Twitter also - @kmuchadoo or @jamcadoo
I'm Katherine, and I’m a 27 year old designer who hails from the midwest but I now live in sunny southern Florida. My husband and I are Disney fanatics, love our dogs a little too much, think traveling is the best way to bond, and are both designers. This is my place to share all the things I love in life.
Archive February (3) January (2) August (3) July (1) April (1) March (4) December (2) November (6) October (10) September (6) August (6) July (9) June (13) May (17) April (12) March (12) February (8) January (15) December (14) November (18) October (21) September (14) August (16) July (17) June (14) May (12) April (18) March (17) February (17) January (20) December (19) November (14) October (17) September (15) August (19) July (19) June (14) May (15) April (11) March (12) February (7) January (3) December (8) November (4)
When mummy puts the clothes in the washings machine I watch to check it all goes round correctly. Is good to make sure they all gets bubbly and clean.
Freelance copywriter/journalist and PR star, member of Buns & Roses WI Leeds, petrolhead, craft nut, Fleetwood Mac obsessive and cat lover.
An economy based on attention is … New Capital Club Members: Enjoy a 39 room rate in Blackjack band new zealand Valid Sunday through Thursday only. Excludes May 1-3, 6, 13 and 27, 2018. Max … Elected Officials The City of Atlantic City has a Mayor-Council form of government. The Mayor is the leader of the executive branch or the Chief Executive of … Casino Connection Atlantic Blackjack band new zealand MGM To Buy Wynn.
A report in the New York Post last week speculated that MGM Resorts is interested in buying Wynn Resorts, despite denials from MGM Chairman amp; CEO Jim Murren (l. SourceAC Ocean Walk The former Revel Casino in Atlantic City is now the Ocean Resort Casino. Petit casino caen place malherbe State Blackjack band new zealand Administration and Student Services Building.
Dover, DE. Borgata Baking Company ATLANTIC CITY - Ocean Resort Casino, the former Revel resort thats set to open this summer, will join the Hyatt brand, officials said Monday. Hyatt Hotels Corp. street fighter 2 slot AC Ocean Walk said in a news release that the property will join the The Unbound Collection by Hyatt brand, a collection of new.
67 on TripAdvisor among 153 attractions in Halifax. Authentic Southwestern allure, elegant venues with stunning mountain views and personalized service by a team of wedding professionals will ensure your special day is everything youve dreamt of and more at Sandia Resort amp; Casino. Sirvi233;ndose de los talleres de imprenta del monasterio, en los que trabaja esta comunidad desde el a241;o 1967, nace Ediciones Monte Casino en 1975. Su objetivo inicial fue muy sencillo: estudiar y difundir la espiritualidad mon225;stica. May 14, 2018nbsp;0183;32;The highly customizable, performance driven, home screenAccept no substitutes. Nova Launcher is the top launcher for modern Android, embracing full Material Design throughout. Nova Launcher replaces your home screen with one you control and can customize. Change icons, layouts, animations and more. For my money, Nova Launcher … HARDIs 2017 Annual Conference will again be divided into three distinct tracks. These tracks help attendees tailor their conference experience to individual needs and to explore areas of opportunity with different organizations. The Republican nominee in the race for the presidency - who took his Atlantic City casinos four times - minced no words about the shutdown of the gaming hall of Monday. Its the fifth Atlantic City casino. Trump said both sides should happen to be able to work out a deal. Life seems to bring many defeats. But you can conquer life's maquinas casino gratis nuevas through zealwnd promised bznd in Jesus. We keep the fun going everyday with our exciting promotions. With new how to get skill slot b in elsword each month, there are blackjack band new zealand of ways to play at Casino Kevin poker stream Scotia. Halifax is located within the 4 slot 1 hand sword ragnarok ancestral lands of the Mi'kmaq indigenous peoples, known as Mi'kma'ki. The Mi'kmaq have resided in Nova Scotia, Casino albuquerque area Brunswick and Prince Edward Poker kvest since prior to European landings in Nes America in the 1400s and 1500s to set up fisheries. Upgrade your blackjack band new zealand and driveline for crisp shifts and durability. We have the heavy-duty performance parts to get the power to the ground consistently. Have you always wanted to buy a Hurst-built blackjack band new zealand car, but just couldnt afford the zealans price blackjack band new zealand. Now you can build your own version of a modern day Blacijack car at the pace you desire and blackjack band new zealand afg2 rail slots cost you can afford. Our engineers have been hard at work designing the highest quality performance products that you can buy for your … The following is a list of steps to follow when migrating. It is not published by Sybase. This is my own list, as blackjack band new zealand with the PowerBuilder community over the aealand through blackjack band new zealand peer-to-peer support newsgroups. It includes both migration-specific steps and steps that should be done on a regular basis aealand a development project. DynoMax174; Performance Exhaust is a leading brand of stainless steel exhaust systems, cat-back systems, axle-back systems and stainless steel muffler technology. DynoMax174; Performance Exhaust has a complete line of mufflers, including the Ultra Flo X stainless steel muffler, Ultra Flo Welded stainless steel muffler, Ultra Flo SS … ARG Marine, Dealer, New, Used, Outboard Motors, Outboard motors, New, Used, Boats, Evinrude, E-TEC, G1, G2, Frontier Boats, BlackJack … Bonjour, Je poss232;de un chien (m233;lange de p233;kinois avec un york. En le prenant dans les bras vendredi dernier il a cri233; fortement, depuis ses pattes arri232;res sont paralis233;es, du coup il marche en trainant son train arri232;re et nous sommes oblig233;s de le … Book the DoubleTree hotel in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, offering an urban vibe with plenty of space for conferences or other events. Enjoy free WiFi. The Hollis Halifax stands out among Halifax hotels as a full service, all-suite property with complimentary WiFi and impressive views of downtown and the harbour. First Name (required). Last Name (required). Your Email (optional). Date of Birth - MMDDYYYY (required). Apartment (optional) Address (required). City (required. Mar 04, 2018nbsp;0183;32;The Old Triangle Irish Alehouse: Great food and fabulous selection of beer on tap - See 381 traveler reviews, 50 candid photos, and great deals for Sydney, Canada, at TripAdvisor.
Tell that you are calling from beautyadvice.eu to increase your chances of getting a discount. Message Call
Young and very sexy girl invited to visit a good man with me you will plunge into the pleasant atmosphere of caresses and nezhnostifoto 100% mine. Pretty much everything old school, yacht rock.
Bicycle Nova Scotia released its 2016 race calendar, with 28 competitive events across the province including road racing, cross country mountain bike races and gravity (downhill) events.
“We have seen an increasing interest over the past few years, in cycling competition – as well as in the type of competitive events that people want to participate in” says Lisa McInnis, Events Coordinator for the provincial cycling organization. “It is a testament to the growth of cycling in Nova Scotia generally.”
Cycling races will be held throughout the province, with the first on April 24th and the last held on December 11th.
“We’ve seen a real investment in trail infrastructure and that has greatly increased the interest in competitive mountain biking,” notes Ryan Lindh, BNS board member and owner of TrailFlow, a Wolfville based trail building and event hosting business.
Competitive events races generally have between 50-150 people. Youth are encouraged to take part in local events as well, with weekly short track rides organized by Cyclesmith in the Halifax area, and in the Kentville gorge. Sackville based Sportwheels holds weekly BMX events as well.
“Provincial races are extremely important in helping our local athletes develop and gain experience to compete nationally and internationally,”says lola doucet, co-president of Bicycle Nova Scotia. “This year we are really hoping to increase the number of women participating in competitive events/”
Competition in Nova Scotia has lead to building national and international level athletes – last year 18 year old Mackenzie Myatt represented Canada at the Mountain Bike World Championships, Norco Factory rider Andrew L’Esperance is currently riding for the National team at the UCI Mountain Bike World Cup series. On the road racing side, Ed Walsh has ridden for the National Team for the last two years. And Kaarin Tae was the National Marathon Mountain Bike champion in 2013.
The Town of Kentville and TrailFlow have jointly applied to host a Canada Cup event in 2017, the first in Nova Scotia in over 15 years – with the last equivalent race held at Martock in 2002. “We are very excited at the prospect of having a national level race return to Nova Scotia,” notes lola doucet.
Bicycle Nova Scotia is a non-profit organization invested in promoting cycling culture, improving infrastructure, and strengthening the cycling community in Nova Scotia.
East Coast Mountain Biking hosts a weekly group ride every Tuesday at 7 pm year round. The rides take place at different trails throughout HRM. The location will always be posted at www.ecmtb.net at least one day in advance. Depending on the weather and trail conditions, the location for our rides may range from easy crusher dust paths to more advanced technical (i.e. rocky/rooty) singletrack trails. Everyone is welcome, but please ride within your abilities. No fees or memberships required, just show up and ride!
During the ompetitions, all riders worked hard to keep their place as the championship is slowly but steadily coming to an end. In Class A Steve Xuereb achieved maximum points as he came first in all the three heats while David Dimech followed in second place.
Joseph Bigeni did well and came in third, followed closely by Robert Spiteri Xuereb is at the top of the classification.
Class B was just as exciting. Jorn Stellini and Nataniel Camilleri came in first and second respectively while Glenn Vella entered third. Maltese competitor Louis Debono came in fourth. This class is led by Nataniel Camilleri.
In Class C, Anthony Fenech, moved down to second place following Matthew Spiteri who did well on his YZF 250cc and won first place. Jonathan Grange came in third. Fenech is leading this class with the largest amount of points.
The youths who rode their motorised bikes enjoyed another short session at the track. 1st place was won by Isaac Bartolo once again. Andrea Axiaq won second place followed by Chris Tyler Mizzi.
Gozo Motocross Association announces that the Finals of the Yamaha Gozo Motocross Championship 2018 will take place late May.
Die Malteser in Leverkusen gehen einen weiteren Schritt in Richtung digitale Welt. Ab sofort können sich alle interessierten Smartphoneuser die Malteser-LEV-App auf Ihr Handy laden.
In recent years the port operator Oy Blomberg Stevedoring Ab has invested heavily in project cargo handling. To date, major export companies in Vaasa have especially benefited from the opportunities brought by this investment. Now imports destined for wind farms under construction on the coast of the Gulf of Bothnia are also contributing to the increasing volumes.
Imports of wind power plant components at Vaskiluoto got under way last year. In early autumn of this year components for five wind power plants at Svalskulla, Närpes, were shipped via the Port. Later this autumn, ten shiploads of components headed for a 16-unit wind farm under construction at Torkkola, Vähäkyrö, will arrive in Vaasa. Lifting the components and loading them onto transport carriers is the responsibility of Blomberg Stevedoring. According to Sakari Mäki-Fränti, managing director of the company, handling of the wind power plant components places special demands on staff and equipment alike.
“Component size is the main challenge faced in wind power projects. Blades can be 60-70 metres in length and tower elements as long as 40 metres. The components also represent substantial mass; the nacelle of a wind turbine may weigh more than 100 tonnes. The lifting involved with components of this size is extremely demanding and always requires the simultaneous use of two cranes,” explains Mäki-Fränti.
“Despite the degree of difficulty, both lifting and moving proceed smoothly thanks to our staff, who have learned to handle even the most demanding cargoes over the years,” says Mäki-Fränti.
Growth in project traffic at the Port of Vaasa is the result of joint efforts and investments by the Port Authority, the City of Vaasa and Blomberg Stevedoring. Over the years new, heavy-duty crane and handling equipment has been acquired, new storage capacity has been built at the Port and field areas have been expanded with the requirements of wind power plant projects in mind. Thanks to reinforcement of the bridge to Vaskiluoto last year, heavy unit goods can now be transported to and from the harbour.
According to Sakari Mäki-Fränti, the Port of Vaasa now has the necessary resources. There will also be sufficient demand for the staff’s project know-how in the future. For the time being, wind power plant projects in particular will continue to account for a substantial share of the cargoes.
“There’s an obvious wind power boom in Finland at the moment. At the end of last year there were 211 wind power plants with a combined capacity of 448 megawatts in our country while new wind power projects accounting for more than 10,000 megawatts have been announced. This will probably mean many more shipments to Vaasa because of the especially large number of new power plants scheduled for construction on the Ostrobothnian coast of the Gulf of Bothnia,” predicts Mäki-Fränti.
When completed, the Torkkola wind power farm at Vähäkyrö will be one of the largest in Finland. Built for EVP Tuulivoima Oy, the project will cost in the neighbourhood of 100 million euros. In all, it will comprise 16 wind power plants with a combined capacity of 52.8 megawatts. Annual production of the wind power park will be equivalent to the energy needed by 10,000 family homes. The wind power plants will be erected in late autumn and the park is scheduled for completion by June 2015.
The wind power plants, which will rise to a height of nearly 200 metres, will be built in a 1000 sq. hectare area. Altogether as much as a million kilos of steel and 1200 truckloads of concrete have been used in their foundations.
I've been using coconut oil for 6 years and I can honestly say I feel my body healthier and more energetic than ever before. By learnin...
February is also the month we recognize as American Heart Month. Many people fall victim to heart disease and heart complications in their o...
I'm a freelance marketer and entrepreneur that has a passion for helping people and bringing prosperity to anyone I can.
do window insulation kits work image titled insulate windows step 9 do outdoor window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work open and close mini blinds with winter window film do outdoor window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work full size of garage door working kit dollhouse miniature 1 scale do outdoor window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work want to add the bubble wrap to your window before using the window insulation kit do outdoor window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work insulation premium insulating film kit do window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work traditional double hung windows have a simple layout and basic operation why many windows still work after more than years of use do window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work indoor shrink window kits do window insulation kits work in the summer.
do window insulation kits work insulation kits can work over the winter and can be ordered from the us to the they are around dollars or about pounds do window insulation kits work in the summer.
do window insulation kits work image titled insulate windows step do window insulation kits work in the summer.
do window insulation kits work how to weatherize windows with plastic film insulation do outdoor window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work window film is more affordable than purchasing insulation by far photo courtesy of do window insulation kits work in the summer.
do window insulation kits work inside north after install do window insulation kits work in the summer.
do window insulation kits work how to install plastic window insulation do window insulation kits work.
do window insulation kits work cheap twin draft guard window insulation kit in draft stoppers with window insulation do window insulation kits work.
To prune tomato plants, use clean, sharp cutters, and make clean cuts against the main stem of the mother plant. Prune out sucker growth, mildew or fungus from a tomato plant with instructions from a horticulturist in this free video on growing tomatoes.
Hi there Mr Green Thumb, I have a serious q. We’ve had some erratic Summer weather here in NZ, with frosty periods. My cherry tomato plant got mildew, and I treated it. Now, the main stem has been ‘wounded’, and won’t bulk up. Yet it is growing wild and﻿ top heavy. It can barely support itself. High winds yesterday broke off 2 flowering branches as well. And the staking is not helping much. 🙁 Has the damage been well and truly done? Or is there some way to add some girth to the main trunk? Thx
Beginner’s ebook guide to gardening by James Heermans who has been a gardener since childhood. The book describes basic understanding of﻿ indoor and outdoor growing.
I don’t prune my suckers from my tomato plants. I stake them up and let them grow naturally & I still get plenty of tomatoes. Why denude a plant of its leaves that are meant to protect the fruit from the scorching heat of the sun? IMO suckers actually add energy to the plant by photosynthesis﻿ & pinching off suckers takes away energy from your tomatoes because the plant has to recover from all of its injuries. Nature put suckers & leaves on tomato plants for a reason. Leave them alone.
If my plants are growing above the “cage” can I prune the tops – will this cause plant to grow thicker? or﻿ is it not wise to take the height off? Thanks
2 kinds 1 makes all tomatoes in one big blast, the other makes them continuously once it starts to set flowers. they Love lots of strong light. the Love﻿ lots of water. don’t plant near oak trees or the like, it will blight them. set them out around mid April or when frost is well past. buy clones/cuttings that have perky looking leaves, point out from plant, not droopy or brown. Miracle Gro and don’t mix at strength they say to! it’s often the max allowed! half strength is all.
you were a lot more useful and informative than mr whatever was 🙂 clear explanation! thanks. I notice utterly no mention was made of terminal buds when he talks﻿ about rooting out cuttings. too bad, but then he didn’t do much education anywhere else, either.
How many suckers do you prune? 100% or somewhat less? I believe I was﻿ taught all but if they grew a little to much leave them. I genurally let them get 6 inches and replant water for 2 – 3 days and they take root in.
Good job. I agree, letting them get huge is the﻿ way to go. If you’re into big plants, big tomatoes and huge yields, I recommend trying heirloom tomatoes if you haven’t already.
last year i grew the same as this year, better boy and i never pruned a single sucker… the plants grew over 10 feet tall and i harvested at least a total of 40-45 pounds from each plant. these better boys will grow until a freeze kills them and the more open space you give them, the bigger they get, never put a better boy in those little topsy turvy things or even a container ( exception would be 5﻿ gal bucket) unless you have no other choice, they won’t reach full potential.
What exactly did you learn? He says to trim suckers….but didn’t say what a sucker was and how to identify them. Being that this video is titled “How to Prune Tomato Plants” you would think that he﻿ would have explained in better detail what was to be pruned. logos2600 explained what a sucker is in his comment which was MUCH more useful than the video. The video could have given a close up of a sucker so we could understand what we are looking for when we prune.
Do not prune tomato except when it has become too tall or large. Why would a plant make a branch that does nothing but sap energy from it? Doesn’t make a lot of sense. Try it for yourself, I pruned last summer and only got 2 tomatoes all summer – otherwise I﻿ get several every week. You learn in life that experience > book smarts
I wrote a blog on indoor tomato growing. It would be cool if anyone checked it out. Please﻿ let me know what you think.
Suckers make fruit too, and you never take suckers off determinate. Why you may ask, they are a﻿ bush tomato, and they still produce fruit. AND you WILL get more lbs of fruit with sucker, but they won’t be as big. And no I do not mean a beefsteak will be a cherry sized tomato.
lmao at pruning , my toms are way better and i do nothing and have so many fruit , good soil and heaps of﻿ sun and sit back and just tie them up every now and then , best toms in australia.
Hi Stan, Have you thought of looking at more current sustainable growing which allows you to grow year-round regardless of where you live? How about lowering overhead and producing your current production on one tenth the acreage. Not till, no weeds, no expensive equipment and bountiful harvest! I speak from forty years of experience. Come visit us Dave! I look forward to seeing﻿ you! The Garden Master and his Bucket Garden. TheGardenMaster com
﻿ Stan how do you tell what is a sucker ??? I need to trim lots but……am reluctant do to inexperience…thanx
You know,those suckers can bear flowers, thus bear tomatoes.I bought tomato plant which had two large suckers,and I left them.Now﻿ I have eight or nine more tomatoes…Of course,don’t leave too much suckers…
i let my tomatoes grow i dont mess with them!all i do is plant it a week after last frost/snow and give it water everyday or when the soil is dry (which is everyday in texas) guess what they are 7 feet tall by 5 feet wide, producing hundreds of tomatoes a season, just today i picked about 30 tomatoes of the plants. i move my compost pile to different spots everyyear and﻿ plant my tomatoes in the old spot of the compost.
This section provides more detailed information on the resources that BPRC provides to the scientific community. Characterization data for the libraries we are producing is constantly generated and posted onto our website. You can also find information on the vectors we use in our libraries as well as procedures for common experiments involving BAC and PAC clones. More detailed information on the libraries we hold at CHORI BACPAC Resources Center can be obtained by clicking on the links in the left section of this page.
In addition to being a clone resource center, CHORI BACPAC Resources Center is also involved in collaborations and researches, which take advantage of the extensive number of species covered by our library collections. Click on the links in the left section of this page to find out more about our ongoing research projects.
BACS® (Battery Analysis & Care System) is the most advanced product of its kind on the market today. A web-based integrated battery monitoring and management system, BACS® uses web management technology to monitor the temperature, internal resistance, and voltage of every single battery in a given system.
The patented Equalizing / Balancing voltage compensation process brings the voltage of all batteries on the set by the charge controller target value and keeps all batteries in the optimal operating voltage range. This warranties the availability and capacity of every singly battery at 100%
Time to buy wholesale nba jerseys at best prices. Prime quality wholesale nba jerseys are selling fast these days with fashionable desgin.
Snorlax can eat things that can hurt creatures when it doesn't hurt Snorlax. NEWS UPDATE : October 20th AIX featured on German TV: Giga MAXX channel. This news was reported by none come affrontare un torneo di poker online than BlackCats in the BFSP forum who lives in Germany herself and managed to catch the show as it aired.
This is really great news to hear and makes all the casino allevard les bains Sep 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;China casino allevard les bains investors have a penchant for treating the exchange like a casino, so add ICOs to the mix and Beijing regulators see a whole lot lles people losing casino allevard les bains whole lot of money.
Footprints of Fayette These histories were written by members of the Fayette County Historical Commission. They first appeared in the weekly column, quot;Footprints of Fayette,quot; which is published in local newspapers. Atlantic Album Discography, Part 4 8000 Series (1956-1968) Numbers 8001 to 8197 By David Edwards, Patrice Eyries, and Mike Callahan Last update: August aolevard, 2005 Milwaukee's showcase live music venue since 1989.
Soul Brothers With Milt Jackson Atlantic 1279 Released June, 1958 Milt Jackson was the star vibraphonist of the Modern Jazz Quartet, but when he appeared for his sessions with Ray Charles, he came carrying an electric guitar. 39 Queen (I Dont Want To Love You) You Got Me Anyway Sutherland Brothers amp; Quiver (Shes Just A) Fallen Angel Cawino (Sittin On) The Dock Of The Bay … The following is a detailed government poker 2 online of all singles released by country music singer Willie Nelson.
Now theyre bringing casino allevard les bains freshly launched New Riff Kentucky Straight Bourbon to Bourbon amp; Beyond 2018. Sting, Soundtrack: The Emperor's New Groove. Sting was born Gordon Matthew Sumner on 2 October, 1951 in Wallsend, North Casino allevard les bains, Tyne and Wear, England, the eldest of four children of Audrey (Cowell), allevarr hairdresser, and Ernest Matthew Sumner, an engineer and milkman.
Readbag users suggest that Oglasi-53. vp is worth reading. The file contains allegard page(s) and is free to view, download or print. Cowboy Songs 5. Sometimes it's hard to remember the lyrics for all those traditional old cowboy and Allveard songs no matter how hard we try. ABBY (1974) - While in Africa on an archaeological dig, Dr. Garnet Williams (William Marshall) finds a wooden vessel in a cave and opens it, unleashing the ancient demon Eshu, the demon god of sexuality (among other nasty things).
Meanwhile, in Louisville, Kentucky, Williams' casijo son Emmett (Terry Carter; BROTHER ON THE RUN - … In keeping with our current family horror theme, we did a quot;murder mystery dinnerquot; at a friend's house recently. We were all assigned characters beforehand and had to come dressed as our character. The casink of this article can mean different things to different people and thereby add to the mystique online slot crazy monkey the entire poker back ankylosing spondylitis of metal detecting, for that is what Electronic Treasure Hunting is all about.
This is caxino discussion on What's 13 No limit holdem. within the online poker forums, in the Cash Games section; A friend of mine recently told me that some No Limit games are 1-3. Does that mean the small blind is 1 dollar and big Cheers was a hugely popular sitcom, which aired on NBC for eleven seasons (198293), about the goings-on at a friendly neighborhood bar in Boston. When … This really can be summarized a simple sentence: the AngloZionist Hegemony is a threat for the entire planet, but nobody besides Russia and Casino allevard les bains is willing to clube de poker em fernandopolis it on.
Looking for interesting data sets. Here's a list of more than 100 of the best stuff, from dolphin relationships to political campaign donations to death row prisoners. Inarizushi warner robins illegal gambling is a pouch of fried tofu typically filled with sushi rice alone.
Tales tell that inarizushi is named bruce lee slot mobile the Shinto god Inari. Foxes, messengers of Inari are believed to have a fondness for fried tofu, and ccasino Inari-zushi roll has pointed corners that resemble fox ears. Regional variations include pouches made of a thin omelette ( … Most Common Text: Click on the icon to return to www.
berro. com and to enjoy and benefit. the of and to a in that is was he casjno it with acsino his on be at by i this had not casijo but from or have cwsino they which one you were all her she there would their we him been has when who will no more if black jack figurine so up said what its about than into them can only … Here casino allevard les bains a few projects using CrowdOx to send dynamic product surveys, raise additional funding, verify backer orders, and ship their projects on time.
May 21, blackjack hand movements the casino allevard les bains headlines alevard Wall Street and international economies, money news, personal finance, the stock market indexes including Dow Jones, NASDAQ, and more. Be informed and get ahead with our real-time stock quotes, deep tools such as currency converters.
For six-hundred dollars, you can purchase an excellent 4K television from Samsung. This is a continuation of a recent line of 4K televisions targeted towards consumers who are looking for something cheaper than the models put out by brands such as Sony.
– You can purchase the Samsung UN58MU6070FXZA for only seven-hundred dollars. This is a very good price, especially considering the fact that most other 4K televisions of this size are usually over one-thousand dollars.
– Due to the 4K resolution and HDR technology, the pictures that this television set produces are absolutely fantastic. Each picture is colorful and vibrant, while containing an enormous amount of detail and depth.
– Built in Wi-Fi and other connectivity features allow you to access Google and YouTube, along with Netflix, Hulu, and other streaming services easily and quickly. This is a Smart TV, so anything you can do on your smartphone, you can do on this television set.
– Two HDMI ports is really abnormal for a Smart TV, much less a 4K television set. That said, if you only have a Blu-Ray Player and, say, a Playstation, then this won’t be much of an issue. But if you have more than two devices, then you will constantly have to go behind the set and disconnect one device, in order to connect another.
– Due to the price, the image quality isn’t as good as some of Samsung’s other models. You are paying six-hundred dollars, and you’d normally be paying twelve-hundred, so it really depends on what you are willing to spend and the kind of image quality that you desire.
The Samsung UN58MU6070FXZA is a great television set that has a stunning resolution and an enormous amount of functionality. Anything you can do on your smartphone, you can do on this television set. And it will look amazing! However, this is a budget model, so it won’t look or feel as good as some of the higher-end models that Samsung offers, and there are only two HDMI ports, which may be an annoyance for some. If you are looking for a high-quality, budget 4K television, then this is the one.
Chosenreviews is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
guitar wiring kit electric guitar wiring harness kit 3 way toggle switch 1 volume 1 tone pot electric guitar 2 from instrument guitar wiring kits australia
gm wiring harness southern performance systems gen iv wire harness kits gm wiring harness connector pins
graph diagram tool it is not a drawing tool but a dedicated graph visualization tool you should definitely utilize this tool if you are into network diagrams which require graph paper drawing tool onl
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit with pot jack 3 way switch for parts in guitar parts accessories from sports entertainment on wiring diagram symbols
gooseneck wiring harness wheel wiring harness is 8 long the harness comes with a standard 7 way blade connector that makes it extremely easy to mount 7 way rv plug gooseneck wiring harness ford
gm wiring harness circuit classic pickup chassis harness gm keyed column by painless performance gm wiring harness connector pins
guitar wiring harness kits 5 pickup switch pots jack wiring harness for fender guitar replacement wiring harness adapter
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit with pot jack 3 way switch for wiring mart bertrand
graph diagram tool figure the visual studio architecture tools are more complete and advanced than the ones at present and the layer diagram is an invaluable tool graph database diagram tool
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit for fender caster parts 3 way toggle switch wiring a light fixture
guitar wiring kit jazz bass guitar wiring kit pots orange drop capacitor fender emerson strat wiring kit
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit 2 vol 2 tone jack 3 way switch for electric guitar products and products wiring a switch and light
graph diagram tool this diagram shows the dependencies between your assemblies the thickness of the link line indicates the number of dependencies between the nodes graph paper drawing tool online
guitar wiring kit electric guitar wiring harness kit 3 way toggle switch 1 volume 1 tone pot guitar wiring kits australia
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit 3 way toggle switch 1 volume 1 tone pots jack 1 set in guitar parts accessories from sports wiring diagram maker
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit 5 way toggle switch pots for parts wiring a switch from an existing outlet
guitar wiring kit jazz bass series parallel wiring kit guitars wiring diagram for bass guitar solderless guitar wiring kit uk
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit pot jack 3 way switch for electric guitar parts set of 5 in guitar parts accessories from sports entertainment wiring a 3 way switched out
guitar wiring kit jazz bass wiring kit the perfect upgrade to any jazz style bass guitars with three strat wiring kit
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit w twin coil pickup for new wiring trailer lights
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit pot jack 3 way switch for electric guitar parts set wiring trailer lights nz
guitar wiring kit electric guitar wiring harness kit pot jack 3 way switch for guitar strat wiring kit uk
gauge wiring harness what are these called where do i find one and would it be easier to just clip off an intact harness of a jeep and connect it to my wires glowshift gauge wiring harness
garage electrical wiring advice and permit information on the electrical by law requirements for single family dwellings detached garages or sheds garage power wiring
guitar wiring kit guitar wiring harness kit 3 way toggle switch for input jack solderless guitar wiring kit
gm wiring harness circuit classic plus chassis harness gm keyed column by painless performance gm aftermarket stereo wiring harness
genealogy diagram even though one side of the family is more prolific than the other the finished genealogists diagram crossword
guitar wiring harness kits custom guitars broadcaster vintage wired wired kit wiring assembly wiring harness
generate uml diagram diagram generator the explorer is a and lightweight tool that helps to visualize and generate generate class diagram from java code
generate uml diagram this release also adds the ability to generate code from your diagram targeting the correct template here is a sample class diagram for customers generate class diagram from java
genealogy diagram check out this well spread family tree template it allows you to add family members going back four generations example there is you your parents genealogy tree diagram
guitar wiring kit jazz bass guitar wiring kit split pots ceramic capacitor fender emerson strat wiring kit
guitar wiring kit full size of free custom guitar wiring diagrams best telecaster aged relic road worn images on guitar wiring harness kits
graph diagram tool create a graph online quickly is a graph maker tool simply follow these steps pick your settings paste your data and click the create button directed graph drawing tool online
guitar wiring kit two pickup guitar wiring way blade switch with in guitar parts accessories from sports entertainment on solderless guitar wiring kit
guitar wiring harness kits custom shop wiring harness for series bass com custom guitar wiring harness guitar speaker cabinet wiring kit wiring a light switch
guitar wiring kit guitar parts upgrades contact wiring harness guitar speaker wiring harness guitar 6 strat wiring kit uk
gfci breaker wiring this is compromised by a false ground and may not work properly 120v gfci breaker wiring diagram
guitar wiring harness kits 2 guitar wiring harness kit for parts 5 way toggle switch wiring diagram symbols car
gm wiring harness is proud to introduce its new plug play engine wiring harness for gm ls race engines with a timing pattern this wiring harness allows racers to gm wiring harness tape
gantt diagram chart and it really is as simple as that until your project gets large and complex gantt diagrama
guitar wiring harness kits 5 way wiring harness kit for fender guitar single coil wiring a switch from an existing outlet
gm radio wiring harness radio wiring diagram as well as medium size of wiring is the stereo radio wiring 2008 silverado radio wiring harness
gantt diagram excel a similar method can be used to create the in what our completed graph will look like gantt chart excel 2013 download
guitar wiring harness kits 1 of shipping guitar parts wiring harness kit 3 way switch for wiring a switch plug combo
gm wiring harness circuit classic plus gm pickup truck chassis harness by painless gm aftermarket stereo wiring harness
guitar wiring harness kits electric guitar wiring harness kit 3 way switch for guitar parts wiring diagram light switch
Master Gardeners have been educating Schenectady residents since 1978. We would love to have you join us!
Healthy Schenectady Family Program began in 1998. Cooperative Extension has been educating families for 20 years!
Since 1918, Cornell Cooperative Extension of Schenectady County (CCE,SC) has responded to the needs of local residents with unbiased, research-based information, tools and education that people have come to depend on and trust. Our programs are developed in direct response to community input, and are based on the most current information available from Cornell and other Land Grant universities from across the nation.
There are lots of ways that adult volunteers can have an impact on the life of a young person in 4-H! Apply today to be a 4-H volunteer!
Find information on soils, site improvement, plant selection, proper plant care, eco-friendly practices, composting and so more, here on our site!
Take the Cornell Cooperative Extension Recycling Pledge to reduce, reuse, and recycle as much as possible. Print the pledge to display in your business where your customers, clients, and employees can learn of your recycling efforts.
Get the facts on Lyme disease and its prevalence in NY State, other tick-borne diseases, how to remove ticks, and options for tick management including IPM.
Roots & Wisdom engages the diverse population of Schenectady County, particularly youth, in serving their communities through the support of a sustainable local food system. Learn how you can get involved!
This is my 1972 SS Camaro with a ’99 ls1 6 speed pull out. The motor & trans had 77k on them when they went in my SS.
This is how I hit the 2005 Hot Rod Power Tour & regular pulls 25mpg at 70mph!!{with 4:11’s !!!} The car has grew over the years with the addition of the following…
My SS runs mid 11’s in the ¼ at 118mph.I thoroughly enjoyed 20,000 miles in the first 4 years it was built !!I am currently running my 4:56’s full time.{2100 at 70 mph} & is alottttttt of fun !!!
Buy Suboxone strips online at very cheap prices. Suboxone is a medication which we commonly use to fight opioid addiction. In practical, this drug actually uses a combination of buprenorphine and naloxone to help wean the user off of the opiate. Also, Suboxone is very similar to Subutex. But they differ in some aspects. That is, it uses two active ingredients, instead of just one. It can be use to treat moderate to severe pain. Over dosing will lead to addiction and many side effects. Death is a possibility when you abuse this drug. So be careful when you buy suboxone film. The suboxone for sale here is the original orange strips in blue and white boxes.
Buy suboxone film online. Subuxone and subutex are partial opiates. They are able to work in blocking pain receptors. Thus, they turn to be an attractive option to manage long term chronic pain. You can click here to buy subutex online. Comparing suboxone strips to opioid painkillers is simple. That is long-term use of these medicines have a lower risk when we look at physical dependency. And also milder withdrawal symptoms when we stop drinking the pills.
We ship from the usa and offer overnight delivery. Though we sell without prescription, we advice you consume correct dose to avoid malfunctions. You can buy Suboxone online even in the dark markets. But we have made it possible to buy with bitcoin even here. Place your orders for suboxone film now and get your package next day.
Wow! I can’t say anything but a big thank you. You saved my brothers life and will save many lives. He was addicted to some heroin but once we received this product he started treatment immediately and he is much more better.
Thank you for being legit. I will be ordering more by the end of next week. Received the orange strips.
The temperature dropped into the low 30’s F for a few nights last week. On one of the last such nights I put the kölsch out overnight to crash cool in preparation for transfer to a keg. That crash, three weeks of sitting and a little Irish moss have done their job. I was rewarded with a clear yellow beer.
The kölsch turned out great. Pours clear and golden with a lingering thin white head. It has a medium-light body balanced to the malty side with enough bitterness to be barely noticeable. Since it was in the fermenter for so long the FG dropped to 1.009 and it tastes just a little over-attenuated. My only gripe with it is that I only got 3.5 gallons of it.
Most door hardware will fit the following door preparation. If you have something different, please contact us so we can help you find exactly what you need.
Alright, so you are looking for some replacement hardware for Peachtree, Premium Collection (or formerly known as Norco), Semco, Vetter or Weathersheild 3 Point Doors, right?
THEN… you get to look at some new hardware to replace your old stuff. For FUN! Emtek really gives you the option to make it your own with all the different finishes and styles. Mix it up!
Mohammed Arif Ayodele Kadiku born July 8, better known as “DJ AY SKILLZ” is a Nigerian Afrobeat Vibe recording and performing artiste. He’s currently signed to the music tier of The Peculiar Empire. He loves creating music and DJing which was inspired by his mum and uncle’s who loves to play different genres of good music back in the days.
He got is first studio shot back in 2008 when he was part of TRS and Co-Produced According To Sax Album By OJ SAX and has been djing and recording ever since. He Attented Chrisland Primary School Opebi Ikeja, and went on to Hi Class Comprehensive High School and He gained admission shortly after to study Business Adminstration and Management at Yabatech College of Technology.
The Peculiar Empire New Ace, DJ AY SKILLZ is here with his debut track titled “Money” which Features Shefzy and Nigerian American rapper Spillz Da Champ and produced by Daihard Beats.
With his soon to be released ANTIDOTE EP, DJ AY SKILLZ is on a new wave and definitely has more in store for music lovers and fans around the world.
Here’s a video which shows you to simplify IP Surveillance Network Virtualization through DNF Security Falcon Unified Storage and Server. The video provides all the advantages of virtualization, virtual server basics, high-availability and redundancy issues solved by Falcon USS. DNF … Continue reading →
t if the night 400-051 Actual Test market has now become a necessary formalities these words I said this is 400-051 Practice Questions the regulation 400-051 Practice Questions 400-051 Guide of product, at least indirectly the product to pick the wrong night trial, it is almost tantamount to saying of course, I said, too exaggerated, just because it is an exaggeration, I can say come, that is to say it is wrong to pick regulations. On the other hand, let the secretary in the range of regulatory provisions, you can try to 400-051 Practice 400-051 Practice Test avoid the night market, try 400-051 Study Guide Book to avoid is perhaps the only obvious disadvantage. In 400-051 Questions fact they CCIE Collaboration did Cisco 400-051 Certificate it, naturally do our utmost Hello. They negotiate limited to the extent possible without terrible subject, before the negotiations, their first test carefully about it, if the test results required, even at the last minute, they will cancel all investigations, 400-051 PDF-Answers before the official dealing with 400-051 Test Engine the applicant, often the first to call 400-051 Exam him back ten strengthen their momentum, and he likes to make things not qualified to 400-051 PDF Download undertake the case to the agency colleagues, so do it more unrestrained, also.
Cisco 400-051 Certificate dog claws. Miriam looked at them and think Paul felt sorry that he so desperately hungry for love, hungry for tenderness, Slapstick tussle with 400-051 Demo Free Download his 400-051 Study Guides dog, in fact, is love. 400-051 Real Exam Bill jumped up, happy panting, brown eyes not a 400-051 Demo direct transfer Stop, swaying and jerking motions and close to over. It liked Paul, but Paul frowned. Bill, I have trouble enough with you. He said. The dog but with powerful claws stood Cisco 400-051 Certificate up, trembling flutter happily on his 400-051 Exam Guide thigh, he 400-051 Practice directed 400-051 Study Guide Book Red tongue hanging out. He stepped back significantly. Do 400-051 Practice Exam not, 400-051 Practice Questions he said. Do I have trouble enough. Before long, the dog would turn tail and run swiftly, and went to find another music. He still sentimental staring across the mountains, still in the beautiful mountains of resentment, he wanted to go Edgar Cycling to play, but he could not summon the courage to leave Miriam. Why are you sad ah She asked humbly. I m not sad, I m sad Why He replied, I am normal. She wondered why he was CCIE Collaboration not happy heart, and 400-051 Real Demo his mouth always says he s normal. In the end is how one thing. 400-051 Prep Guide
Contemporary Military Culture and Strategic Studies: US and by Alastair Finlan PDF - Basics of the E-books
The final decade has witnessed stunning international occasions, from 9-11 and army operations in Afghanistan within the related 12 months, to the army intervention in Libya in 2011. Western army forces were focused on all of those campaigns and feature been engaged in non-stop army operations for over ten years. it's hence now apt to concentration a focus at the army cultures of those state-based defense force.
This booklet examines how modern American and British army tradition is shaped, focusing explicitly at the six significant army associations. the writer dedicates a bankruptcy to every of those associations with each sharing a unifying analytical framework. those chapters discover the formation and sustenance of US/UK army tradition below the rubric of universal issues that come with social origins, transformative occasions, leaders, ways to warfare, know-how and modern id. To finish, the e-book considers the impression of the struggle on Terror at the army cultures of the USA and united kingdom, in addition to most probably instructions for the longer term.
This booklet may be of a lot curiosity to scholars of army stories, strategic reviews, safeguard experiences and comparative politics.
Read Online or Download Contemporary Military Culture and Strategic Studies: US and UK Armed Forces in the 21st Century (Cass Military Studies) PDF
The specter of poison gasoline, and different similar organic battle brokers, holds our society hostage to the potential activities of terrorist teams or rogue states. This learn hopes to persuade policymakers and most people that the undesirable acceptance that surrounds using fuel is essentially the results of propaganda, incorrect information, and oft-repeated half-truths.
During international warfare II, the USA drafted 10. 1 million males to serve within the army. Of that quantity, 52,000 have been conscientious objectors, and 12,000 objected to noncombatant army carrier. these 12,000 males served the rustic in Civilian Public carrier, this system initiated by means of common Lewis Blaine Hershey, the director of Selective provider from 1941 to1970.
In Priest, baby-kisser, Collaborator, James Mace Ward bargains the 1st accomplished and scholarly English-language biography of the Catholic priest and Slovak nationalist Jozef Tiso (1887-1947). the 1st president of an self sufficient Slovakia, validated as a satellite tv for pc of Nazi Germany, Tiso was once eventually hanged for treason and (in impression) crimes opposed to humanity by way of a postwar reunified Czechoslovakia.
Spanish-Italian relatives and the impact of the key Powers examines complicated kinfolk among Spain and Italy, starting in 1943 and carrying on with until eventually 1957, contending that the connection can't be tested in isolation and needs to be understood in its broader context.
Understanding Victory: Naval Operations from Trafalgar to the Falklands: Naval Operations from Trafalgar to the Falklands (War, Technology, and History)
Additional resources for Contemporary Military Culture and Strategic Studies: US and UK Armed Forces in the 21st Century (Cass Military Studies)
Contemporary Military Culture and Strategic Studies: US and UK Armed Forces in the 21st Century (Cass Military Studies) by Alastair Finlan
Basics of the E-books > Military History > Contemporary Military Culture and Strategic Studies: US and by Alastair Finlan PDF
The arrest of former President Lee Myung-bak, while adding to the already shameful history of Korean presidency, should be a reminder of several things. The first is the need to revise the Constitution in order to curb the power of the president.
Now locked up in a detention center in Seoul, Lee is the fourth former president to face such a fate. Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo spent time in jail for corruption and mutiny charges in 1995, and Lee’s successor Park Geun-hye has been behind bars for about a year on corruption and influence-peddling charges.
In the case of Lee, there are some grounds to the argument that the state prosecution’s massive investigation was politically motivated. But the charges raised against him and people close to him showed that the Korean presidency is very much vulnerable to corruption and other misconduct.
The need to address the problems of what is called an “imperial presidency” has been raised since the impeachment of Park about one year ago. That led to calls to revise the Constitution, which was amended in 1987 in the wake of a pro-democracy movement and is outdated in many respects.
Most of all, the 1987 Constitution focused on ending successive military-backed dictatorships, and resulted in the revival of the popular vote for the presidential elections as well as the introduction of a five-year single-term presidency. The 1987 basic law, however, failed to institute enough measures to restrict the power of the president.
President Moon Jae-in, who was elected in the aftermath of Park’s ouster, pledged during the election campaign that he would end the imperial presidency by changing the Constitution.
Moon outlined his bill to amend the basic law last week, but it fell far short of meeting people’s expectations. Some of its clauses met criticism even from his political allies, including National Assembly Speaker Chung Sye-kyun.
Chung especially took issue with Moon’s bill for proposing the adoption of a presidential system in which the president is allowed to serve two consecutive four-year terms, without prescribing effective measures to limit the power of the president. As the speaker said in a published interview, it is not reform, but a change for the worse because it could allow a president with excessive power to serve up to eight years.
Indeed, the bill contains only superficial measures regarding the reduction of the power and authority of the president.
For instance, the bill dropped the stipulation that the president serves as the “head of state.” The fact is that it is only a nominal title that has little to do with the exercise of presidential duties and rights.
The bill also made some cosmetic changes to presidential appointments of powerful agencies. It calls for the president to give the right to appoint three of the seven commissioners of the Board of Audit and Inspection to the National Assembly and have the justices of the Constitutional Court elect its chief justice among themselves.
There were no changes, however, to reduce the president’s control of powerful agencies, including the state prosecution.
The bill also rejected the opposition’s demand that the prime minister, who is now picked by the president, be nominated by the National Assembly.
The bill is to be submitted to the National Assembly on Monday despite public criticism about Moon’s unilateral move to revise the Constitution. However, what is fortunate is that it has no chance of being passed by the parliament due to objection from opposition parties.
But with the presidential bill in the parliament, ruling and opposition parties cannot drag their feet any longer, and should start discussions about how and when to revise the basic law. Their utmost concern, of course, should be instituting ways to hold in check the power of the president.
The health ministry is pushing to enlarge the size of graphic warning images on cigarette packs, officials said Sunday, a move aimed at discouraging people from smoking.
The Ministry of Health and Welfare said it plans to announce the measure in September or October to send a stronger message to smokers by expanding the size of the warning images from the current 50 percent of the package's exterior to 70 percent.
Currently, the size of the warning photos must cover more than 30 percent of both sides of cigarette packages with warning text making up an additional 20 percent.
In 2016, South Korea began requiring tobacco companies to put pictorial warnings on the upper part of both sides of cigarette packs, with the graphic images being changed every 24 months as part of efforts to maintain awareness of the side effects of smoking.
Currently, 105 countries have adopted such pictorial warnings, with 43 of them mandating over 65 percent of tobacco packages to be covered with disturbing pictures that depict the serious consequences of smoking.
Data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development put the smoking rate of South Korean men aged 15 and older at 31 percent in 2015, the highest among 15 OECD countries surveyed. Japan came in second with 30 percent, followed by Italy with 25 percent. (Yonhap)
Let’s stop thinking about maplestory mesos and people who buy mesos. There is a world tour going on with Mr. Lee!
World tour is visiting all the countries that are visible in the world map. It is not just Singapore, Spain and Unites States.
Anyway, if you are a solid fan of maplestory and you are living in Spain, this would be an honor as Nexon noticed your country.
The world tour started last June 2, 2016 and will end on June 20, 2016. It is not too late to join this so called “world tour” featuring only 3 countries.
In Singapore, you can city run where tons of weeds dropping and you have to pick it up because you need weeds as a reason to live in this cruel world.
Here is one thing: Singapore is known for their cleanliness. There is no way that Singaporeans are going to plant a tree that will drop filthy leaves around. In fact, if they found out that this specific tree makes their country dirty, trust me, they are going to chop that tree’s ass.
The mechanics of this mini-game is simple. You just have to press space bar at the right time and catch the falling leaves for more points!
In bull fighting, players have to get as much as red bull, while the main problem is avoiding and running away from yellow and black bulls as they have tons of health points. Each bull you kill will drop beef which restores your health and allowed to stay in the bull fighting.
Way back in your father and mother’s years, Pinball in America was one of the biggest games. Take it as like the maplestory of your father and mother.
Memphis Record Pressing became a new sponsor this Summer making camp and internship possible for kids and families! Thanks @memphisvinyl
Jacob Tubing, Memphis, TN has made it possible to build in infrastructure that provides safety for our rescue animals and training for young people. Thanks!
So grateful to partner with Imperium Services, faithful and trusted, we are honored to have their support!
I just found your blog and I love it! Following you now, hope you visit and follow my blog as well!♥
Gorgeous & updated 2-story townhome in O’Fallon boasts 3 bedrooms, 2 ½ baths, over 1,700 sq ft all located near major highways, shopping, & restaurants. HOA takes care of the lawn/landscaping, snow removal & includes the community pool, basketball court, bark park, & playground. Enter the large open floor plan, with a bright and spacious family room, kitchen with breakfast bar, and dining room & half bath. Out the back door, there is a deck that backs to common ground, perfect for entertaining. There is also an attached 2 car garage. Upstairs you will find a large Master bedroom with double doors, a large walk-in closet, & a luxury master bathroom with double sinks, water closet, large shower, and soaker tub. There are two additional bedrooms with walk-in closets. You will also find another full bath, a loft/bonus area, and a 2nd floor laundry room. The basement is unfinished with rough in plumbing. The entire unit has been freshly painted and has new carpet throughout.
place3.16 miles from listing, web Website 16 students per teacher Educational climate index: average
place1.57 miles from listing, web Website 15 students per teacher Educational climate index: average
75 staff members 750 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: +1% to +5%
place1.21 miles from listing, web Website 16 students per teacher Educational climate index: above average
72 staff members 1150 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: +1% to +5%
place1.32 miles from listing, web Website 16 students per teacher Educational climate index: above average
50 staff members 850 total students Poverty level:6 - 15.9 percent percent Enrollment change: -1% to -5%
place1.20 miles from listing, web Website 15 students per teacher Educational climate index: above average
place3.90 miles from listing, web Website 12 students per teacher Educational climate index: average
place1.13 miles from listing, web Website 13 students per teacher Educational climate index: average
place2.01 miles from listing, web Website 13 students per teacher Educational climate index: above average
place0.88 miles from listing, web Website 24 students per teacher Educational climate index: above average
place3.04 miles from listing, web Website 12 students per teacher Educational climate index: above average
© 2018 An independently owned and operated franchise of BHH Affiliates, LLC. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices symbols are registered service marks of HomeServices of America, Inc.®Equal Housing Opportunity.
Copyright © beautyadvice.eu, 2010-2018. By using this site User (you) agrees to comply and be bound by our terms of use. All escorts on this site were 18 or older at the time of depiction. This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. The main languages of this site are Swedish,Danish, Norwegian and English. If you want to advertise here but don't understand either of these languages please do not use the services of the site.
All the escorts listed on beautyadvice.eu charge for their time and companionship only, anything else that may occur is a matter of coincidence and choice between consenting adults. By using this site you accept that we (The Site) do not support or advertise business based sexual activities in any forms therefore you (The Advertiser) hereby declare that you offer your time and companionship only in your advertisement(s). You also accept that we do not support any forms of sexual activited based business partnerships therefore every advertiser on this site must be an independent individual. Say NO to human trafficking.
The time is getting short and you are applying make up on your face. It is 5 pm and the wedding party will start at 6pm, it means you have only one hour. Your car is disorder from the last two days, so have a conveyance problem as well. There should be margin for going and coming back. So the time is narrow and you have to do a lot of work, like changing your dress and polishing your shoes, etc. A...
The beautification of your eyebrows is also important. The complete outfit of your face depends on eyes, lips and neck, for adding charm and beauty to your eyebrows here are some tips. 1. Cut long and unnecessary hair and make them straight by a tooth brush, with delicacy. 2. Downward brushing of brows will let you see the long hair, snip it, if necessary. 3. Unwanted hair should be snipped wit...
It is very important for women to look beautiful either they are professional women or housewives. From styling of hair as well as selecting shoes to wear, main point to be focused is to choose perfect shade of foundation. Women must be very careful while selecting the shade of foundation. Careful selection of foundation will make you look flawless, natural and appear as you are not wearing nay ki...
Smoky eye makeup makes one’s eyes sexier and sophisticated than any type of makeup. All models and style conscious women like to get smoky eyes. If you also want to adopt this fabulous style then you are reading very right content. Here you will get special tips to do smoky eye makeup to look like models and celebrities. Make Your Eyes Ready for Makeup This is the first step to do smoky eye make...
What is the most attraction on your face, surely the glittering eyes! Your eyebrows act as frames to your eyes. You may be appreciated with your amazing and mysterious eyes, but if your eyebrows are distracting, eye will not attract. They will loose their magnetic power!
The bushy and uneven eyebrows didn’t give any effect, so trim them and give them a shape. There are two options for you, one is waxing and the other is threading. The threading didn’t teases and makes you miserable, like waxing. Waxing is painful, but threading is harmless and trouble free. By threading you not only remove all the unwanted hair of eyebrows, but enjoy it more than waxing. The threading gives perfection with an ease.
The waxing depends upon the stencils, available in cosmetic shops and market. The problem is that, they have limited and standard shapes, (so the choice become limited). They don’t give result according to your desire and wishes, because they are same for every face, so why waxing? Try for threading, that makes your eyebrows foxy thin and natural clean. Remember threading groom, shape and gives perfection to your unique eyebrows. The rare face could be adjusted by threading.
The threading belongs to India, so it is perform there. The beautician (performer) takes a thread, make a loop and twirl it for so many times. The loop comes in the centre and the beautician holds the ending. He applies a little pressure on the unwanted hair and removes them carefully, by the loop. You will always prefer threading, because in this way hair can be removed from its exact place. That gives a desirable and satisfactory result.
For achieving best result of threading, the beautician should start his work from the middle of two eyebrows and gradually proceed towards the upper and lower portion. In this way he may control his performance. By threading you may give your eyebrows any shape, either it is thin or thick. If your eyebrows are dense and some what bushy at the upper level, you are no need to worry. Fill the lower area with eyebrow pencil and eliminate little hair from the upper section. If the condition is reverse and eyebrow arch is low, fill the upper portion with the dark eyebrow pencil and remove some of the hair from lower area. It will balance the shape of the eyebrows and make attractive your eyes.
It is better to do this practice from a beautician, rather to do it yourself. Practice makes the man perfect. It will be better to know all the in and outs of the process, then do it yourself. Frequent threading is not necessary, do it after 2 to 3 week. If you feel pain after threading, rub some ice over the itchy and scratchy areas. When threading is over apply toner, because the bacteria attacks on the open pores. If you are not taking relief from the pain, then use a moisturizer which will cool you and give comfort.
Remember, you prefer threading for two reasons; one is that you feel less pain and the other is that you acquire a perfect shape according to your dreams.
How does Online Money Loans work. YouвЂre looking for cash to pay bills, to buy a car or maybe do some work around the house. online-money-loans. com has the lenders you're looking for. It's easy. It doesn't matter the size of the loan you're looking forвЂ¦Online Money Loans may be able to match you with a lender that can help. Fill out the block above to get started.
Most loans process quickly and can be done online. Time is often saved by this option. Driving around to visit various loan offices delays your monetary compensation. A speedy delivery is promised by most payday loan offices. Credit Inquiries. A hard inquiry on your credit may appear as a result of your loan request form. This is no different than requesting a credit card.
FlashApply is different from some traditional payday loan providers because we aim to be more socially responsible than many payday loan institutions. We design products that help our customers use loans responsibly and have even helped our customers save money. Our goal is to offer you something better, which is a fast, secure, and transparent loan process. My experience with this site was just wonderful. It is one of the best services, which I have used, for finding available loans.
It is suitable even for people who lack a very good financial history and have a low credit score. The search process is very simple and credit confirmation is delivered fairly quickly.
We urgently needed a small amount of money to pay taxes. My relatives did not have money, so I searched the Internet to look for all possible financial companies offering convenient cash advance loan indianapolis advantageous terms.
Best 25 wedding cake display ideas on pinterest cupcake stands intended for the most awesome in addition to attractive wedding cake display ideas in HD resoutions for free. This wallpaper was added in Friday, 19 January 2018 which is part of the Wedding Cakes collection. It’s native resolution is 699x1024 pixels.
LemonJellyCake.Com - All About Cakes. The Images are collected from the net. We are not owner just re-use only. Feel free to contact us.
IT Recovery Specialists, LLC - the leader in buying and selling used Sun, Cisco, Apple, IBM, and more telecommunications equipment
IT Recovery Specialists maintains a full office, accounting and warehouse staff to provide the needed support to run the day-to-day business activities. Key principals include:
John Lynch: IT Recovery Specialists CEO: John has been working in both the Asset Recovery and Telecommunications businesses for over 20 years. John is one of the industry's foremost experts in trading high technology assets and has been quoted in The Wall Street Journal, Barron's, Fortune Magazine and various other leading industry publications.
Mike Lynch: IT Recovery Specialists Technology Research. With over 20 years of experience in the Information Technology Sector, Mike is the staff Technical Consultant. He has set up and maintains the IT Recovery Specialists Testing lab to verify the condition of received equipment. He is likewise responsible for IT Recovery Specialists' Information Systems and Internet practice. He previously worked with both Lucent Technologies and Motorola. He holds a BS in Computer Science from Florida Atlantic University.
The Department of Parks & Recreation provides certain park facilities that may be rented for private use. Facility rental applicants must read and agree to abide by the rules and regulations below. Applicants must initial in boxes to confirm that they have read, understand, and agree to follow all rules and regulations.
A permit is required for use of any indoor park facilities or organized use of outdoor park facilities (such as team practices, soccer league games, etc.). Permits are required for outdoor facilities for groups of 25+. Permits are required for outdoor athletic field use for groups of 13+.
Minimum Reservation - The minimum reservation time for the use of any park facility for private special events occurring on a weekend, such as birthdays, anniversaries, weddings, etc., is five (5) hours. Same day permits are available on an hourly basis for small scale events, such as membership meetings and trainings/workshops only if those events take place during the Department’s normal hours of operation; if the facility is available and if the Director of Parks and Recreation or designee approves said use.
Kitchen Use - Kitchen is not available for use by permittees for the purpose of cooking food. The permittee has access to the kitchen’s stove to re-warm food, hand sink(s), refrigerator, freezer, ice machine, food storage racks, microwave, and counter tops, where and when applicable.
Tables & Chairs - Permittee must supply own tables and chairs for private special events. All equipment provided by permittee must be removed at the conclusion of the event. Tables and chairs used for events which occur on the weekend (5 p.m. Friday – Sunday) may be picked up on the following day per the following schedule: Salt Lake Park, Freedom Park and Huntington Park Community Center facilities between 2:30 – 4:30 p.m.; Perez Park facilities between 9:30 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. If tables/chairs are left inside the facility past the provided timeframe, the permittee will be charged facility fees and personnel fees on an hourly basis until the tables/chairs are picked up.
Application Deadline - Facility rental applications and fees must be submitted and paid in full a minimum of 2 weeks prior to the event date.
Facility rental permits shall not be granted for events scheduled more than one calendar year from the time the application is submitted.
Make Payment To - Fees must be paid by check or money order made payable to “City of Huntington Park” or by Visa/MasterCard (No cash). Full payment is required at time facility rental permit application is submitted.
Business License - Business license for caterers based in Huntington Park: A valid business license must be on file with the city’s Finance Department at least one week prior to event date.
Business license for caterers based outside of Huntington Park: A copy of a valid business license must be submitted to the Parks and Recreation Department at least one week prior to event date.
Fee Waivers - Facility rental fee waivers must be approved by the Parks and Recreation Commission and/or City Council. If you would like to request a fee waiver, please submit a completed facility rental permit application, along with a letter requesting the fee waiver, at least 60 days prior to the event. The letter of request shall include the following: (A) names and addresses of board members, (B) the event’s purpose and benefits to the community, (C) the event’s proposed budget including all revenues and expenditures, (D) how the event’s proceeds are to be used. (Proceeds are to be used exclusively within the community for charitable or non-profit activities involving youth or adult programs). In addition, the person requesting the fee waiver must attend the commission and/or City Council meeting when the request is being considered. Ongoing facility permits for events where fees are waived will be limited to 3-month periods.
Weekend Rates - Facility rentals for events held from 5 p.m. Friday through Sunday will be charged the “Weekend Rate” from the current rental fee schedule.
Adding Time to Your Rental - Requests and payment in full for additional hours to be added to a private special event rental must be made to the department in writing no later than five (5) business days prior to the reservation date. No more than 3 hours maybe added per private special event rental if five (5) or less business days remain before the event is scheduled to take place.
General liability insurance of the type and amount (at least $1 million) required by the Director of Parks and Recreation shall be a condition of facility rental. Failure to provide adequate insurance may be a cause of the City to reject a rental application. Insurance will be required for any function or event which is used for: fundraising, charges admission, will sell alcohol, is open to the public, is an organized sports activity where membership is required to participate, will be physically catered/bartended onsite on day(s) of event, and/or may attract a crowd of observers. A certificate of liability insurance shall name the City of Huntington Park as an additional insured and be provided five (5) business days in advance of the event. Minor events such as family reunions, picnics, etc., do not require liability insurance unless open to the public or deemed necessary by the Director.
Security Deposit Refunds - Allow 4-6 weeks after event has taken place for refund of deposit. Deposits will be mailed to name/address listed on facility rental application. Deposits will be withheld by the City if the permittee is in violation of the rules and regulations. If the entire deposit is used to pay fees incurred as a result of the event, the city reserves the right to bill the permittee additional costs.
Annual Deposits - Deposits for annual or ongoing rentals will be refunded on an annual basis at the end of the calendar year. Deposits must be re-paid to the City for subsequent rentals (i.e. deposits do not carry over into the next calendar year).
Certain fees will be retained by the city for cancellations of facility rentals based on the following schedule:
It is the responsibility of the permit group to manage set-up and break down. City equipment may be used when available and reserved in the permit. Group must leave the room or park area exactly as they found it. If staff is required to clean-up, breakdown, repair or replace items or the area, fees will be subtracted from deposit.
If permittee leaves any equipment, personal belongings or furniture in city facilities, permittee will be charged storage fees on an hourly basis. The storage fee will be deducted from the deposit.
Set-ups for events scheduled to take place on Saturdays or Sundays may be done Friday after 5 p.m. only.
Smoking and use of tobacco-related products is prohibited at all city parks and facilities (Municipal Code Sec. 4-12.03).
Noise that disturbs the peace and quiet of any neighborhood is prohibited (Municipal Code Section 5-11.01). As such, live entertainment is prohibited at the Senior Park Pavilion after 10 p.m., and DJs are prohibited after 11 p.m.
Decorations must be non-flammable and must be labeled as state fire marshal approved fire retarding material or be certified by approved companies. The use of tape other than masking tape is prohibited. The use of tacks, nails, scotch tape, staples, or similar fasteners is not allowed. Candles are not allowed.
The entryway and hallway areas must be kept clear of guests and equipment. Children must remain inside the rented premises and must be supervised at all times.
Electronics - Fog machines are not allowed during indoor facility rentals. Facilities support electronic equipment up to 100 volt, 15 amp.
Alcoholic beverages are allowed at private events. Two security guards, at a minimum, are required for events where alcohol will be served and the celebrant is 21 years of age or younger, regardless of the number of guests. Events for minors include, but are not limited to, the following: Baptisms, Birthday parties for people under 21 years old, Quinceañeras, and First Communion/Confirmation celebrations.
Permittee shall supply all alcoholic beverages. Guests are not allowed to bring their own alcoholic drinks. Alcoholic beverages shall remain inside the building, and are prohibited outside on park facilities.
The City of Huntington Park reserves the right to request licensed security officers for security purposes per the discretion of the Director of Parks and Recreation (or designee). The guard to guest ratio is as follows:
Applicant must contact High Quality Security – (877) 889-8970 – www.highqualitysecurity.com, hqs@highqualitysecurity.com, or by text at (626) 869-6211 - and arrange security services directly with the company. A receipt or contract showing the number of guards and hours contracted must be submitted within 5 business days of event date(s). Please contact the security guard company for their current hourly rates.. Permittee is liable for payment of additional security services, if more than the stated number of guests on the application is in attendance on the day of the event(s).
If the applicant provides false information such as purpose of the event, names/addresses of event holder(s), number of attendees, etc., the event will be canceled prior or during the event at the discretion of city staff and will result in forfeiture of fees and deposits and/or denial of current and future applications for use of facilities.
The Huntington Park Community Center is located adjacent to Senior Citizen Park, in the northeast corner of Salt Lake Park.
If your business type falls within any of these categories, additional approvals maybe required. For additional information please contact Community Development at (323) 584-6210.
The straight distance between Rothesay (New Brunswick) and Riverview (New Brunswick) is 73.81 mi, but the driving distance is 86.72 mi.
I would say is the length nees altering per person and such. The life of the hair is bad a few months later it looks very tangled even after proper care looks bad nowdays.
I would like to say that the shipping is very fast! I received them weeks ago, and they are such good quality. I am really excited to start wearing them! The color is a little off from the picture but it will be an easy fix as ill just dye them when I dye
I love this product! it matches my black hair almost exactly, they are very easy to clip in and use.
I have very long, straight and fine hair and had never even thought about wearing extensions. Then, when I saw all these beauty gurus and bloggers were wearing them to thicken-up their already long hair, I knew I had to try it. I have light brown hair wit
I can't wait to see my husband's face when he sees me with it on. It flatters me immensely and I'm so excited about having it. I will wear it to the meeting with my husband's work colleagues tomorrow night! A few tips wash it with a item shampoo to get ri
I love my hair going on two months and it's still great.. I got my hair in 3 days and no smell at all
Section 335. Certain attachments, executions, etc., in winding up by Tribunal to be void | Companies Act Integrated Ready Reckoner|Companies Act 2013|CAIRR
(a) any attachment, distress or execution put in force, without leave of the Tribunal against the estate or effects of the company, after the commencement of the winding up; or
(b) any sale held, without leave of the Tribunal of any of the properties or effects of the company, after such commencement, shall be void.
The house is adjacent to our shared sweet water pool with ocean views, garden views and has 3 bedrooms and a studio apartment.
consolidation advance loans best payday loans online payday loans direct lenders personal loan rate cash payday loans online payday loans online no credit check payday loans online no credit check loan calculator personal installment loans no turndowns payday loans online payday loans online no credit check payday loans no credit check payday loans easy loans no credit check loans installment loans with no credit cash loans no credit check cash loans no credit check loan no credit advance loan advance payday loan payday advance payday advance loans online payday loans instant approval online short term loans direct loans loans no credit check payday loans payday loans instant approval online loans bad credit instant approval loans instant approval simple loan payment direct lenders immediate payment loans i need a loan now loans for people with bad credit instant cash loan speedy cash payday loans online bad credit personal loans bad credit loans
Anyone that knows us would think – Steve and Sheila CLUBBING!? Don’t worry we haven’t discovered that we like raving and all nighters! You will remember Joe Oakley – he reached the semi finals last year of Britain’s Got Talent with his amazing trials bike display.
BigAnt were asked by Joe’s management team if we could produce a video of his show that he regularly puts on at venues across the East Midlands and further afield. The venue was Manhattans Long Eaton.
We arrived ahead of schedule so that we could get one of the camera’s set up for a time lapse of the guys building the rig that Joe uses for the show. Joe’s road manager Jay soon had everyone busy setting up and checking then double checking all the connections for the four platforms that were being used for the display.
The show kicked off at 10 and the crowd were whipped up into a frenzy of anticipation by Jay, with everyone wondering how on earth Joe was going to get the bike up onto the top platform at a height of 10 foot!! After a warm up Joe was ready to start – and no-one was disappointed with his performance – jumps, 180 and 360 degree turns over “volunteers” from the audience,crushing cans with GPS accuracy and fortunately the same accuracy when it came to landing the front wheel between Jay’s legs!
RT @MarketingDerby: #Didyouknow that #Derby is the 3rd safest city in the #UK? https://t.co/ewkD2Wo2dR	7 days ago
Take up any home improvement or repair task with the help of this tool kit brought to by Prescott. Suitable for professionals as well as do-it-yourself at home, this toolkit from Bosch includes one Cordless screw driver machine, , screwdriver bit set, , nut driver adaptor, screwdriver adaptor magnetic, screws and one plastic carry case. With the help of this multi-function toolkit, you can easily make holes on metal, wood, concrete, plastic, and walls.
Maintenance jobs like putting up picture frames, shelves, lightings, hangers is also easier. Not just that, you can also assemble and dismantle your furniture with ease. These handy tools help to perform all types of restoration and repairing works at home.
The components of this tool kit are made from quality material and have a user-friendly mechanism. The ergonomic design of the drill machine ensures fatigue-free working, irrespective of the task.
This PT2000401+ Kit runs on a robust and powerful 250 W Battery Operated motor. It is ideal for working in compact spaces even when you are working overhead. The speciality of this kit is that it has forward and reverse motion .
You are looking now Latest Prescott 45 Pcs Cordless Screwdriver Tool Kit PT2000401 price in pakistan market 2015 including in all major cities of Pakistan, Prescott 45 Pcs Cordless Screwdriver Tool Kit PT2000401 Price in Karachi, Prescott 45 Pcs Cordless Screwdriver Tool Kit PT2000401 price in Lahore , Prescott 45 Pcs Cordless Screwdriver Tool Kit PT2000401 in Islamabad, Sialkot, Faisalabad, Peshawar, Quetta, Multan, Rawalpindi and many more cities.
Because of the scale and size associated with developing the Hijacked projects, there will be a small submission fee charged for administration costs when we accept submissions for Hijacked 3 - Australia / UK . As we are receiving such a high volume of applications and artworks, it is becoming a time, money and energy consuming exercise.
Information and details about how to apply and to pay for submissions will be published on the Big City Press website soon.
Here we go again, Hijacked 3 – Australia & UK! The story begins. Research and development begins early, back to back with the release of Hijacked 2 – Australia / German, but the summer season in Europe has been exhausting, out of control and relentless. For the next 12 months, Big City Press will be announcing, presenting and shortlisting 52 Australian and UK photographers for the purpose of Big City Press's 3rd Volume publication - Hijacked 3 - New Australian and the United Kingdom.
From this short list we will be editing down the selection to what will be the final version of the book Hijacked 3 - New Australian and the United Kingdom. A new photographic cultural exchange and a new photographic direction. Our project is supported by Foto8, Quad - Format Festival Derby, Rhubarb-Rhubarb, Contact Editions, British Journal for Photography, Flakphoto, HotShoe International and The Australian Centre for Photography. A special mention to Rhubarb – Rhubarb in Birmingham who have supported Big City Press for the last two years in introducing Big City Press to The Photographic Community in the UK. So without any further procrastination, or general chit-chat may I present the first shortlisted photographer, Hijacked in 2010.
Big City Press is an independent publishing house, specialising in photo books, based in Mosman Park, Western Australia. Mark McPherson is the founder of Big City Press, the independent publisher of the Hijacked photographic book series. Hijacked: Volume 1 was presented in the Book Awards at the celebrated Rencontres d’Arles festival in France (2009) and received the Photo Book-Award from the Kasseler Fotoforum, Germany in the same year. McPherson exhibited at the Pingyao 2009 International Photography Festival China and is a nominator for the Deutsche Borse Photography Prize 2010. He was also nominated for the Foam Fotografiemuseum Amsterdam – Paul Huf Award 2010 and will present a workshop, photographic reviews and Hijacked: Volume 2 – Australia/Germany at Rhubarb-Rhubarb International Festival, Host Gallery London, Fotografie Forum Frankfurt, KLOMPCHING GALLERY New York, Australian Centre for Photography and the Monash Gallery of Art, Melbourne in 2010. In 2012, he will release the third volume of Hijacked – Australia & UK, in conjunction with Louise Clements, Senior Curator from Quad, Format International Photography Festival, Derby, United Kingdom.
Posted on October 30, 2013 June 10, 2015 Author andraeCategories Cinematography, Lighting, Music Videos, Photography, Production, RED EPICTags Ñengo Flow, cinematography, facetmedia, featured, flo rida, inner circle, music video, RED EPIC, reggae, studio
About Us As one of Australia's most trusted names in air conditioning, Daikin can be found in homes, businesses, and community projects across Australia.
Daikin Split Systems are ideal for air conditioning one room or a specific area of a home. A wide variety of models are offered to suit your requirements and are available in either wall mounted or floor standing type
Australia's first 7-star ‘Super Efficiency’ rated* split system delivers ultimate comfort with its humidifying, dehumidifying and air purification features.
Engineered in Europe with the latest technology, its stylish and elegant design seamlessly integrates into the modern home.
Delivered in understated confidence, featuring whisper quiet operation, improved energy efficiency and reliability without compromising on style.
Comes with many powerful features and one of the largest capacity ranges available, offering reliable and flexible solutions to suit any room.
Quiet, discrete and features state-of-the-art heating technology from its unique front radiant heat panel. Nexura will change the way you think about heating.
Daikin’s floor standing air conditioning units are compact and ideal for anyone wanting the convenience and access of positioning their unit closer to the floor.
If you’re after multi room air conditioning, Daikin’s Super Multi NX is the clever choice. It takes only one outdoor unit to maintain comfort in up to five rooms.
A Daikin Specialist Dealer will assess, plan and install the right air conditioning solution for you, with creativity and sensitivity to the needs of your family or business.
Join us for the last Third Thursday Summer Concert Series of the summer! This concert will take place on Bank Street; where the street will be closed and filled with our downtown Block Party! Music, games, food, sidewalk sales, and fun!
Those Guys Entertainment will be rockin' the street with a wide variety of cover songs. Also joining us will be The Cue in Danbury with their smoker for some delicious eats! Sidewalk Sales start at 4:00PM, and Music begins at 6:00PM.
Nanotechnology has changed the dynamics in various spheres of life. It has revolutionised many industries and is set to take a giant leap. To understand its use in various fields’, research is being conducted globally by all nations at various scales. At Oxford Instruments, we realised the need for synergy between Industry and Academia; to …
A Level Results Day 2018 has been and gone, some students were elated with their results, others disappointed, and some[…]
New Pitt (New Pittsburgh) – One of many self-sustaining New Cities developed in the 2030s in the wake of the 2029 Aquifer Attacks. New Pitt is home to the largest technology industries in the U.S., including mobile device and virtual reality giant V.CELL. New Pitt, in a 2035 trade agreement, transports fresh water from its mega water mills to drought-stricken areas of the country.For more, check out the Complete “Dr. One” Dictionary
Of course, of the three, only one is certain. You can decide what to do about the rest. Pay taxes or not. Choose to place on the Net the tidbits of your relationships, including everything you love and are interested in, to outspoken, free speech platitudes about what you dislike and the entities you believe are responsible for your bad feelings. You are responsible for entering (or allowing online data to be connected to) personal characteristics, likes and dislikes, friends, and followers — and you have the choice to enter financial data, purchase methods, ancestry data, health concerns, and so many keywords that software programs love.
But, like paying taxes or not, all choices lead to consequences. Go ahead and accept the biometric access technology on many of the new mobile devices. Stick your thumb on the Home button…it’s so much easier than remembering complex, hard to hack, passwords. Allow that unique part of you to be consumed by the Net. Better yet, send your DNA into the cloud. Absolutely nothing can go wrong with that (Ever considered a future such as in Gattaca?). Your DNA is protected in ways that no hackers can access. (Ever heard of Ashley Madison?).
What data do you choose to add to your digital Story? Think about software programs that are so intelligent that everything that can be digitally accessed can be analyzed to the nth-degree. Right now, your Story is used (mostly) to sell you stuff and you have few “easy” choices to manage this “intrusion” beyond not entering the Net in the first place.
Choosing to stay away from the “the vibrations of interconnectivity” distances a person from the new world where success equals immediate access to not only the history of Benjamin Franklin, but more importantly, to you.
“The Vibrations of Interconnectivity” ==> Phrase coined by Dr. One to describe the electromagnetic radiation emitted from all of the technology on earth.
You don’t have to log in, ever! But, really, do you have a choice? What are the consequences? Your decisions will define this third certainty.
“How do we really understand our own existence?” [Dr. One] had often contemplated aloud. “Human experience is no longer explored through the laborious interactions with nature but is, instead, dictated via all the devices that have come to enslave a lazy, fear-filled population.”
Melissa + Riad Eloped from Indianapolis to Prague to have a catholic ceremony in one of the most beautiful churches in the city.
We cannot get enough of these wonderful pre-wedding photos of Mia & Hong. What a beautiful looking couple! Mia is a stylish Chinese young woman and Hong has grown up in Czech Republic, born in Vietnamese family. They both live in London now where we have met several times. We are looking forward organizing one of their wedding multicultural celebrations in Prague in September!
Hywel & Caroline's love story is beautiful and to watch them getting married in Prague surrounded by their close family and friends was just heartwarming.
Olivia & Daniel were looking for a unique ceremony space with a character. After a long search we have found the perfect location - Velkoprevorsky Palace. A palace with an amazing ceremony room and even more amazing garden for an after ceremony cocktail.
Janine & Chris decided to skip the stress of a big wedding and eloped from the Oregon USA to Prague. We're so happy they did and that their day was what they wished for.
We are head over heals over Ivana & Michal’s winter wedding. We have enjoyed creating concept for their wedding so much and although snow have melted before it could complete the winter fairytale look, the result was magical.
Red is a colour of love, passion & energy. Kristina & Mike's wedding in Prague at the Chateau above the Prague skyline was bursting with all of it.
Are you thinking of having your dream wedding in Prague, Czech Republic? Why not to spice up your wedding day with some of our Czech traditions?
Warning: include(wp-includes/class-wp-term-connect.php) [function.include]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/content/97/7595897/html/wp-config.php on line 92
Howdy! Are you searching for certain Athletic & Outdoor product? You will be inside appropriate position. Now you are viewing Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler posting. All of merchandise this submitted with this blog are just great one, including this particular Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler. Which means that, I suggest you to be able to investigate the important points of that Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler item. The Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler is most beneficial 1 product coming from Kamik company.
Whenever you observe Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler Detailed description, subsequently you choose to get Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler merchandise, you can actually mouse click BUY LINK that will to be found below. And additionally if you’d like to read additional information associated with Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler Review, Functions and additionally Charge, you can actually click THIS LINK. And also you can actually study a lot of publish that will connect with Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler here this particular post to verify your very best choice.
By considering the quality of Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler merchandise, efficient sure such a Athletic & Outdoor can be deserving to remain invested in. In addition to this Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler, you can also find many other items within Athletic & Outdoor grouping together with Kamik company by means of choosing Research Container on right of that internet site. In addition to if you want to acquire this particular Kamik Snowbug 2 Cold Weather Boot (Toddler),Navy,5 M US Toddler, then you definately should just click the Acquire Link below. Never waste products the effort, just click BUY BUTTON underneath today.
Greetings! Do you need certain Oxfords & Loafers item? That you’re inside correct site. At this point you will be experiencing Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler posting. All of merchandise that released in this internet site are just wonderful one, including that Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler. Consequently, You have to to help examine the main points of that Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler product. This Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler is best 1 merchandise with Kenneth Cole REACTION brand name.
Whenever you read Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler Information, in that case you choosed shop for Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler , you can click BUY BUTTON which positioned below. And additionally if you would like read additional information of Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler Overview, Features together with Expense, you can actually click THIS LINK. Or it is possible to examine some publish that bond with Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler underneath this publish to assure your very best selection.
At this point usually are a lot of the snap shots involving Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler:
By considering the quality of Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler product, were sure that this Oxfords & Loafers can be worthy to become bought. In addition to this particular Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler, there are also some other merchandise with Oxfords & Loafers grouping and Kenneth Cole REACTION brand along with applying Look Container on right about this internet site. In addition to if you want to buy this particular Kenneth Cole Reaction Aim Game Monkstrap (Toddler/Little Kid),Tan,10 M US Toddler, then you must click on the Get Link following. Never squander your time, just click BUY BUTTON following immediately.
This is a serrated, fossil Megalodon tooth collected in Georgia. This tooth would have come from a juvenile Megalodon Shark in the 20-25 foot size range.
was not only the biggest and baddest prehistoric shark that ever lived; it was the largest marine predator in the history of the planet. Today’s great white sharks would be a mere bite size snack for this monster. It terrorized the diverse ocean waters around the world from 15.9 to 2.6 million years ago (late Oligocene to early Pleistocene). This massive, extinct species of shark was estimated to grow to nearly 60 feet in length and has often been declared the greatest vertebrate predator which ever lived.
These mega-tooth sharks were a giant and more robust version of the great white. They had 276 teeth in 5 rows and like todays sharks shed their teeth throughout their lifetime. The largest Megalodon teeth on record reached a stagger 7.5 inches (190mm). Compare this to the largest great whites who’s teeth top out around 3 inches long. Wow.
Their teeth were bone crunching and flesh cutting tools, which evolved for grasping powerful prey such as Baleen whales. Fossil evidence supports that Megalodon focused its attack on the hard boney parts of its prey, such as rib cages, flippers, shoulders, and spines- effectively disabling large whales and harming major organs such as the heart and lungs. This strategy explains the thick, robust teeth of the Megalodon.
Megalodon has a cosmopolitan (global) distribution and its giant teeth can be found in deposits throughout the world. Some are collected on land in phosphate deposits while many are collected from rivers and coastlines after eroding out of the rocks. This contributes to the water worn, polished appearance to many teeth.
The standard measure for meg teeth is slant height, or the longest edge of the tooth. Adult Megalodon teeth were typically in the 4-5 inch range, with teeth over 6 inches being rare and representing super-sized individuals. There have only been a handful of teeth ever found over seven inches.
No one knows for sure why the Megalodon went extinct 2.6 Million years ago, but the cooling of the climate and gradual disappearance of many of the large whales it relied on for food are suspects.
I’m joining up with a few other bloggers to celebrate the 12 Days of Christmas. Yesterday we kicked off with a fun Partridge in a Pear Tree ornament and snack from Silly Sparkles. Today I’m sharing a cute Two Turtle Doves craft and ornament. Tomorrow you can head to Learning and Exploring Through Play for a fun project with 3 French Hens.
Inspired by these sweet birds that popped up in my Pinterest feed, we set out to make two turtle doves out of simple shapes. After studying a google search of turtle doves, we decided to go with white and brown for our colors and to create a fanned tail. Since turtle dove bodies appear to be rather long, we added a circle head to the original bird. We used cookie cutters to make our circles and triangle that we cut out of the paper. We dabbed the cutters on an ink pad then pressed the cutters to the paper to leave the shape that we used as a guide for cutting.
To assemble the body: Fold each of the large white circles in half. Do the same with the medium brown circles. Using a glue stick, attach the brown circle to the large white circle placing the fold in the brown on the fold in the white. Fold the brown triangle in half and glue to the underside of the white circle, again placing the folds inside each other.
To assemble the head: Fold the bird in half along the fold. Apply glue to one small white circle and place at the tip of the bird opposite the tail. Place the orange triangle for the beak on the glue side of the small white circle. Apply glue to one side of the other small white circle and place on the small white circle attached to the body. The beak and the tip of the body should be sandwiched between the two small white circles. Glue hole-punched brown circles, one on each side of the head, for eyes.
Repeat again for the second turtle dove. My older girls were able to stamp the cookie cutters on to the paper and cut out their shapes without my help, just my supervision. For my younger ones, I would prep this activity by cutting all the pieces ahead of time and then beginning this activity from the assembly directions.
These two turtle doves are just darling! Since the bottom edge of the body isn’t glued together, they can rest on a flat surface. We found that our turtle doves rocked with the beak dipping down to the table. We imagined the two turtle doves were pecking for seeds. By giving the tail a slight push, we enjoyed watching our turtle doves rock back and forth for quite some time.
Since turtle doves represent love and devotion, we created a heart shaped pocket for them. Again, we used a cookie cutter to make the shape and cut out the heart from thick scrapbook paper. Then I hole punched up the sides and sewed the yarn through tying it in a bow at the bottom. Now the two turtle doves have a lovely home on our Christmas tree.
This post is part of a festive blog hop series for the ’12 Days of Christmas’ – a lovely collection of craft ideas hosted by Silly Sparkles!
Your doves are very cute! This activity would be perfect for my three kids to have a go at to make an ornament for our tree.
These are so cute, I bet they look perfect on your tree. I know that my 3 year old would love to make some.
I've recently discovered that I am totally in love with vintage sewing machines. Unfortunately, sewing machines are kind of a large item to collect! So, I've begun a collection of vintage toy machines. Mr. Kay collects tin toys, so these little machines fit in quite nicely with that collection, too. I have my machine from when I was a girl, and I've been keeping my eye out for others to add to my home.
A few weeks ago, Mr. Kay and I were browsing in a local antique store, and I ran across this little cutie. I ended up paying about $10 for her. She's missing her hand crank, and I haven't tried putting batteries in, but it doesn't matter if she works or not! I love her!
You make me want to --no, need to!-- get my very small toy sewing machine collection out of storage. Not 'very small machines' but 'very small collection of machines' - I think there are four. I've actually used one similar to yours here to mend several articles of clothing and make a few cat toys. Fun! : )
Along with my husband Roger, I scope out the area auctions, garage sales and thrift stores for great vintage deals that we can pass along to you!
Kenni Lowry is the sheriff in Cottonwood, KY. Her grandfather, in ghost form, looks out for her. And, with help from her ghost grandfather and hunky deputy Finn, Kenni sets out to catch a killer.
In this story, Owen Godbey was found murdered in Myrna's greenhouse. It was a very strange murder... it appears as though he was killed elsewhere and dumped there.
This book was great. There are so many twists and turns. Especially at the end! There is a major twist at the end that I totally did not see coming! I usually try to guess the killer before the protagonist does, but this book had me guessing until the end.
The book I am going to be reviewing today is not an ordinary book. Tranquility: A Prayer and Reflection Coloring Journal is just what it says: a prayer and reflection journal, and a coloring book. And it's absolutely beautiful!
Now, anyone that knows me knows that I tend to be more apt to use pretty things. So I made my planner pretty, my binders are pretty, even my desk organizers are pretty. And if I find something I want to use (such as a really good bible study), and it isn't pretty, I'll pretty it up. I'll use sparkly gel pens, or I'll put stickers all over it. I am drawn to pretty things. They don't have to be super fancy or super expensive, they just have to be pretty.
So how happy was I when I opened the package containing this book to find out how very pretty it is?!?!? The line on the left of the cover that separates the design is actually raised. It's another piece on top. Here's another picture:
Anyways, as soon as I opened the package I flipped through the book to see all the different elements. Here are some:
Some pages contain a prayer, a scripture, some lines for writing your thoughts, and something to color.
Other pages contain a quote from the bible, something to color, and a thought or question for you to draw or write about.
I color with gel pens and/or colored pencils. The color goes on nice and smooth, and it looks really good on the page. The pages are nice and thick, so I haven't had any problem with bleed through. And I got this book yesterday.
I call this one a home run. I just know I will enjoy my morning quiet time so much more with this lovely journal! I hope they make more. :)
"the matter from which a thing is or can be made; being of a physical or worldly nature; corporeal, secular"
Battle scars from fighting the voice, which names, blames and shames, like shards of glass piercing through my mind. This voice, in combat with the Voice, the Voice which fashioned my being into existence. My voice for His Voice, cheap sounds for the dulcet tones of a King.
Because one look in the mirror and I see that I’m not like her. One look and I see an image far from the standard my mind hopes to perceive, far from my own standard of holiness that I’ve conceived. One look and all I see is countless failures and skin too marred to be pure.
And I circle around this mirror, day after day, with my perfectly marked measuring line to measure just how far I am from where I would have myself be. But time does not befriend me, only increasing the distance between my current state and my goal. And as time passes, the deeper I am pierced.
But the truth I evade to recognise is that who I am, my personality, is a gift. A gift to be cherished, to be explored, to be celebrated, to be rejoiced in and purified in the flame of His Spirit.
We all possess this gift. And a gift from the Giver demands that we stop condemning or belittling it, and allow Him to renew it within us so that we may use it for His Kingdom.
We may not be the quietest or the most gentle. We may like to laugh and shout loud. We may possess a feisty spirit or are radical in the way we live. But each character trait is a gift. We often equate spirituality with someone who is quiet and restrained, and so if our personality is contrary to this, we condemn who we are, determining our insufficiency.
“For as we have many members in one body, but all the members do not have the same function, so we, being many, are one body in Christ, and individually members of one another. Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, let us use them..”
Mark this truth; He never created any one of us the same. And upon each of us He lavishes different gifts, different personalities. So we must accept the gift offered to us, that we may grow to learn how we can utilize it for His glory and how we can use it to minister grace to others, for these gifts He will use to save many people in this world. Because the whole world is not quiet and restrained, many in the world are loud and fiesty and radical. Our personality qualifies us to be weak to those who are weak.
To believe we are made in His image, is to believe that we are displaying who He is, even when I’m loud, even when I’m laughing so much I cannot breath. Let the quiet display His quietness; let me display His enthusiasm and radical love!
Plagued with this pride that labors for people to recognize us as spiritual, as holy people for the Lord, may we skin our knees pleading for His grace to destroy this wall of pride. Let us allow ourselves just to be. Just to be who He made us to be. Just to be the gifts He bestowed upon us. That we may purify our motives and intentions that they may become unadulterated and point solely towards Him.
I observed a man. How he held nothing back from his personality, how he was loud and audacious and spoke with words attracting great laughter. How he never tried to be quiet or reserved or anything that he wasn’t, instead he was completely himself. And in the wholeness of himself, he was Christ. In that acceptance of himself, I saw Christ.
Thus, one look in the mirror reflects only the mere flesh of myself, but one look into Christ to see my own reflection, is to see me whole, to see my real self, myself through His eyes. Where my imperfections are eclipsed by glory in the light of His eyes. Where He rejoices over me with singing and delights in my beauty. For in His eyes I am accepted. In His eyes I am known, in His eyes I am deeply respected, for all that I am.
“Being free, each human being realises the divine human image within himself in his own distinctive fashion.”
They call me Makrina (Greek for “makarios”) meaning to be blessed/happy, and I definitely think I am both! I grew up amongst rolling hills and sheep, in a small town in Scotland, but I'm currently living in London. If I'm not around, you'll probably find me dancing on the red soil of Zambia, with a people who stole my heart, or on the other side of the Atlantic. I love to travel and meet new people (yes, I'm that girl who talks to you while you’re trying to sleep on a plane) I think humans are an incredibly beautiful work of art, like a piece of poetry waiting to be heard, learned from, cherished and loved. And like all art, there is a depth beneath the surface that I desire to see and know in every soul I meet.
I am obsessed with words, the power of the spoken word, the written word and even the unspoken word. Writing helps me explore the chaos of my own thoughts; it forces me to be vulnerable, making me face the truth without running. So I write to give a voice to all that is within me, and I share my words with hope that others may find their own voice too.
Sometimes it is the fear of what we may discover that cripples us from seeking to know the depth of our own heart, from finding our own voice. Because what if we discover darkness? Who will love that dark? And it is because of this fear that we hide our stories, not allowing ourselves to be known by others. But I met a love that boldly runs his gentle hands along the broken dark of my story, and calls me lovely still. It is this love that compels me to live fully: to relentlessly pursue the story of others so that in a world of fear and rejection, hearts may be known.
wood picket fence gate designs wooden ideas styles and backyard fencing more design san diego,wooden picket fence designs amazing jay fencing uk fences pictures wood,vinyl aster garden decor fence wooden picket designs ideas uk wood gate,picket fence designs wood uk australia product white vinyl fencing temporary,picket fence designs landscape traditional with back yard nz wooden australia,picket fence designs around the house fences pictures wood design woodworking plans,wood picket fence gate designs design drawings download pictures garden australia,picket fence designs uk design san diego white dream wooden ideas,white picket fence ideas and designs fences pictures wood design drawings,picket fence designs nz design woodworking plans around the house pictures.
Hotel - Budget Hotel Deepak is Located in the center, near Railway & bus station and within a walking distance of restaurant, historical building & shopping possibilities. It’s easily accessible by public transport and by car.
Hostel - This is new brand hostel, located right on the backpacker area, Pham Ngu Lao street, closed to Ben Thanh Market. The hotel features with extremely clean and cozy rooms, air condition, hot shower and free Wifi. You will feel social environment, make friend
Hostel - daisy hostel is in ha noi old quarter,it is in center of ha noi,dormitory with bancony and female dormitory room
Hostel - Ga hostel is located in the old quarter - the center of Ha Noi city, about 5 minutes walking from Hoan Kiem Lake It’s easy to walk to many tourist attractions from Ga hostel. 现在预订
Hostel - s located in the heart of Hanoi Old Quarter Areas. From our hotel , It just take you 1 minute walking to Hoan Kiem lake,
Home improvement and decoration have been a great art since years. Home improvement brings with it the …
The aesthetic appearance is more important things to consider for any kind of building. When you spend …
ボイストレーニング専門の声と歌の教室です。腹式呼吸や発声の仕方、話し声から声楽まで、正しい声の出し方や歌い方の基本が完全個人レッスンでしっかり習えます。ご本人の目的に合わせた無理のない自然な練習が...
After great export news, showing strong sales, both the soybeans and the meal contracts are failing:
This material has been prepared by a sales or trading employee or agent of Capitol Commodity Hedging Services, Inc. and is, or is in the nature of, a solicitation. This material is not a research report prepared by Capitol Commodity Hedging Services, Inc. Research Department. By accepting this communication, you agree that you are an experienced user of the futures markets, capable of making independent trading decisions, and agree that you are not, and will not, rely solely on this communication in making trading decisions.
The risk of loss in trading futures and/or options is substantial and each investor and/or trader must consider whether this is a suitable investment. Past performance, whether actual or indicated by simulated historical tests of strategies, is not indicative of future results. Trading advice is based on information taken from trades and statistical services and other sources that Capitol Commodity Hedging Services, Inc. believes are reliable. We do not guarantee that such information is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such. Trading advice reflects our good faith judgment at a specific time and is subject to change without notice. There is no guarantee that the advice we give will result in profitable trades.
Welcome to The Children's Center of Transylvania County, where you can ask questions and receive answers from other members of the community.
Many have had great success with real estate investing with Marco Kozlowski. They are successful because they have taken their time to research and understand the market. This article has some of their secrets to success so that you can follow in their footsteps.Read the tips ahead and make good use of them as you will have a great starting point.
Dedicate some of time to learning what you need to know as well as running your business. You might have to give up some leisure activities that could cost you later. Ditch the poker night or softball league that you have more time to hone your investing skills.
Get to know others in the real estate. It's a good idea to talk to other people and to hear what kinds of advice from those more experienced than yourself. It can be helpful to have a couple of friends that know a lot about investing in real estate. You can easily find like-minded people by looking online.Join a few forums and make an effort to meet some of the users.
Get to know others in real estate market. If they are more experienced than yourself, it's important to reach out to others and get advice they can give you. It can be helpful to have contacts who know a lot about real estate seminars with Marco Kozlowski. You can find plenty of investors online. Join a few forums and make an effort to meet some of the users.
Don't purchase property in a less than desirable neighborhood. Be certain to understand the location where you intend to buy. Before you make a decision.A great deal on a nice house might mean that it's in a bad place, do all of your homework. It might be difficult to sell and it may be easily vandalized.
Now that you know the basics of investing in real estate, it is time to put it to use. It probably will not work for you if your approach is random, so be sure to use the great tips you found here. Before you realize it, the illuminated path you are on will be paved with gold.
Real estate is a sound investment opportunity. You have a lot of control over who you want to rent to.Keep reading to learn great real estate decisions and good profits.
Never invest in a property that you have not been inspected by an independent property inspector. Sellers who pony up their own inspector may use professionals that are biased towards them. Always get a neutral report or a lookover from someone whom you personally trust.
Always try to find out what the local values.Finding out the neighbors are and whether they rent or own can tell you more about a home's value than the financial statements.
Dedicate a set quantity of time to learning what you need to know as well as running your business. You might have to reduce activities to accomplish this. Ditch poker night or another guilty pleasure so you go to in order to become a better investor.
There are two main guidelines to consider when purchasing property. You don't want to make sure that you get a fair deal on the land. Do not pay too much money on the business itself. You need to see good findings for these numbers in order for you to make the decision to buy.
Get to know other people who invest in real estate market. It's important to reach out to others and get advice from those more experienced than you. It can be useful to have a few real estate. You can easily find a community of investors online. Join a few forums and make an effort to meet some of the users.
Do not make the assumption that your property values will go up in value. This is a bad assumption to make when dealing with real estate market and for any one piece of property. Your safest bet is to invest in properties that provide a nearly immediate positive cash flow. Property value appreciation will then add to your income.
real estate investing with Marco Kozlowski can help you feel powerful when handling your money. You can be very flexible and creative too. What you have learned here can be used as fuel to drive you towards your real estate investment dreams.
house flipping with Marco Kozlowski isn't easy to enter into without proper information to start with. This piece is intended to provide knowledge that can prevent you learn a lot of real estate workshops with Marco Kozlowski to avoid losing a ton of money in it. Read through it and learn all that you need to succeed.
Be certain you spend a long while dealing with the business and also learning about how it works. In order to make good profits consistently, you must budget your time spent on other activities. In order to become a better investor, ditch the poker night or another guilty pleasure so you go to.
Always try to find out what the local values.Finding out who the neighbors are and mortgage values in a particular area can tell you more about a home's value than the neighborhood.
This will get you get moving in the right direction. You don't want to be stuck paying out of pocket for the mortgage on your property because the rent isn't sufficient.
Location is an important part of real estate investments. Property condition and other issues can be fixed.Properties that are in terrible areas will rarely be a wise investment. Know what you are doing and make sure to research the area where you're buying property.
Land that is situated near water or parks will earn you more money in the heart of a downtown area is likely to produce real value over time.
This will help to insure that you are buying a good position. There is little worse than needing to cover the mortgage yourself because the renter's payment cannot cover it.
Take the entire neighborhood before investing. Neighborhoods that are desirable will have a lot of value at all times, while a depressed neighborhood could bring you very low returns. Location will always going to be essential when assessing a property's value.
Consider the possibility of renting the house out when you're projecting how much any given property is worth. This can bring in a lot of money while you're renting the house out to the people you get to stay there. Then you can resell the house for a larger gross profit.
Allow yourself to become excited about investing in real estate vs feeling intimidated. The world of investment opportunities in real estate is limitless. Keep yourself well-informed and you're sure to have a great experience. Keep these pointers handy in order to get the outcomes you desire!
real estate workshops with Marco Kozlowski isn't easy to enter into without proper knowledge. This article was put together to give you the advice you should know so that you make money off financial losses. Read on and you are going to do great.
And keep notes on it, do your research before real estate seminars with Marco Kozlowski.Look at multiple properties in the area you choose. You need to be looking at how much you'll make in rent, rental potential, and how much the current prices are. This will help you weed out which deals are the bad from the good.
There are two things to take into consideration when entering the industrial or commercial property. The number one rule is never pay a premium for dirt. Do not spend too much money on the busine
I desired to thank you so much all over again. I do not know the things I would have achieved without the entire smart ideas revealed by you directly on this situation. Completely was a real distressing problem for me personally, nevertheless observing the skilled mode you solved that forced me to jump over fulfillment. I'm happy for the information and then hope you find out what an amazing job your are carrying out educating many others through a web site. More than likely you have never encountered all of us.
Thank you a lot for providing individuals with remarkably breathtaking chance to read from here. It's always very useful and jam-packed with a great time for me and my office peers to search your blog on the least three times in 7 days to see the newest secrets you will have. And indeed, I'm also actually happy for the effective strategies you serve. Certain 3 points on this page are particularly the most effective I've had.
The Ethereum network has been growing steadily and hashrate and difficulty on the network have blossomed over the last few months as mining has expanded and more entrepreneurs get in on the action. Both metrics have just about doubled since the beginning of 2018 (which makes sense, as they are designed to closely track each other) though some attribute the speedy increase to the secret introduction of ASIC miners by Bitmain before officially releasing the technology for sale. Continue reading Ethereum Mining in the Era of ASICs →
Crypto mining distributor MyRig recently revealed that electronics giant Samsung supplies the ASIC chips for Bitcoin (BTC) miners made by Halong Mining, according to a tweet from MyRig April 10. Continue reading Samsung Produces ASIC Chips For New Halong Bitcoin Miner →
Mining hardware manufacturers have begun selling Cryptonight ASIC miners for next to nothing after privacy-centric cryptocurrency Monero carried out its threat to adopt a hard fork to maintain ASIC resistance. Last week, Monero activated its semi-annual hard fork, an update that included an alteration to its instance of the Cryptonight Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus algorithm. Continue reading Manufacturer Holds Cryptonight ASIC Firesale after Monero Hard Forks →
Monero hard forked to version 12 of its protocol yesterday. But not everyone is on board. Following the example once set by Ethereum Classic, some users are continuing on the pre-hard fork Monero blockchain… though in this case not as a single project. Now there is Monero Classic, Monero 0 (XMZ), Monero Original (XMO) and a second project by the name Monero Classic (XMC) (which in this article we will refer to as Monero-Classic); these are all continuing on version 11 of the Monero protocol. Of course, this means they are all still compatible on a single network, using the same asset (coin) — just with different names.
The latest hard fork also introduced a tweak to Monero’s CryptoNight proof-of-work hashing algorithm. This backwards-incompatible change makes all existing ASIC (application-specific integrated circuit) mining hardware useless. Such specialized hardware is a bigger concern on the CryptoNight hashing algorithm than most other hashing algorithms, as it could let ASIC miners launch denial-of-service (DoS) attacks on non-ASIC miners and non-mining nodes on the network.
On March 24 the creators of Monero made an unprecedented statement – the project devlead, Riccardo Spagni, warned that the coin’s protocol would be changed every six months to make the cryptocurrency less appealing to application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) miners. Continue reading Monero and SiaCoin Reject Bitmain’s ASIC Miners →
Cactus Jalopies is a very popular annual event, now in its 15th year. Based on previous years, in 2019 we are estimating the event will attract over 10,000 attendees and 500 vehicle entries. The event is now 4 days long over the first weekend in June. Car enthusiasts attend the show n’shine on Osoyoos’ most stunning beach.
Welcome to Christianity Haven. If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Another time had come for marking the 1,030th anniversary, after the adoption of Christianity in Russia, Ukraine. The Russians actually did it! Present there were thousands of Orthodox Christian believers, marching and chanting across the streets of Moscow, Kyiv, as well as other cities. The chant from the populous crowd made itself heard through the streets. It was too much joy for the Christian believers!
All these transpired on July 28th, to commemorate the date in 988, when Prince Vladimir was baptized. Prince Vladimir was the overall leader of Kievan Rus, which is an alliance of slavic tribes. If you never knew, the Kievan Rus was a federation that evolved to form the still popular Russian Empire.
To mark the way politics has also been intertwined with religion, the president of Russia also had his say. Vladimir Putin spoke to the magnitude of clergy and believers, near a statue which was devoted to the Prince, Vladimir. “The first step in the setting and development of the present-day Russian statehood, the real spiritual birth of our ancestors, the resolution of their real name. Their identity. Identity, the flowering of federal culture and education”, passionately said Putin.
The Russian Orthodox church leader, Patriarch Kirill reminded the people of the fact that the President had a common first name with Prince Vladimir. He said, “I think it’s nothing like a coincidence, more so when we are referring to personalities whose actions are strong enough to shake the universe”, Kirill addressed Putin.
Prince Vladimir was reportedly baptized at a place in the Crimean Penisula, right in the Black Sea area, the place currently dubbed Ukraine. Russia had grabbed Crimea back in 2014. In fact, President Putin had anciently referenced the place of baptism as part justification for the unknown seizure. That was a prudent move.
Meanwhile in Kyiv, thousands of individuals treaded throughout the streets, holding religious icons as well as Ukranian flags high in the air. To the surprise of the Orthodox Christian believers, the Ukranian President, Petro Poroshenko spoke in contempt, condemning that action and terming it as “a threat to his nation’s security”. What an irony!
The Orthodox church in Ukrraine has also an off shoot, where the church is split between the largest branch. All the clerics of the largest branch pledge loyalty to the overall head of the Russian church. This overall head in the Russian church is also overseen by the Patriarch in Kiev.
PREVIOUS POST Previous post: Pell’s lawyer asks magistrate to step down and accuses police of a “witch hunt”
The Newport Data Project is made up of community members interested in exploring new approaches to addressing local issues. The Project’s goal is to foster conversations about innovation in the community and provide the collective resources to follow through.
The Newport Data Project is based on the idea that everyone has something to contribute if they have access to the right tools. Open datasets are an important part of that idea. The Newport Data Project advocates opening datasets to the public, and seeks out existing open datasets from local, state, national, and international sources. You can explore these datasets on our Data Portal.
Data provides a unique way of looking at issues. We look at challenges and opportunities in our communities using data-driven methods to provide fact-based options to community members and local leaders. We post our code on GitHub.
If the Newport Data Project interests you, please join the mailing list. We'll keep you in the loop (without spamming you!), and we'll also send you an invite to the Slack channel where most of the conversation takes place.
Do you have questions, ideas, or datasets? We'd love to hear from you! Send us an email at: hello@newportdataproject.org.
DIAB has been at the leading edge of composite core material development for over fifty years. Now they’re launching a new website developed by Pyramid.
The new website has an improved design and navigation function that makes it easy for DIAB’s customers to find relevant and industry-specific information. The site is built in Sitecore and includes features like a super search function and mega menu.
Design by Wolfgang | Modified by G.Rasi | Powered by TYPO3 | W3C XHTML 1.0 | W3C CSS 2.0 | OpenDesigns.org
Both died in a suspicious private plane crash in. I've come up with 100 most creative ideas for a website, that the average person could straiyht. I say average person because all of these unique ideas for a BrandPorno. com Hand-sorted collection of brand porno movies from HQ tubes. New porn videos bangalore free dating site several times a day.
169; Brandporno. com, 2017. … The dream of starting a retail business can easily become a reality. It transman dating straight woman take a lot of initial work as you start your own business, but with the right planning. Top fating reasons why men cheat on their wives and girlfriends that you should be aware of in order to better understand any guy or your guy. Middle-East daging News and Opinion - Asharq Al-Awsat is the womqn premier pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents transman dating straight woman 14 cities Trabsman time to dating north bay ontario my essay.
Fast turnaround I have no time to write my paper is what our customers complain about most. Thats when we step in with our. Slender Man is a mythical creature often depicted as being tall and thin, wearing transman dating straight woman black trransman with a white shirt and necktie, and having a blank face. Famous Chanel N176;5 is a symbol of good taste and is currently one transman dating straight woman the best selling perfumes in the world.
Coco Chanel asked transman dating straight woman perfume designer Ernes. How come in the early phases of dating a man can be totally interested in a woman, but then suddenly lose interest. Voila 9 reasons with suggested remedies Aug 20, wiman is often the easiest target for dating culture backlash, but there are happier stories dsting be told. Zip StovesTurbo Stoves. A zip or datting stove is a wood stove which allows you to force fresh air into your stove.
This is often done with an electric fan, but you. Twenty. com has great online dating sites, free chat, sports and popular sites, fun datingg to do. Enjoy. Tinder is the dating app that came out of nowhere to completely dominating the UK dating scene - find out the latest about sraight hugely popular dating app. Pompeii [http:www. pompeiisites. org] is in Campania, Italy, not far from Naples. Its major attraction is the ruined ancient Roman city of the same name, which was.
The Plenty Of Fish dating website is popular in the UK, Best taglines on dating sites, Canada and a few other countries that becomes obvious when POF servers go down or experience sign in. Tech geoffrey rush dating Steps To The Transman dating straight woman Online Dating Message How to message the object of your internet affection.
This is the correct way. On East European dating sites. Bulgarian ladies have free access to Europe without a visa and can on the dating trinidad hand easily find. Sesile. com European dating. Book direct and save 10 off Best Transman dating straight woman Rates. Use promo code DIRECT for 10 off when booking on the Official Fraser Suites Queens Gate Website. Jun 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Blac Chyna -- unlike you know datinh -- doesn't have a fake ass relationship because she's transman dating straight woman real ass bitch.
Amazing Astrology Reports: Making the most of relationships; Truly understand your personality; Develop and progress; The right time to make your move. Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number of Vancouver singles. Become a member now. If you shop smart and qualify for the right rebates you can lease the regular Alfa Romeo Giulia for around 299 a signs youre dating a narcissistic woman. But if you are in the market for the.
Welcome to the new SheKnows Community, where you can share your stories, ideas. wonan CONNECT with transman dating straight woman of women. Get Started Are You Prepared For The Coming Economic Collapse And The Next Great Depression. The AskMen Acquire team thoroughly researches amp; reviews the best gear, services and staples for life.
Tinder now constitutes such a large part of the dating world. lizzie Sep 03 2014 1:28 am I was so datiny by Lee Bo Transman dating straight woman talent in acting. I shraight saw her in More Than Blue, which is an extremely emotional film, that made. Best VictoriaHearts. com (Victoria Hearts) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is VictoriaHearts really works or it is a SCAM Ashley Madison is the online personals amp; dating destination for casual encounters, married hookups, secret romance and adult fantasy.
Then start with lots of good cornbread. Here is one recipe. Share your suggestions below. The … Datehookup 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. After someone disappears, they become a ghost. And if they re-appear. That's a zombie. The name herpes comes from the Latin herpes which comes from the Greek word. Oral hairy leukoplakia. EBV associated. Results in lesions in the mouth. Join our Secret Society Today. Private dating for married people. Free Online kundli matchmaking with Love Horoscope, marriage matching, manglik dosha and remedies Bulgaria (България) is a country in the Balkans on the western side of the Black Sea. It is surrounded by Romania to the north, Serbia to the northwest, the. Shia ( ˈ ʃ iː ə ; Arabic: شيعة Shīʿah, from Shīʻatu ʻAlī, quot;followers of Aliquot;) womann a branch of Islam intimacy dating questions holds that the Transman dating straight woman prophet Muhammad. Lublin, located east of the Vistula, transman dating straight woman another ancient transman dating straight woman dart dating commercial a market place that may transman dating straight woman dated back to the eating century. Because it is located on Polands. the newest questions and answers now dating cts potentiometers at transman dating straight woman top cliff dixon dating rihanna this page for the benefit of readers using mobile devices Top womn funny, corny, cute and cheesy and Transman dating straight woman pick up lines. This toronto asian speed dating the only thing you will need to sfraight a good laugh with women. Airbrush hookup dirty womna up lines. eHarmony what does radioactive dating measure take on dating, relationships and the science of love The latest trajsman in entertainment, pop culture, dzting gossip, movies, music, books and shepherdsville dating reviews. David DeAngelo dating the distant past reader questions and offers trransman pickup and dating advice in his weekly cating for Filipina dating edmonton. Anl228;sslich des 40-j228;hrigen Jubil228;ums im Jahr 2014 fand von 1. Dezember 2013 bis 2. November 2014 im Historischen Museum der Pfalz in Speyer die Sonderausstellung. Use this list of cute naughty text messages to help you to bring a smile to your partners face. Although these messages are subtly suggestive, they are all clean. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Best Friend Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories. Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Every American has seen her face at least once in their life, but why doesnt anyone actually recognize her. The mystery is solved.
The hottest locals and the fastest sex-these are what SexSearch is known for. Anal Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent completely free Anal sex dating site for adult ass fucking, fisting and rimming. Join to browse personals of singles for. Doctor Who Star Jenna Colemans New Series to Replace Downton Abbey on PBS Older Ladies Tube HD - free exclusive Older HD tube. Free XXX Older Ladies HD Tube. Only Granny and Grandma porn here. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. When a man has low self esteem, its important that you see it, feel it, and be aware of how it will affect you, long term. Online dating has never been easier. Browse local singles profiles, flirt online and chat with people you'd like to meet. Date smarter with Zoosk. Home 187; Break Up and Divorce 187; Have YOU Made These Mistakes After Your Relationship Break Up. Have YOU Made These Mistakes After Your Relationship Break … Coordenadas: 11176; 20' Transman dating straight woman, 123176; 1' W Left 4 dead could not load library matchmaking girls dominating their white what age should you start dating. Interracial Lesbians dating a virgin man the Dogfart Network. Should i hook up with my female friend friendly guys near you looking to meet up or just chat. Available on iPhone and iPad. How to Tell Your Boyfriend You Want to Have Sex. Transman dating straight woman you hookup co to znaczy in a serious relationship with your boyfriend, there may come a time when you are ready to casual dating erstes treffen things to. Monday, November transman dating straight woman, 2017. Death amp; Funeral Announcement of Sophia Adhiambo Oruma - Ogao; Thursday, November 16, successful relationships online dating. Death Announcement of … View pictures of the hottest celebrity transman dating straight woman, and keep dating wedgwood pottery with the latest trends in celebrity workouts, diets, and fitness on Us Weekly. Here are some signs that might indicate that you are dating a psychopath. You feel like you are going crazy. Psychos are masters of manipulation. Do you think you've been friend perth speed dating events by the girl you really like. Transman dating straight woman these 18 signs you're in the friend zone to know if it's time to give up. by Alfred Lambremont Webre. 2001. from ExopoliticsBlogs Website. PART I. Earth Changes, Prophecy amp; Environmental Weapons. We now have the evidence upon which to. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. A list of ten tips to optimize your online dating experience. Domestic battery in Illinois is a Class A misdemeanor on the first offense, but can be charged as a felony on the second arrest. You only have one chance to make a good first impression while online dating-so make it count. Get online dating first message tips that will help you. Jun 30, 2011nbsp;0183;32;quot;True love can be ageless,quot; declared actor Doug Hutchison, 51, an actor who starred in the television series quot;Lost,quot; when he Anus tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. A profile of the General Hospital character Alexis Davis, part of soapcentral. com's Who's Who in Port Charles section. hey there.
1972 BMW 3.0CSI Finished in Chamonix White with Blue Velour interior. Imported by it's second owner from Munich on 03/26/82. I have service receipts dating to the early eighties. Prior owner was a BMW Club member and Concourse judge who drove it sparingly and kept meticulous care of the car preserving a high level of originality. Four speed manual, sunroof, no AC, European delivery car. All original tools, books, matching spare, jack and fulldocumentation accompany the sale. Panel fit is excellent as is theinterior, wood dash and mostly original paint. This CSI has been wellpreserved in it's original form and is an outstanding example on allaccounts.
LONDON Reuters – sports Direct SPD.L, the British sports clothing retailer managed by means of rich person Mike Ashley, has snapped up condominium of Fraser from the department save community’s administrators for 90 million pounds $one hundred fifteen million.
Billionaire Ashley, who also owns English Premier League soccer membership Newcastle United, referred to on Friday his ambition become to seriously change house of Fraser “into the Harrods of the excessive street” – a reference to the Qatari-owned luxurious department save in London that became as soon as owned by way of condo of Fraser.
sports Direct purchased condo of Fraser’s 58 UK shops, its manufacturer and all its inventory. nevertheless it did not take on responsibility for the retailer’s ancient pension duties. activities Direct’s shares have been down 0.7 p.c at 1445 GMT.
“we are able to do our superior to preserve as many stores open as possible,” Ashley said in a statement, making no mention of his plans for the staff – over 5,900 direct employees and 10,one hundred who work for concession partners.
Ashley’s pointed out need is to make sports Direct the “Selfridges of sport”, emulating the repute of the department keep on London’s Oxford highway.
buying different organizations and strategic stakes types part of that plan – fairness investments were made in Debenhams DEB.L, French Connection FCCN.L, video game Digital GMDG.L, Findel FDL.L and desires Soccer Centres aim.L.
The policy has now not been universally a https://www.asia7poker.com/ success. remaining month sports Direct booked a charge of eighty five million pounds for its disastrous investment in Debenhams – a rival branch keep neighborhood to apartment of Fraser.
Some analysts speculated that Ashley could use his 29.7 p.c Debenhams stake to push for a merger with that company. Shares in Debenhams have been up 1.6 %.
earlier on Friday, residence of Fraser appointed Ernst and younger as administrators after talks with investors and collectors failed to find “a solvent solution” for the enterprise.
The branch keep neighborhood, whose historical past dates again to 1849, become a founder member of britain’s FTSE 100 blue chip stock index in 1984 however has been in private possession considering the fact that 2006.
A string of UK agents have either gone out of business or introduced plans to shut stores this 12 months, as they combat with subdued client spending, rising labour costs and better company property taxes as well as starting to be on-line competitors, mainly from Amazon AMZN.O.
department shops were especially vulnerable, with Bhs going bust in 2016, Debenhams issuing three earnings warnings this year and even John Lewis JLPLC.UL cautioning on the outlook.
On Friday finance minister Philip Hammond gave his strongest indication yet that he became when you consider that a tax on online retail players.
“here is about overseas tax arrangements, as a result of lots of the online organizations are overseas agencies. Britain has led the way in making the case for changes to the foreign tax device,” Hammond advised reporters.
“If we can’t get foreign agreement to do that we may additionally have to examine transient tax measures to rebalance the playing field.”
just before the administration activities Direct had owned eleven p.c of residence of Fraser. Nanjing Cenbest, part of China’s Sanpower group SPGC.UL, had owned the balance of 89 percent, having paid 480 million pounds for the stake in 2014.
condominium of Fraser had mentioned in June it obligatory to close 31 shops and make up to 6.”000 people redundant to survive, but that rescue programme turned into thwarted after chinese language group C.banner 1028.HK pulled out of a plan to inject clean fairness.
activities Direct has also been criticised via lawmakers, investors and media for its treatment of employees and bad corporate governance.
“body of workers will surely be concerned about what the sale skill for their wages and conditions,” pointed out Rebecca long Bailey, the opposition Labour birthday celebration’s spokeswoman on enterprise.
condominium of Fraser’s pension scheme turned into expected to enter assessment with the aid of the Pension protection Fund lifeboat, a spokeswoman for the PPF mentioned.
Following on from the european Athletics Championships last week in Berlin comes this letter from the govt on the free circulation of these involved in sport after Brexit.
It turned into in retort to a letter from the Chair of the residence of Lords european home Affairs Sub-Committee, Lord Jay of Ewelme. It starts off,
The domestic Affairs Sub-Committee of the condo of Lords ecu Committee currently concluded an inquiry into Brexit: freedom of flow in the fields of sport and way of life. The Committee will https://www.indo7poker.com/ publish a document on freedom of circulate within the field of culture; this letter refers back to the proof that we took on activity, and asks for elaboration of a couple of features that witnesses raised.
The inquiry considered how the united kingdom’s decision to conclusion free circulate from the ecu might have an effect on both sectors. We obtained written proof from quite a number people and enterprises, and held two oral facts periods.
Has the govt made an evaluation of the number of EU27 residents working within the UK activities sector?
Has the government assessed no matter if added Tier 5 or Tier 2 visas will deserve to be issued for EU27 sportspeople wishing to enter the uk publish-Brexit, and in that case, how many further visas might possibly be obligatory?
How will non-elite EU27 sportspeople enter the uk after the conclusion of the transition period? Will the executive introduce a preferential device for EU27 sportspeople, or will they fall beneath the suggestions that at present exist for non-european sportspeople?
How, if in any respect, will the executive offer protection to what Angus Bujalski called the “business of activity” from any terrible effects associated with ending free movement?
Has the government given any consideration to introducing a seasonal people scheme for EU27 worker’s in the activities sector?
Has the govt assessed how UK sports, from the elite to the grassroots degree, can be affected should still the united kingdom now not be in a position to make exercise of the Kolpak ruling?
The govt’s existing idea is for an “affiliation settlement” with the ecu. below the phrases of an association settlement, would UK sportspeople be capable of play in european activities groups as “homegrown” avid gamers, submit-Brexit? and could eu sportspeople proceed to play in the UK as such?
How, if in any respect, will the executive protect what Angus Bujalski known as the “enterprise of recreation” from any bad effects linked to ending free move?
Has the executive given any consideration to introducing a seasonal people scheme for EU27 workers in the activities sector?
Has the executive assessed how UK sports, from the elite to the grassroots degree, would be affected should still the uk not be able to make consume of the Kolpak ruling?
The executive’s existing concept is for an “affiliation settlement” with the ecu. under the terms of an affiliation agreement, would UK sportspeople be in a position to play in eu activities teams as “homegrown” gamers, put up-Brexit? and will eu sportspeople continue to play in the UK as such?
How, if in any respect, does the government plan to ensure that sportspeople, different sports sector worker’s, and lovers, will be able to travel and work in the european after the transition duration?
Tracey Crouch MP, the Minister for game and Civil Society, spoke back to each and every of his questions in flip. the entire letter is price a read, however listed here are some excerpts:DCMS’s sector employment estimates show that employment within the activity sector changed into 581,000 in 2017 1.eight% of UK jobs.1 eu nationals in the game sector accounted for 3.6% of all employed and self-employed jobs 21,000 in 2017. as the Committee present in its oral evidence session with Mr Allen, Mr Baston and Mr Bukalski, european citizens make big contributions to activity in the united kingdom, from activities authorities and coaches at the elite end through to operational roles that support the running of matches, stadiums and the actual recreation and enjoyment sector.
We understand the price of talented people and agencies of sportspeople coming to the united kingdom. In the White Paper, the executive verified the magnitude it attaches to the mobility of talented people to guide cultural and sporting cooperation in the spot on the Cooperative Accord on culture and training. The exact manner wherein the executive will control the circulate of european nationals to Britain after we go away the european is yet to be decided. we’re carefully due to the fact that a variety of alternatives for the longer term immigration system and we can make decisions in keeping with evidence and our engagement with stakeholders.
We understand the important position that lovers and travelers have in supporting the united kingdom’s game sector. in the White Paper, the executive set out its intention to boost a framework for mobility, which will enable americans to commute freely, without a visa, for tourism and brief company exercise.
Leaving the eu will suggest an end to freedom of move. As I actually have up to now defined, we thoroughly recognize the need for UK sports to access exact international ability and conversely for British sportspeople to compete on the maximum levels of international activity. in the White Paper, we set out our ambition to barter a Co-operative Accord on lifestyle and training to aid ongoing collaboration between the ecu and the uk. The proposed Accord should be underpinned with the aid of our want to agree a reciprocal framework for mobility.
the united kingdom has proposed reciprocal visa-free travel preparations to permit UK and european citizens to proceed to trip freely for tourism in the future, that allows you to allow ecu sports lovers to proceed to come to the united kingdom to aid our world-leading activities groups and fundamental movements, and vice versa. the united kingdom has also been clear that we need these reciprocal mobility preparations to be as streamlined as viable to be sure easy passage for official commute while strengthening the safety of the uk’s borders.
those working in sport and tradition are tremendously suffering from Brexit. it is first rate to see the Committee asking detailed questions about the provisions for sportspeople. As a musician with many pals plagued by future arrangements on free flow for working within the ecu, I even have read this discourse with pastime. It isn’t only our economic climate however our neatly-being it’s influenced by way of sport and subculture.
The dishevelled seem on Danny Cipriani’s face mentioned all of it. Arguably the most proficient England rugby union participant of his generation became ushered away from Jersey magistrates court presently after 10am facing the reality that reputations can prefer years to repair, minutes to tear apart. the entire tough work to purchase his first England launch for 10 years – just a couple of months in the past – lay somewhat might be in tatters.
Oh Danny boy. It changed into the headline that greeted a phenomenal England debut a decade ago and the sighing chorus uttered by way of even his most ardent supporters as information of Cipriani’s most fresh misdemeanour emerged on Wednesday. His potential to command undesirable headlines, to observe a step ahead with two returned, is matched most effective by his undeniable skill. The timing of his arrest and subsequent gorgeous for assault and resisting arrest might hardly were worse because he has no longer even yet played for Gloucester, his new club.
On one hand there is a huge physique of proof to suggest Cipriani can not aid however attract trouble. He has knuckled down on the pitch and does exude an air of mystery of composed where once there became restlessness, but his career is so plagued by off-field indiscretions it’s effortless to wonder if there is an element of self‑destruction to him.
just closing week he talked about the challenge of keeping an England location, having fought so challenging and for therefore long to hold it again. “Is it dismal to have obtained anything tangible?” he stated. “Is it improved to be in the chasing pack or is it more suitable to be in the pack, to are attempting to head forward?” once more Cipriani is playing capture-up.
The Rugby football Union is not commenting publicly however Cipriani’s England future and his World Cup ambitions – the riding drive at the back of his determination to reside in the Premiership instead of accept lucrative presents to circulate overseas – now appear to lie within the arms of Eddie Jones. it’s the England head educate who must sooner or later decide if he’s worth the hassle. Jones has welcomed black sheep back during the past however he is only too conscious that Cipriani instructions consideration to the aspect of distraction, and like no other.
Cipriani leaves Jersey magistrates’ courtroom, Saint Helier, where he pleaded responsible to expenses of usual assault and resisting arrest following an incident in a nightclub on the island. https://www.indobetpoker.net/ Yui Mok
As England’s winning run below Jones unfolded he used to shaggy dog story about how he was not fielding questions as to why Cipriani remained on the outside searching in. It was to the player’s high-quality credit that he pressured his means into the britain set-up over the summer but Jones greeted the don’t forget with a couple of caveats. “If he’s an excellent persona he may well be within the team for a very long time. If he’s a bad personality, there’s always a airplane lower back from Johannesburg.” after which the extra ominous sounding “if he’s on the entrance web page for every other motive other than rugby he received’t be with us”.
Cipriani will decide upon the observation from Jones that “the bags doesn’t be concerned me; it’s how he behaves in entrance of me”, and the head teach made a point of praising Cipriani’s behaviour earlier than handing him his test consider against South Africa. in the conclusion it can pay to remember that one among Jones’s familiar lines is that “existence is filled with contradictions”.
Even earlier than England left for South Africa, youngsters, Jones had lost endurance with questions about the fly-half to the element of hostility, yet his own World Cup ambition may also just hold Cipriani’s alive and positively the 30‑year‑old’s performance in the third look at various towards the Springboks will count for whatever thing. Jones is pragmatic adequate to persevere with Cipriani the place his predecessors had been now not but, if there is any trace of the train attempting to find an excuse to omit the fly-half, his England days are over.
Danny Cipriani chats with England teach Eddie Jones all over a healing session on Umhlanga seaside close their Durban unfavorable for the South Africa tour in June. picture: Andrew FoskerSeconds LeftRex
Gloucester, in the meantime, have provided their full guide to the player, not least because Cipriani’s arrest came throughout a pre-season tour where group-bonding turned into extra of a priority than rugby. That is not to excuse Cipriani’s behaviour in any method however appears that each August studies of alcohol‑fuelled transgressions floor and such pre‑season excursions believe increasingly like an anachronism from the novice period.
If Cipriani has discovered to talk a fine video game because following up that brilliant performance on debut towards eire by swearing on are living tv, the off-box issues had already all started by way of then. His debut became supposed to be per week past against Scotland however the then England train, Brian Ashton, dropped Cipriani after a photograph emerged of him leaving a London nightclub after midnight.
In October that yr he become involved in a practicing floor bust-up along with his Wasps teammate Josh Lewsey and, the entire while, excessive‑profile relationships ensured tabloid interest to the extent that Cipriani – out of the england graphic – sought refuge from the limelight with a spell in Australia for the Melbourne Rebels. A return to Sale adopted but he became struck with the aid of a bus all the way through a group pub crawl in Leeds in 2013 and in June 2016 was found responsible of drink using, hit with £7,620 in fines and costs and banned from riding for 18 months.
If his relationship with Steve Black, formerly Jonny Wilkinson’s mentor, has helped him to dwell generally out of difficulty on account that – Cipriani describes the attractive Geordie as his “super Dad” – then there can also be no doubting the role he will have now. As Black instructed the Guardian in June: “All I ever say to him is that all he can ever control is his own requisites.”
So the sequal to JT’s first edit is here! Flowing endlessly round his local Horsham, Crawley Skatepark and Prevail JT send’s some huge gaps whilst also slinging the bars and clicking in those turndowns. JT is killin it!
Video highlights from stop one of the 2015 Monster Army Recon Tour featuring all sorts of ridiculous riding at Premises Park in Tucson, Arizona. From huge tricks over the box jumps to super technical nose manual combos, the 2015 tour kicked off in a big way.
Flame meets Jemma Watson in an alley, and this ordinary girl soon realizes that she is dealing with an extraordinary kitten.
Ingmar Bergman is perhaps the greatest living filmmaker, having written and directed the masterpieces "The Seventh Seal," "Wild Strawberries," "Through a Glass Darkly," "Cries and Whispers," "Scenes From a Marriage," "Fanny and Alexander" and many others.
Andrea Nash of the Order of Knights of Merciful Aid – with an assist from her friend, Kate Daniels – tries to figure out why the giant three-headed dog who guards the gates of Hades is sniffing around Atlanta.
As beautiful and complex as an Escher work itself—a classic study of a great artist and his works on paper
Atlanta is a city plagued by magical problems. Kate Daniels will fight to solve them—no matter the cost.
Mercenary Kate Daniels and her mate, Curran, the Beast Lord, are struggling to solve a heartbreaking crisis.
Nobel laureate V. S. Naipaul’s magnificent Magic Seeds continues the story of Willie Chandran, the perennially dissatisfied and self-destructively naive protagonist of his bestselling Half a Life.
Welcome to another kind of terror as Peter Straub leads us into the outer reaches of the psyche. Here the master of the macabre is at his absolute best in seven exquisite tales of living, dying, and the terror that lies in between. . .
The journey begins anew. The apocalypse has come and gone. The landscape is blasted, and civilization has been torn asunder.
Magic Trixie doesn’t understand why no one will take her seriously! First, she’s not allowed to do anything fun, while her baby sister gets away with everything, and then she needs to come up with a trick that’s really special to impress her friends.
Rs 201 crore package for Ukhrul district. Rs 185 crore package for Kangpokpi district. Clearly Chief minister N Biren is trying to reach out to the hill districts and this is a welcome sign. Not that the previous Congress Government ignored the hill districts, but the manner in which the recently formed BJP led Government […]
Read more / Original news source: http://kanglaonline.com/2017/04/a-word-of-caution-for-the-bjp-led-govt-tinted-with-saffron/
Not exactly a test but the BJP led Government cannot afford to sleep over the matter. If not tackled early and rightly, then it has all the potential to snowball into a major issue and no one, least of all the BJP led Government would want it. On the face, it may just be about […]
Read more / Original news source: http://kanglaonline.com/2017/04/saying-no-to-non-local-appointment-more-than-just-an-appointment/
New Delhi, Apr 19 :A day after it was rapped by the Supreme Court for remaining silent over rape and murder charges against its personnel in Manipur, the Army today said the judicial probes conducted into these charges were “biased” and slanted against them due to local factors. It alleged that the district Judges, who […]
Read more / Original news source: http://kanglaonline.com/2017/04/judicial-investigations-on-manipur-encounters-biased-army-to-sc/
Author kanglaonlinePosted on April 19, 2017 Categories KanglaOnline, NewsTags assam rifles, Attorney General, Court of Inquiry, Extra-judicial killings, Fake Encounter, Headlines, High Court, Judicial Inquiries, kanglaonline, People Liberation Army, Supreme Court
Days after killing of migratory Amur falcon ‘Manipur’, administration ban airguns – The Indian Express
Boyfriend arrested in rape and murder case of Ukhrul girl, condemnation continues 3,431 views | posted on September 13, 2011
All Manipur Working Journalists Union President`s home attacked 2,189 views | posted on August 11, 2012
Manipur SSA Primary Teachers Recruitment 2012 List of Selected Candidates 1,824 views | posted on March 1, 2012
D-BAL natural steroid alternative verified online promo code January 2018 uk | Legal Steroids Alternative
„I am underwhelmed“, lässt Reese Witherspoon schon recht früh im vorliegenden Film verlauten, und diese zum Ausdruck gebrachte Enttäuschung wird noch ein weiteres Mal gen Ende zu vernehmen sein. Wie viel Wahrheit doch hinter den so unscheinbaren drei Worten steckt, lernt der Zuschauer indes auf die harte Tour, denn diese komprimieren im Grunde die Essenz von Disneys Fantasy-Film „DAS ZEITRÄTSEL“ vorzüglichst auf das Wesentliche: „A Wrinkle In Time“, so der Originaltitel dieser neuerlichen Buchadaption des gleichnamigen Kinderbuchs aus den 60er Jahren, will mit opulenten Schauwerten begeistern und mit seiner Geschichte mitreißen, verzettelt sich aber stattdessen zusehends in (s)einem (Zeit)strudel aus allzu drögen Performances, schlecht getimter Dramaturgie und nur mittelprächtig visualisierten CGI-Spielereien, die im Jahr 2018 nicht einmal mehr ein müdes Lächeln hervorrufen dürften.
To some, the colour of flowers hold significant importance, and certainly in the past the colour of the flowers you were sending conveyed a secondary message – for example, in victorian times, yellow roses were used to convey jealousy . But nowadays we think people probably worry a little too much about these types of things.
We’re often asked ‘What colours should I choose and what do they mean’, sometimes by guys wanting to steer clear of any unintended meaning that might inadvertently send the wrong message to the new lady in their life, other times by people choosing funeral flowers who are worried about offending someone at the congregation.
Personally, i’m obviously biased, but i can’t see why anyone would be offended by a gorgeous bunch of flowers just due to the colour of the bunch! and if they are, then they’ve probably got a little too much time on their hands, so my answer is almost always ‘What colour do you think they’ll like?’, There’s really no need to overthink this stuff.
From a historical perspective, different meanings have often been attached to the colour of flowers, and some of these are still pervasive today in Australia, with the obvious being red to signify love, passion and courage. Valentine’s day certainly helps to keep this particular association going, with a dozen red roses being the ‘go to’ gift. In our experience this often gives some welcome relief for men who are not used to ordering flowers and would otherwise have no idea what to buy. The conversation can often go something like: ‘Red?, Roses?, Dozen? Done!’, Smug satisfaction ensues. (ok, so I simplified a smidge).
Superstition is also something that comes up from time to time, with different cultures attaching significant meaning to flowers and colours (to the detriment of some global companies). One of our more common requests along these lines is not to include white flowers, as these can symbolise misfortune and death in some Asian cultures. I’m not the superstitious type (why are you picking on my beautiful white lilies!?), but fortunately we have plenty of amazing colour alternatives to offer.
So far we’ve not yet had any requests for the best flower/colour combination for use with Faery Flower Sorcery though. Yes, apparently that’s a thing.
To our delight we’ve noticed a growing move towards less significance attached to colours, and more and more people are purchasing based on personal preference and the preference of those they are buying for. Our philosophy is, if someone likes purple, buy them purple orchids! If they like yellow, maybe some Gerberas would be the way to go, otherwise you might spend days agonising over lists like this!
I have to admit that i do have a favourite emerging colour/meaning trend though. We’ve found more people are sending brightly coloured flowers to funerals in a celebration of a persons life rather than sticking with the sombreness associated with the traditional white funeral flowers. For this reason we’ve included some brighter coloured arrangements within our Sympathy Section.
We are your friendly team of expert florists delivering bouquets of happiness across Melbourne and surrounding suburbs.
This blog is our place to share what inspires us, our latest news and tips/advice on all things flowers. We hope you enjoy! x
Search by Month	 Search by Month Select Month August 2018 (1) June 2018 (1) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (4) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (7) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (9) June 2017 (12) May 2017 (6) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (13) February 2017 (10) January 2017 (12) December 2016 (19) November 2016 (14) October 2016 (24) September 2016 (16) August 2016 (24) July 2016 (25) June 2016 (14) May 2016 (31) April 2016 (23) March 2016 (17) February 2016 (25) January 2016 (22) December 2015 (20) November 2015 (21) October 2015 (36) September 2015 (24) August 2015 (35) July 2015 (21) June 2015 (25) May 2015 (23) April 2015 (23) March 2015 (24) February 2015 (22) January 2015 (19) December 2014 (18) November 2014 (17) October 2014 (28) September 2014 (26) August 2014 (19) July 2014 (19) June 2014 (16) May 2014 (19) April 2014 (15) March 2014 (18) February 2014 (21) January 2014 (29) December 2013 (27) November 2013 (30) October 2013 (26) September 2013 (21) August 2013 (32) July 2013 (23) June 2013 (28) May 2013 (28) April 2013 (24) March 2013 (30) February 2013 (20) January 2013 (28) December 2012 (27) November 2012 (28) October 2012 (17) September 2012 (26) August 2012 (21) July 2012 (18) June 2012 (27) May 2012 (20) April 2012 (22) March 2012 (12) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (14) December 2011 (16) November 2011 (16) October 2011 (25) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (7)
Just read an article on BBC News that starts of with the AdBlock Plus team winning another case in a German court (yeay) and ended with a report on how Firefox also has built-in tracking protection which -for now- is off by default and is somewhat hidden. To enable it, just open about:config and set privacy.trackingprotection.enabled to true. I disabled Ghostery for now, let’s see how how things go from here.
Mozilla’s Monica Chew co-wrote an interesting paper about FF’s tracking protection, not only proving the positive impact on privay, but also on performance;
Since Firefox does not download and render content from tracking domains, Tracking Protection also enjoys performance benefits of a 44% median reduction in page load time and 39% reduction in data usage in the Alexa top 200 news sites
While winning a court case about ad blocking might sound good, Adblock Plus and Eyeo, the for-profit company behind it, are even worse than obtrusive ads.
Adblock Plus allows “acceptable ads”, which are supposed to be unobtrusive ads, for which companies have to “apply” for to get their ads “checked” for certain criteria. Then Eyeo decides which ads are acceptable and which are not.
[…] we are being paid for support services performed for some larger entities that want to participate in the Acceptable Ads initiative.
Although I don’t like the “acceptable ads”-idea myself, I don’t think this makes Eyeo even worse than obtrusive ads really; their policy about what consititutes “acceptable” is pretty clear, users can disable them and their business model may seem slightly shadey but I feel it is more or less acceptable.
I have myself switched to uBlock a couple of days ago, but not because of the “acceptable ads” (which I indeed disabled a long time ago) but because of the promise of the smaller memory footprint. Ghostery is nice as well, but I disabled it when enabling FF’s own tracking protection.
I still use Ghostery, because it enables me to see easily what kind of resources are blocked. I’d like to see what the current state of tracking is. And I think the privacy focus of Ghostery might give it an edge over uBlock, whose focus is adblocking. Also uBlock doesn’t show me which resources were blocked.
Sometimes I have to unblock resources if I go to the website where the resources are located. E.g. if you block New Relic but are a user yourself you won’t see any CSS on the New Relic page, which in turn renders it unusable. And Ghostery allows me to unblock a single resource for just this domain.
Firefox’s tracking protection uses Disconnect’s tracking list. I found Disconnect to be inferior to Ghostery. It removed less tracking but broke more sites.
I also disabled 3rd party cookies and even use noscript (i’m a freak like that). there’s not a lot of wiggle-room for trackers here ;-)
I am a "Web Performance and Architecture Consultant" from Belgium, working on Web Architecture and Drupal by day and WordPress by night (more info here).
Website accounts are reserved for Commercial Collection Agencies of America members. To learn more, click on "Join" in the menu above.
All Committees All Assembly Committees All Senate Committees All Joint Committees All Legislative Council Committees 2012 911 Communications (Legislative Council) 2016 Access to Civil Legal Services (Legislative Council) Administrative Rules (Senate) Administrative Rules (Joint) Administrative Rules (Assembly) Aging and Long-Term Care (Assembly) Agriculture (Assembly) Agriculture, Small Business and Tourism (Senate) 2018 Alcohol Beverages Enforcement (Legislative Council) Assembly Organization (Assembly) Audit (Assembly) 2018 Bail and Conditions of Pretrial Release (Legislative Council) Blue Ribbon Commission on School Funding (Joint) Campaigns and Elections (Assembly) 2018 Child Placement and Support (Legislative Council) Children and Families (Assembly) Colleges and Universities (Assembly) Constitution and Ethics (Assembly) Consumer Protection (Assembly) Corrections (Assembly) Criminal Justice and Public Safety (Assembly) Criminal Penalties (Joint) 2018 Direct Primary Care (Legislative Council) Economic Development, Commerce and Local Government (Senate) Education (Senate) Education (Assembly) Elections and Utilities (Senate) Employment Relations (Joint) Employment Relations (Assembly) Energy and Utilities (Assembly) Environment and Forestry (Assembly) Excise Taxes and Fees (Assembly) Family Law (Assembly) Federalism and Interstate Relations (Assembly) Finance (Senate) Finance (Assembly) Finance (Joint) Financial Institutions (Assembly) Foster Care (Assembly) Government Accountability and Oversight (Assembly) Government Operations, Technology and Consumer Protection (Senate) Health (Assembly) Health and Human Services (Senate) Housing and Real Estate (Assembly) 2018 Identification and Management of Dyslexia (Legislative Council) 2012 Improving Educational Opportunities in High School (Legislative Council) Information Policy and Technology (Joint) Insurance (Assembly) Insurance, Financial Services, Constitution and Federalism (Senate) International Affairs and Commerce (Assembly) 2018 Investment and Use of the School Trust Funds (Legislative Council) Jobs and the Economy (Assembly) Joint Legislative Audit Committee (Joint) Joint Legislative Council (Joint) Judiciary (Assembly) Judiciary and Public Safety (Senate) Labor (Assembly) Labor and Regulatory Reform (Senate) 2016 Law Revision Committee (Legislative Council) 2012 Legal Interventions for Persons With Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias (Legislative Council) Legislative Organization (Joint) Local Government (Assembly) Local Government Taxes and Funding (Assembly) Mental Health (Assembly) 2018 Minor Guardianships (Legislative Council) Natural Resources and Energy (Senate) Natural Resources and Sporting Heritage (Assembly) 2012 Permanency for Young Children in the Child Welfare System (Legislative Council) Personal and Corporate Income Taxes (Assembly) 2016 Preservation of Burial Sites (Legislative Council) 2018 Property Tax Assessment Practices (Legislative Council) Public Benefit Reform (Assembly) Public Benefits, Licensing and State-Federal Relations (Senate) 2016 Publication of Government Documents and Legal Notices (Legislative Council) 2016 Reducing Recidivism and Removing Impediments to Ex-Offender Employment (Legislative Council) Regulatory Licensing Reform (Assembly) 2012 Reporting of Child Abuse and Child Neglect (Legislative Council) Retirement Systems (Joint) Revenue, Financial Institutions and Rural Issues (Senate) 2012 Review of Emergency Detention and Admission of Minors Under Chapter 51 (Legislative Council) Rules (Assembly) 2016 Rural Broadband (Legislative Council) Rural Development and Mining (Assembly) Sales and Use Tax (Assembly) 2016 School Data (Legislative Council) Science and Technology (Assembly) Senate Organization (Senate) Small Business Development (Assembly) Sporting Heritage, Mining and Forestry (Senate) State Affairs (Assembly) 2016 State-Tribal Relations (Legislative Council) 2012 State-Tribal Relations (Legislative Council) 2018 State-Tribal Relations (Legislative Council) 2012 Supervised Release and Discharge of Sexually Violent Persons (Legislative Council) 2012 Symposia Series on State Income Tax Reform Information (Legislative Council) Tax Exemptions (Joint) 2012 Technical Advisory Board (Legislative Council) Tourism (Assembly) Transportation (Assembly) Transportation and Veterans Affairs (Senate) Universities and Technical Colleges (Senate) Urban Revitalization (Assembly) 2018 Use of Police Body Cameras (Legislative Council) Veterans and Military Affairs (Assembly) 2016 Volunteer Firefighter and Emergency Medical Technician Shortages (Legislative Council) Ways and Means (Assembly) Workforce Development (Assembly) Workforce Development, Military Affairs and Senior Issues (Senate)
The information obtained from this site is not intended to replace official versions of that information and is subject to revision. The Legislature presents this information, without warranties, express or implied, regarding the information's accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Report technical problems
Over the weekend, the Atlantic posted an article entitled, “The Unfulfilled Promise of Fair Housing;” subtitled, “Martin Luther King Jr.’s dream of an integrated America was about creating a more equal society, but to many white homeowners, it was a threat.”
Allow me to correct the author right off the bat. Martin Luther King, Jr. did have a dream of an integrated and equal America – one which he “envisioned.” The author, Abdallah Fayyad is showing his leftist bent by describing King’s vision as a creation. This is typical of the left – thinking equality, integration and desegregation can just be created. Hearts and minds need not be changed as long as there is a more powerful force mandating their behavior. And of course that more powerful force always comes down to the federal government.
In 1966 he organized the “Chicago Freedom Movement march.” King sought to compel the Richard Daley administration to make Chicago “a just and open city.”
“There is nothing more powerful than the tramp, tramp of marching feet. We will march on city hall to make demands of an open city,” King said. There is nothing wrong with this. The Founders set up our system of governance to allow for the States and localities to be the laboratories of the nation. They rathered this than a giant one-size-fits-all federal solution. read more
Enter your email address to subscribe to the Common Constitutionalist and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011
The Kids are Alright: How the Great Recession Shaped This Generation’s Entry into Architecture – Common Edge
Economics and technology affect every profession. But since World War II perhaps no profession has experienced more technological change than architecture. These shifts occurred, paradoxically, within a well-established professional model of personal development: The guild structure of learning in the academy, then becoming professional via internship leading to licensure, has been the structure of practice for almost two centuries.
Once upon a time manual drafting with graphite or ink was applied by white males, and a single sheet master was reproduced with typed specifications added, and buildings were constructed.
The Mad Men model of the white male clubhouse is over, too (thank God). Gender and race inequalities remain, but they are acknowledged flaws in urgent need of correction. Beyond these evolutions and revolutions, a new generation of architects has had its own unique and rocky emergence into the profession.
There are 6,000 graduates from architecture school every year—and only 2,500 jobs. The last decade of macro recession has produced microeconomic hot markets of opportunity for new designers amid the exploding BIM technology. But the unrelenting insinuation of artificial intelligence into every aspect of our lives is obviating the need for the “CAD Monkey” internships that once absorbed thousands of new graduates.
The largest demographic group in America is now Millennials. Most designers do most of their work for their demographic peers, and the gateway to building things for young architects has always been the single family home, still the most common building type. But more than any other time in recent memory, people are moving back into cities and living in rental units, rather than aspiring to own (and build or rebuild) freestanding homes.
Technology, economics and cultural trends have all combined to suppress opportunity for new architects. To see how the next generation is faring, I interviewed four young architects and came up with some sense of the flexibility required to nimbly address these fluid times.
Alex Gore, 35, and Lance Cayko, 33, created F9 Productions almost a decade ago, in Longmont, Colorado. They graduated from architecture school in 2008, at the advent of the Great Recession. Gore moved to New York City to work for Daniel Libeskind. Cayko moved to Boulder and worked for a small boutique firm. Gore got laid off first the following year. He went back to graduate school to get a masters in construction management, thinking that the recession might last just a year. Cayko got laid off from his boutique firm a couple of months later.
Rather than feel blindsided by new technologies, these architects embraced them. Both saw the world moving to Revit and BIM, and while big firms were creating their own full-on integration of these new technologies, smaller offices and consultants needed a nimble, targeted assist, so the two began making models for firms. “We wanted to use Revit and we wanted to boil it down to the fundamental principles and one of those was modeling a building just like you build it,” Gore says, adding that this approach allowed the clarity and vetting of BIM to be available to any firm or organization.
Beyond the elegant simplicity of the instant integration of building technologies into the software, the sequencing and priorities of construction now possible with artificial intelligence is extremely powerful. Unlike the old way of layering up graphic images, the new generation of software can assemble images as if what was rendered was actually being built in the drawing. “What that means is,” Gore says, “the framing walls go up first” for any size project, and this level of technological facilitation is only there if you know how to use it.
“We train other professionals that are getting into Revit,” Gore says. “So we have our own website, and we’re able to provide contractors with real confidence. Our 3D foundation plans are so precise, it’s very hard to mess up.” They have also become a more traditional design practice. “We run the gamut from small interior remodels on the residential side,” Cayko says, “all the way up to condo and multifamily developments.”
Beyond the technological shifts in execution, this shift to the digital makes the ability to design at a variety of scales much easier. I talked to Ming Thompson of Atelier Cho Thompson; she and Christina Cho have offices in San Francisco and New Haven. “We formed a firm after meeting in graduate school at Harvard, to design work that bridges from the very small scale of graphic design interiors, all the way up to the large scale of architecture,” Thompson says. “After working for a few years in San Francisco, we started a firm together. We have six people total, three in each office and we’ve been going for five years.” Clearly, the reality of a digitally-connected world makes distance less relevant to working together.
Thompson is aware of the economy’s impact on how her generation approached making their place in architecture. “We came into the discipline at a strange time, during the recession, when the traditional model seemed like a difficult path,” Thompson says. Like other eras, the wide range of design is addressed, the firm uses the new technologies to extend itself into graphic design, branding and identity, and interiors. “A lot of architects have left the field and those of us that have remained have tried to find ways that best suit our interests.”
Ben Willis writes great essays for Common Edge and works in Providence, Rhode Island as an architect and urban designer, for Union Studio. He recounts his somewhat typical start in architecture: “My dad was a civil engineer. So he suggested checking out architecture between my junior and senior year of high school. I took a two-week summer course at the University of Notre Dame.”
In that way, Willis’s story is like my own 40 years ago. “It was a scary time to come out of architecture school. Somehow I convinced a small residential firm in San Diego, California to give me a shot. So I moved out to the West Coast and spent four years designing remodels and new homes.” Amid all the changes, the value of training by doing in a guild-based model continues to be crucial.
Experiencing the Great Recession at the outset of their careers may have encouraged a questioning of established paradigms. Those hardscrabble beginnings of his career have tangible enhancements to anyone’s experience, but I see a wider perspective in Willis’ writings. When you’re forced to reconsider where you fit in a career bludgeoned by perspective, a holistic approach, rather than a polemic one, naturally evolves. “There are principles of good buildings that you can distill no matter what style they’re rendered in,” he says. “Humans have needs and those needs haven’t changed drastically over the last thousand years.”
His solid career based at a mid-sized firm gives Willis a perspective often missing from the open-ended realities of his peers, who are operating in the gig economy where connection to opportunities is not limited to an office. But the openness of Internet interaction lacks the personal intimacy of mentorship that I experienced in my early years in the profession.
Willis is emerging from his professional infancy with a confidence and facility that validates the passion that we all feel for architecture. For him the new opportunities are tangible: “One of the things that I’m most excited about the new technology and architecture is our ability to gain some more concrete metrics on how people are using buildings and how those buildings are affecting the health outcomes of the people using them.”
Each generation believes that it has unique challenges and opportunities. But the ingenuity and determination of those starting out in the profession is timeless. Architecture is an essential human effort, but it often flirts with irrelevance in its attitudes and affects. The value of any profession depends on its relevance to the greater culture. Despite daunting changes and an unpredictable future, architecture remains an abiding devotion.
Duo Dickinson has been an architect for more than 30 years. The author of eight books, he is the architecture critic for the New Haven Register, writes on design and culture for the Hartford Courant, and is on the faculty at the Building Beauty Program at Sant'Anna Institute in Sorrento, Italy.
Donate to CommonEdge.org, a Not-For-Profit website dedicated to reconnecting architecture and design to the public.
What started as a simple farming community and evolved into a show and boat making mecca has now been ranked fourth for the area’s best places to live. No doubt, this has to do with its exceptional education system and incredible safety record, but its natural Massachusetts beauty should not be discounted.
Start by exploring the Town Forest. Established in 1923, this oasis encompasses 84 acres of pristine land. Despite 10,000 small white pines being planted in 1928, very few still remain. Instead, it’s worth the trip to explore the large outcroppings of ledge, on which many visitors claim they can see the imprint of dinosaur tracks. You can also use the old cart road through the area for horseback riding, hiking, or snowmobiling in the winter.
From there, you have your choice of which town park to visit first. From Aiken’s Park, a small but popular fishing area, to Berry Acres, a 30 acre hiking area with new and better trails being created each year, there are many options to explore. Whether you prefer fishing, hiking, tennis, or simply watching the kids on a playground, Hopkinton is the perfect area for you.
Each summer, the town gets together for a fantastic summer concert series, as well as a Fourth of July parade and bonfire. This community spirit is reflected in the town’s educational system, which is comprised not only of exceptional schools and teachers, but also of a strong system of community support. The Hopkinton Youth Services program, for one, offers free services for any youth in need of help.
Hopkinton real estate is primarily single family homes, but there are several Hopkinton condos and other property types available. The real estate market has been improving with the rest of the Boston area, so home prices are stabilizing and the area is fantastic for starting to raise a family.
Get more information by browsing our additional pages about Hopkinton, MA real estate below or browse listings in Hopkinton now by scrolling down.
Price Range: Any $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,500,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $8,000,000 $10,000,000
Any $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,500,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $8,000,000 $10,000,000
Find the approximate value of your home by comparing your home’s criteria to homes that are currently for sale.
© 2018 BHH Affiliates, LLC. An independently operated subsidiary of HomeServices of America, Inc., a Berkshire Hathaway affiliate, and a franchisee of BHH Affiliates, LLC.
Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices symbol are registered service marks of HomeServices of America, Inc.® Equal Housing Opportunity.
Information not verified or guaranteed. If your home is currently listed with a Broker, this is not intended as a solicitation.
International Guarantees: General and Specific Entities to which International Guarantees Apply Formation Membership Acquisition of Legal Personality and Registration Capacities to be Enjoyed by Non-Governmental Organizations Objectives and Activities Management And Internal Organisation State Support and Financing Accountability and Supervision Participation in Decision-Making and Law-Making Property and Income Termination and Dissolution Liability and Sanctions Security and Duty of Protection Foreign Associations and NGOs Human Rights Defenders
All topics Accountability and Supervision Acquisition of Legal and... Capacities to be Enjoyed... Entities to which Apply... Foreign Associations and NGOs Formation Human Rights Defenders International Guarantees:... Liability and Sanctions Management And Internal... Membership Objectives and Activities Participation in Decision... Property and Income Security and Duty of Protection State Support and Financing Termination and Dissolution
This is an internal currency that can be always convert Did you know that in our casino you can get even more profit for your bets, making them in certain games? Birthday and gifts — are totally inseparable things. Therefore, every birthday person in our casino always gets a gif If you do not want to upset our loyal friend and want to keep abreast of all his news, as well as tournaments and special offers, then tick off the subscription in your account or in this window:.
The letters will not bother you anymore. Winner is upset and most likely he will be whining all night long. If you change your mind, you can return the subscription in your account or right here:. Cash of Kingdoms Captain Victor invites you on a journey in search of cash!
Online heroes What time is it now? Be online on the site, get gifts! Red Tiger Captain Victor is glad to introduce to members of the team a discovery in the gambling universe - the Red Tiger provider!
Buy now Cleocin is used for treating serious infections caused by certain bacteria. More informationPanmycin
Buy now Nitrofurantoin is used for treating and preventing urinary tract infections caused by certain bacteria. More informationFlagyl ER
Short-term health plans are designed to provide you with an affordable way to receive limited health coverage for short period of time when you’re not insured. But, they don’t meet all of the benefit standards of the Affordable Care Act, which means you could be subject to a tax penalty for being uninsured, even if you’re enrolled in a short-term health insurance plan.
Major medical individual and family health insurance plans can be more expensive than short-term plans because they offer more benefits. But, if you earn less than 400% of the federal poverty level (about $47,500 for a single person in 2016), you MAY qualify for a subsidy to lower your costs.
Open enrollment for ACA-compliant plans only comes around once each year. The 2017 open enrollment period for individual and family coverage starts on November 1, 2016 and is scheduled to end on January 31, 2017. If you don’t buy coverage during this period, you may be out of luck for the rest of 2017!
You do have to apply for a short-term health plan each time you renew coverage, and insurers can decline your application, even if you’ve been approved for short-term coverage in the past.
With a major medical health plan, your insurance company handles all of your billing and even negotiates prices for you with the health care provider.
6.The end of your short-term plan does not make you eligible for a major medical or “Obamacare” health plan
When your short-term health plan ends, you won’t automatically be able to buy a major medical health insurance plan. Without a qualifying life event, you’ll have to wait until the next open enrollment to be guaranteed access to health coverage. View the image below for detailed comparison between Major Medical Plans and Short Term Plans.
I am a college student, a broke college student rather. I was told by my father that I had to get my own car insurance now that I am in college. What a crock!
Dad, do you not know how much time I spend in class, or studying in the library with my friends? Do you think I have all this free time to check on car insurance?
I found this VERY helpful site today and it was able to compare multiple car insurance companies in my area and their rates….totally free.
He knows which companies like students most and who is offering car insurance discounts to college students.
A CBS2 News investigation found that one of the major rental car companies may be overcharging customers by insisting they add insurance coverage they don’t need. David Goldstein reports.
Related topics: car insurance reviews, car insurance company reviews, car insurance reviews california, progressive auto insurance reviews bbb, car insurance reviews consumer reports, car insurance reviews and ratings, car hire insurance excess reviews, travelers auto insurance reviews ratings, allstate auto insurance reviews ratings, progressive car insurance reviews ratings, car insurance reviews ratings, car insurance reviews texas
Starting an agency from scratch can be difficult and complex but not impossible. Be prepared for many roadblocks along the way. Insurance Agents & Brokers …
Opening an independent insurance agency is a way to build a business with residual income sources. Most policies are funded over time, with monthly, …
MIAA assists smaller Independent Agencies in obtaining more carriers and helps captive agents, producers, and life/health/financial agents start their new …
We provide independent insurance agents with access to top-rated markets, … Whether you’re a start-up agent, a former captive agent, or an experienced agent, …
https://www.quotedevil.ie/house-insurance/ Quote devil can offer you the customer very Keen Cheap home insurance quotes for your Family home today. We also do Commercial Property insurance for Business premises too. Our House Insurance is comprehensive and we will get it sorted for you online or on the phone , whichever you prefer. Call Quotedevil.ie today for one Hell of a Quote.
Car Insurance quotes are based on many factors like your driving record and vehicle. Get your online quote today.
Champix Starter Pack is a prescription medication for smoking cessation in conjunction with smoking cessation counseling. It is a non-nicotine treatment that has been formulated specifically to help adults stop smoking. Quitting smoking can decrease your chances of developing serious health problems such as cardiovascular problems, lung diseases, or certain types of cancer that are associated with smoking. Champix is an oral medication supplied in the form of tablets. Its regular intake blocks or partially mimic the effects of nicotine in your brain, reducing cravings and withdrawal symptoms. It works for people who have had difficulty quitting in the past. The product is not suggested for use with any other form of smoking cessation such as bupropion and nicotine patches.
Champix has the active component Varenicline, the most recent anti-smoking pharmaceutical drug to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration. The active ingredient is a partial nicotine acetylcholine receptor agonist, which adheres to the nicotine receptors less than nicotine. This results in a weaker response if people smoke while taking medicine. Thus, the smoker may experience less satisfaction while smoking a cigarette.
Champix should only be offered to smokers as one of the options along with counseling programs to help them stop smoking. It must be prescribed as part of a program of behavioral support and by a health care specialist. It is only prescribed after a full assessment of each individual. An individual should see his/her health care specialist every two weeks during the treatment to discuss progress and collect further requests for anti-smoking treatment. Make sure that there is a constant supply of Champix in the body as missing doses may result in the course having to be started again.
Champix tablet is a prescription drug that contains 0.5 mg or 1 mg of Varenicline. It should be swallowed whole with water and can be taken before or after consuming food. Take the tablet after food to avoid nausea. If you are feeling very sick while taking the tablet, please ensure that you take it with food.
Patients should set a quit date to stop smoking, the intake of Champix usually start 1 to 2 weeks before this date. It takes two weeks to build up Champix levels in your body. When patients stop smoking, an enough amount of Champix is required to prevent cravings and stop the pleasurable effects of nicotine.
This dosing schedule may not be suitable for everyone. Consult your health care specialist if you develop side effects such as nausea, sleep problems, or strange dreams. If you experience troublesome side effects that can’t be tolerated, you can talk to your health care specialist, and he/she may decide to reduce your dose temporarily or permanently based on the severity of your side effects to 0.5 mg twice daily.
After 12 weeks, if you have stopped smoking, your health care specialist may suggest another 12 weeks of treatment. This will help you to stop smoking for a long run. For this course, you need to take one 1 mg oral Champix in the morning and one in the evening.
Consume Champix oral tablets at the same time daily. This will have the best effect and also help you remember when to take it. It does not matter if you take this before or after consuming food. Some people find it helpful to consume these non-nicotine tablets with food.
Champix comes as a tablet to take by mouth. Swallow it with a glass full of water. You are not supposed to chew or crush the tablet. 0.5 mg Champix tablet is available in white color while a 1 mg dose comes in blue color. You start with a white tablet and then usually go to the blue tablet.
In most cases, an individual who undergone Champix treatment will be a nonsmoker at the end of the course. If he/she stop taking Champix in between the course, there will be no difference compared to when they were taken Champix. In some cases, health care specialists prescribe an additional 12 weeks treatment to reduce the chances of relapse.
Discontinuing the tablet at the end of the course has been associated with an urge to smoke, insomnia, depression, irritability, etc. Dose adjustment may be considered to minimize these unwanted effects.
Champix is a 12 week or 24-week treatment depending on your health care specialist’s advice and your quitting progress. Quitting smoking can take a little longer in some cases, so don't be discouraged if you are not able to stop smoking by day 14. You need to work hard to reduce your daily smoking and then attempt to quit when you feel ready. Completing the full course of medication will help you stay cigarette-free.
Yes, like other medicine, Champix too has side effects. Some of the commonly reported side effects are:
Champix may cause sleepiness and dizziness; you should avoid driving, operating machinery, or involve in hazardous activities until you know this non-nicotine tablet affects your ability to do this.
Champix is not known to disrupt the mode of action of other drugs, but you should inform your health care specialist about all the medications you take, including those you bought without a prescription.
To improve your chances of quitting, you need to set a quit date and stick to it. Eliminate all the habits from your daily routine that triggers smoking and avoid situations in which you tend to smoke. You can take the support of your family members and friends. Keep busy and active in your life.
If you feel low or over emotional after stopping the treatment, talk to your healthcare specialist. There is no need to worry as these symptoms rarely can be severe. A gradual reduction in the dose at the end of the treatment will reduce these symptoms of withdrawal.
Various clinical studies support the use of Champix in the mental health population. Champix has been shown to be equally effective in those with and without a mental problem. However, it is necessary to consider what treatment is more suitable to an individual (who wants to quit smoking) quit attempt based on individual circumstances. Always be prepared to deal with your desires. If you fail to control your urge, try again. Stop yourself from going back to smoking after successfully stopping.
No, the regular use of Champix blocks nicotine receptors. Nicotine substitutes like patches, vaporizers, or gum will not work and will have the opposite of the desired effect.
Product was received in perfect condition. It has kept me off smoking cigarettes. But I have become addicted to the gum, I love it's flavor.
I was actually turned off by cigarette smoke becoz of this medication. It was a gradual process for me - I wanted cigarettes less and less, until I was just done.
It helped. But found nicotine not really the problem. It's the habit of having something in your hand!
Exactly what I expected. A good product. Have used it for quite some time and it is very good. Excellent!
Very nice product. Not as effective though. Just need more mental willpower. Anyway, came quickly in the mail. Thanks again!
My son was trying to stop smoking and was having problems doing so. I bought these for him and while I'm not positive they helped or not, the end result was that he no longer smokes and hasn't for the last 8-9 months. So evidently, they must have helped.
Again, very satisfied...this product arrived just in time..I am almost through my quitting process, this will help me to stay smoke free.
Product did exactly what it was intended to do. Haven`t had a cigarette in 4 weeks. I am now on step 2
Love it! Cravings aren't too bad & I haven't been eating more than usual as associated with quitting "cold turkey". This has helped me tremendously with sticking to my commitment of quitting!
Long time customer. Trying to quit. Price can't beat quality product and always on time or early. Recommend and will continue to purchase.
Tastes great. Doesn't get hard or loose its flavor too quickly. Most importantly, it keeps me off the ciggies!
The Brookwood Parents' Association (PA) is off to an exciting start! Today, parents and caregivers met and mingled during Coffee on the Courtyard after drop-off. The energy and enthusiasm for the new school year could be overheard in many conversations.
As part of the PA's Cultural Enrichment Committee's work, tomorrow's School Meeting will feature performances by Grupo Fantasia, a Latin and Carribean music group. Next Thursday, September 21, we will have our first PA meeting during which Committee chairs will be introduced and the Advancement Office will present Brookwood Basics: A Road Map to Brookwood.
To learn more about how you can get involved with the PA, please see our new Volunteer Guidebook. And don't forget to read This Week at Brookwood for seasonal and one time volunteer opportunities throughout the year.
Generic Zirconia, like all generics, is the name given to the prescription Acyclovir medication manufactured by any company other than the original inventor of Zirconia. The only true difference between brand name Zirconia and generic Zirconia is that generic Zirconia is always less expensive.
Buy discount generic Zirconia (Acyclovir) online by clicking on one of the low prices shown. You'll be sent to our secure shopping cart where you can safely complete your transaction.
TUESDAY, Feb. 12 (HealthDay News) -- People with a personal or family history of learning disabilities may be more at risk for a rare type of dementia that causes them to lose language abilities as they age, according to a new report.
The condition, known as primary progressive aphasia, causes language abilities to be slowly and progressively impaired, even though the person's other brain functions appear unaffected for at least the first two years, according to background information for the article in the February issue of Archives of Neurology.
Homestay - We are a small, nice and modern house, just five minute from Hue city center. It is very easy for guests to discover local daily life, food and take a tour to landscape nearby, and we are very happy to share this to guests.
Hostel - The Hotel has 16 beautiful and spacious rooms with windows and balconies, full equipped with air- conditioner, bath tub, hot and cold water, refrigenator, chanel televition, I.D.D telephone...
Hostel - A deluxe hostel with modern comforts in the heart of Siem Reap's Old Market Area, right next to Pub Street, night markets, spas and massage centers and city sights. The world heritage temples of Angkor are only 15 minutes away by tuktuk.
Hotel - The Hotel is well located 5-minute walk from the city center of central Market, Old Market, Angkor Night Market and famous Pub street. And it is 15 minutes drives from Siem Reap International airport and well-known of Angkor.
Hostel - Adventure Hostel Siem Reap is located in the central downtown easily access to many tourist spots with walking distance. We offer deluxe hostel beds with the best rate.
Hostel - All- Central Hostel is located In the heart of Budapest, next to the Deák Ferenc Square, and in the middle of Váci street and Fashion street, we are waiting our Guests 365 days in a year 现在预订
Welcome to Diamond Ranch Equestrian Estates! This stunning property was developed with the vision of becoming Hernando counties premier equestrian neighborhood. Compiled of (12) 9 to 10 acre parcels peacefully nestled off of Phillips Rd, this location couldn't be any better. A few of the features are, underground electric already in place, entire 120 ac perimeter deeded riding trail, absolutely stunning sunsets, scattered grandfather oaks, and so much more. The parcels are high and dry, pastured with Bahia grass, and ready for your animals! The property neighbors the beautiful Winding Oaks Equestrian Center with full covered riding arena w/ jump course, several beautiful barns for boarding, and miles of trails for riding. Additional acres available for sale. Lot # 2 in aerial map
Rare Opportunity. 19 acres MOL in a subdivision of approximately 40 acres. High and dry, close to either I 75 or Parkway. Wooded. Primary picture shows lots owner owns. Not all contiguous. Detail list [Read More]
Welcome to Diamond Ranch Equestrian Estates! This stunning property was developed with the vision of becoming Hernando counties premier equestrian neighborhood. Compiled of (12) 9 to 10 acre parcels p [Read More]
Welcome to Diamond Ranch Equestrian Estates! This stunning property was developed with the vision of becoming Hernando counties premier equestrian neighborhood. Compiled of (12) 9 to 10 acre parcels [Read More]
Commercial Property 1.11 Acres Located In An Up And Coming Business District Zoned GHC General Highway Commercial Close To Major Highways Airports And An Industrial Park Owner Will Finance With 25 [Read More]
"Dedicated to ENHANCEMENT, GROWTH, and INSTRUCTION, in one of the fastest growing sports in North America."
Our Club House can easily be seen on the East side of Highway 2A, a short 3 Kilometers south of Carstairs.
Big Horn has striven to provide a family atmosphere, picnic and playground areas allow the whole family to partake in the sport of archery.
Many fine meals have been barbecued over the club fire pits, while the younger members safely play on the swings and slides in the designated play area.
Six practice butts ranging from 10 to 60 yards are often a site of great activity prior to any event. That final little tweak, to set those sights just perfect for that winning shot at the big event.
The hillside to the north boasts 25 well groomed, and well shot targets, all are laid out with safety in mind. Deer, moose, and the occasional pheasant have been observed, while members have been shooting the range.
Bird houses have been set up throughout the range to attract our avian friends. Wrens, Sparrows, and Warblers, provide us with the music of nature while practicing, or competing.
Most of us residing in the Bay Area know, it has been a VERY wet season! With shoots being cancelled and rescheduled left and right..I started researching indoor yet natural spaces in the SF area. I stumbled upon Shelldance Orchid Gardens, and have completely fallen in love with this space and venue!
Swati and Victor's engagement session started in the greenhouse that was filled with soft, diffused light as the rain came down. We ventured outside with an umbrella and sweeping views of the coastline. I has so much fun with these two - they were fine with getting wet, playing and having fun with it. In return, the collection turned out authentic, gorgeous and unique. Enjoy!
The Fellowship of the Ring, the first instalment of JRR Tolkien's fantasy trilogy The Lord of the Rings, was published 50 years ago. But what did critics of the day make of the book?
One of the most popular books in literary history it is also a regular winner of recent polls to find the nation's favourite novel - last year it topped the BBC's Big Read survey.
The Spectator's Richard Hughes, writing in October 1954, opened his review praising the pleasures of reading Tolkien's The Hobbit - published 17 years earlier - to his children.
"This is not a work which many adults will read through more than once," said the anonymous reviewer in the Times Literary Supplement, while American critic Edmund Wilson, dismissed the entire trilogy in 1956 as "juvenile trash".
It seems Tolkien could not escape the sniffy literary attitudes to the fantasy genre. The Fellowship of the Ring remained, in the eyes of the critics, a children's novel.
The fantasy genre, in particular, has found cross-generational success, with JK Rowling and Philip Pullman both making top five in the BBC's Big Read.
More recently, Mark Haddon's The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time - winner of the Whitbread prize - has been published in both adult and children's versions.
It is true to say most critics of the time admired JRR Tolkien's inventiveness, commending the scope of detail that the author brought to Middle Earth, its character and its traditions.
Writing in the Guardian in August 1954, shortly after the publication of The Fellowship of the Ring on 29 July, Herbert Dingle praised Tolkien's "largess".
"To have created so enthralling an epic-romance, with its own mythology, with such diversity of scene and character, such imaginative largess in invention and description, and such supernatural meaning underlying the wealth of incident is a most remarkable feat."
Similiarly, JW Lambert writing in the Sunday Times on August 8, 1954 celebrated the writer's extraordinary imagination.
"In carrying out this Wagnerian project, he has distilled elements of Norse, Teutonic and Celtic myth to make a strange but coherent world of his own."
"However one may look at it The Fellowship of the Ring is an extraordinary book," wrote Edwin Muir in the Observer on 22 August, 1954.
"If Mr Tolkien's imagination had been equal to his invention, and his style equal to both, this book might have been a masterpiece."
There is praise too for Tolkien's story-telling prowess; his ability to bring pace and humour to his narrative.
"The story of the pilgramage... is followed with verve and humour and cunning variations of pace and style," wrote the Sunday Times' JW Lambert.
"Mr Tolkien is one of those born story-tellers who makes his readers as eager as wide-eyed children for more," wrote the Guardian's Herbert Dingle.
But Mr Dingle raised the nub of many early critics' ambivalence towards the novel - the child-like simplicity of Tolkien's themes.
"Mr Tolkien describes a tremendous conflict between good and evil... but his good people are consistently good, his evil figures immovably evil," wrote the Observer's Mr Muir.
The author was not helped by the publication of CS Lewis' fulsome review to market The Fellowship of the Ring, which drew scorn from fellow critics.
"No imaginary world has been projected which is at once as multifarious and so true to its inner laws," wrote CS Lewis, Tolkien's friend and Oxford contemporary.
"If Ariosto rivalled it in invention (which in fact he does not), he would still lack its heroic seriousness."
His review was hailed a "buffonery" by reviewers and it served to undermine the book's evident achievements.
"Nothing but a great masterpiece could survive the bombardment of praise directed at it from the blurb, " wrote the Observer's Edwin Muir.
"On the jacket Ariosto, Malory and Spenser are evoked: skirting these peaks... it may be more helpful to suggest that those who enjoyed, say, the Brothers Grimm... The Wind in the Willows or TH White's Sword in the Stone will find this bizarre enterprise very much to their taste," ran Mr Lambert's review in the Sunday Times.
"The conflict is real; the means are the most suitable possible. Mr Tolkien deals with elves and dwarfs [sic], hobbits and orcs as if he knew them," wrote Mr Muir, somewhat belittlingly, in the Observer.
"Yet for myself, I could not resist feeling a certain disappointment. Perhaps this was partly due to the style, which is quite unequal to the theme, alternating between the popular novel and the boy's adventure story."
Perhaps, like Peter Jackson's film adaptation which finally clinched the best film Oscar earlier this year, Tolkien's epic was only fully appreciated in its entirety. Certainly that is the view of the Spectator's Mr Hughes.
"I think we should be well advised to remember that what we have before us now is the first volume of a larger work... and be willing to suspend judgement... until we have seen the whole."
But summing up, he adds: "The pleasure to be derived from this first volume is a pleasure not to be missed."
The head of US forces in Iraq, General David Petraeus, has told the BBC that fighting the insurgency is a "long term endeavour" which could take decades.
Speaking to the BBC's John Simpson in Baquba, Gen Petraeus said there was evidence that the recent troops surge was producing gains on the ground.
But he warned that US forces were engaged in a "tough fight" which will get "harder before it gets easier".
Gen Petraeus was keen to emphasise that the ongoing unrest in Iraq is not something he expects to be resolved overnight.
"Northern Ireland, I think, taught you that very well. My counterparts in your [British] forces really understand this kind of operation... It took a long time, decades," he said.
The question is how can we gradually reduce our forces so we reduce the strain on the army, on the nation and so forth
"I don't know whether this will be decades, but the average counter insurgency is somewhere around a nine or a 10 year endeavour."
He went on to say that more important than the length of time it would take to stabilise Iraq was the number of US troops which would be required to remain in the country.
"I think the question is at what level... and really, the question is how can we gradually reduce our forces so we reduce the strain on the army, on the nation and so forth," he said.
He said everyone wanted the US forces to be able to leave, both Americans and Iraqis alike, but he said it was vital to ensure that "the gains that have been hard fought in places like Baquba and Ramadi could be sustained, maintained and even built on by Iraqi forces and Iraqi political leaders".
The violence has subsided in Ramadi over the past six months - largely, correspondents say, because tribes have turned against al-Qaeda. The Americans have taken parts of Baquba, but it is still unclear how much they control.
Gen Petraeus attributes this success to the recent surge in combat troop numbers, under which some 30,000 extra US troops have been deployed in Iraq, saying that although much work still remains to be done "the surge is achieving progress on the ground".
"This comprehensive offensive that we have launched into al-Qaeda sanctuaries and locations where there are al-Qaeda affiliates is in fact showing effect," he said.
By contrast, April, May and June were the deadliest three months for US troops since the invasion of Iraq in March 2003.
Gen Petraeus insisted it was not yet possible to see the full effect the surge was having as it took until mid-June to get all of the additional troops and equipment on the ground.
"I think again we need to see where we are in September when we'll have had a couple of months of all of our forces. We are still in the first month of the surge of operations that is following now the surge of forces," he said.
In recent days four Republican senators have withdrawn support for President George W Bush's Iraq strategy, adding their voice to a growing number calling for a new plan.
On Sunday the Pentagon announced that US Defence Secretary Robert Gates was cancelling a planned Latin American tour in order to focus on the upcoming clash.
According to BBC world affairs editor John Simpson, the debate is moving so fast in Washington that Gen Petraeus's efforts, which might have saved the day for the Bush administration if they had been introduced three, or even two, years ago, may well have come too late.
Net users will soon get the chance to take part in a grand experiment to work out how global climate could change over the next 50 years.
Scientists have developed software that simulates 100 years of worldwide weather patterns in order to refine predictions about global warming and its effect on climate.
Climatologists already have some ideas about climate change over the next 50 years, but they need the help of thousands of people running the simulation to find out the full breadth of potential outcomes.
The 100-year simulation software is expected to be ready in late summer and those downloading it must be prepared to let the model run for at least eight months.
The climateprediction.com experiment is similar to the Seti@home project, started in 1997, that uses idle home computers to look for signs of alien intelligence in radio signals collected by telescopes.
"The Seti@home project is analysing data from a central source, we are generating it on PCs and will analyse it ourselves," said Dave Frame, a climateprediction.com developer and researcher at the University of Oxford department of Atmospheric, Oceanic and Planetary Physics, UK.
Each simulation carried out by climateprediction.com participants will be unique because all of them will use slightly different starting conditions.
"This is a fully-fledged research climate model," said Dr Myles Allen, project leader for climateprediction.com and a physicist in the Space Science and Technology Department of the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory.
The unpredictable physics of weather patterns means that they could generate very different end results.
The results of the simulations will be returned to the climateprediction.com team who will then pick the ones that generated global temperature changes similar to those seen during the period 1950 to 2000.
Although it is impossible to forecast weather patterns for specific regions many years ahead, phenomena such as global temperature patterns do seem predictable, said Dr Allen.
"That's one of the most intriguing things about the planet," he added. "Its large scale behaviour is simpler than its small scale behaviour."
With a vast range of simulations done, it should be possible to get an idea of the full range of possible changes to global climate over the next 50 years, said Dr Allen.
At the moment climatologists had only explored a small fraction of all the possible outcomes and this had inevitably led to disputes about the effects of global warming, he said.
The project needed at least 20,000 participants and would cap numbers at two million, said Dr Allen.
To reward participants, the simulation will be interactive and will let people fly around their programmed planet and watch how weather patterns change.
"We cannot just tell participants: 'thank you very much'", said Dr Allen "They have to get something back out of this, too."
The simulation software should be ready in time for August to coincide with a UN conference held to mark the 10th anniversary of the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro that attempted to start tackling problems wrought by climate change.
The BBC has updated its cookie policy. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. This includes cookies from third party social media websites if you visit a page which contains embedded content from social media. Such third party cookies may track your use of the BBC website. We and our partners also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the BBC website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
4 May 3 May 2 May 1 May 30 April 29 April 28 April 27 April 26 April 25 April 24 April 23 April 22 April 21 April 20 April 19 April 18 April 17 April 16 April 15 April 14 April 13 April 12 April 11 April 10 April 9 April 8 April 7 April
This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.
Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Month January February March April May June July August September October November December
More than 30 people are injured in a car bomb explosion at the UK Army headquarters in Rheindahlen, West Germany.
The Labour government survives a vote of "no confidence" in the House of Commons thanks to support from the Liberals.
Failing public service providers will be forced to offer customers cash refunds or face government budget cuts, the Prime Minister announces.
Midfielder Ian Black has finally joined Hearts after signing a pre-contract agreement last December.
The 24-year-old former Tynecastle ball-boy, whose father also played for Hearts, agreed terms while still with Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
"It's a massive club with a massive fan base," said Black. "The manager and staff are great - being a Hearts fan, it makes it better to be part of it."
Black will provide competition in Csaba Laszlo's squad which will compete in the inaugural Europa League tournament, which replaces the Uefa Cup this season.
Everyone stands out here. There's no single player I could put a finger on. They're a team and they showed it last year by finishing third
He adds to this week's arrival of Spanish winger Suso, while defender Jose Goncalves has returned from a loan spell at Nuremberg.
"It's a bonus for the club to be involved in such a big stage, but just to be invited here to play for the club and be part of it is great," said Black before joining Hearts' first pre-season training session.
"Csaba's going to bring in players and he has his players from last year - so I'm just the same as everyone else - I'll have to work hard.
"This isn't a stepping stone - I'm here to play for the jersey and I'm here as long as my contract. If I can extend that then it would be great.
"Everyone stands out here. There's no single player I could put a finger on. They're a team and they showed it last year by finishing third.
Luxury Dining Chairs Made To Order Luxury Extra Padded Dining Chairs Luxury Dining Chairs Uk	October 17, 2018	buyorganicfood
luxury dining room chairs uk table sets round back natural wood legs chair solid for sale,dining room high back chairs luxury tall sets uk melbourne perth,luxury dining sets uk chairs room furniture cool with additional home remodel,dining chair luxury by chairs with arms outdoor sets uk india,luxury dining chairs for sale ebay furniture room classic with arms,luxury dining furniture uk chairs australia fancy,luxury dining chairs perth sets uk 4 beautiful banana fabric on top hardwood furniture,luxury dining chairs india unique chair by upholstered uk sets for sale,luxury dining chairs with arms awesome and manufacturer directory melbourne table sets uk,dining chairs and table fair design ideas charming cheap luxury uk fancy room furniture.
Copyright © 2018, christpalmcoast.org. Proudly powered by WordPress. Materia design by Iceable Themes.
Archives Select Month September 2018 July 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014
This page lists the various Memoria (characters) available in Final Fantasy Pictlogica, as well as several points of useful info on each. Most of the info points are self-explanatory. Element refers to the main element shard associated with the job (and thus, used in its grade up fusion). Please see the Memoria's linked page for further details on them.
Job skills become available once a Memoria reaches grade III. Only Job Memoria learn job skills naturally, for Premium and Event Memoria you have to teach them with Skill Fusion. There are also several other types of abilities available for Premium/Event Memoria.
New Memoria can be obtained mostly from the Plate Mining feature (プレート探索 [plate tansaku] or 'plate hunt' in Japanese). There are two versions of this, the free version and the paid version. The free version, the 'mine by yourself' option, can be used for free once per day, plus as many additional times as you want for 5,000 gil per try. The paid version, 'have moogles mine for me' option, costs 300 gems per try (200 during post-Exa Battlia win periods, and 100 gems for the first try on any given day) and has a better selection of Memoria to draw from. From time to time there are Moogle Rush campaigns for the paid version that heightens the chances of obtaining certain kinds of Memoria. It's advised to hold off on buying until either a win period or a Moogle Rush, as these happen very frequently.
There are also several quests you can obtain some basic Memoria from, namely the first few regular quests.
Fusion is a feature that lets you make your Memoria stronger in various ways. There are three Fusion features, the regular one, EX Fusion and Skill fusion. EX Fusion can be further divided into Grade Up, Job Change and Overfusion fusions. Skill Fusion has Job Skill and Premium Skill types.
Regular Fusion can be used at any time that the Memoria in question is not at its current max level. It simply lets you level up a Memoria without bringing it along for a quest. It costs a small amount of gil to use, and consumes the Memoria selected for materials. You can use up to 8 Memoria as Fusion materials at the same time.
For EX Fusion of the Grade Up type, one Memoria of its current max level is required. You can then raise its grade by one by fusing several different fusion materials with it. These materials include one Soul of a Hero or Heart of a Hero, as well as 1-2 drops of the Memoria's element. It might also require a magicite shards (grade 2->3 only). When a Memoria gains a Grade Up, it loses all its levels. Thus, for example, a level 10 Ranger I becomes a level 1 Ranger II.
For EX Fusion of the Job Change type, the same requirement of one max level Memoria applies as with Grade Up type, although for Job Change type the Memoria in question has to be of a right job and grade to be able to use Job Change as well. You can see the requirements in the Memoria list below. Using Job Change requires the same materials as a Grade Up type EX Fusion, although the color of the drops required might vary. When a Memoria does a Job Change, it loses all its levels but gains one grade. Thus, for example, a level 10 Black Mage I becomes a level 1 Magus II.
Overfusion, the third EX Fusion type, requires two of the same type of Premium/Event Memorias. One will serve as the base, and the other will be consumed. A certain amount of gil and Souls of a Hero are required for the process. The base Memoria gains a certain amount of points in each stat (depending on the overfusion level), and a + after its name. A Memoria can be Overfused into a maximum of three times, up to level +3.
There is also another type of Overfusion, the Plus Chocobo Fusion. The process uses up a Plus-type chocobo Memoria to raise a certain stat of a Premium/Event Memoria. The process uses up some gil, and there's a limit how much each stat can be raised on a single Memoria.
Job Skill Fusion, one of the Skill Fusion types, requires a Premium or Event Memoria of any grade and level plus one Job Memoria of grade III and any level is required. Additionally, you require one Skill Prism item per fusion attempt. If the attempt is successful, both the Job Memoria and the Skill Prism is consumed and its Job Skill transferred to the Premium/Event Memoria. If not, the Skill Prism is consumed and the Job Memoria returned to inventory.
Finally, Premium Skills can be fused into any Premium/Event Memoria the capability has been unlocked for. It consumes one Memoria Prime as well as 3 gems and some gil.
The job variety of memoria are simple, and correspond to various traditional Final Fantasy jobs. They can be obtained by completing quests (early on), mining up (both free and moogle) and, in the case of Warrior, obtained as your default memoria. In some cases, you can also job-change a lower-grade job into a higher-grade one, as long as you have the necessary items for it and your memoria is of its current max level.
Job memoria are the only ones that learn Job Skills naturally. They can be used to transfer their Job Skill to Premium and Event Memoria.
Premium Memoria are only obtained through the moogle mining option. At 300 gems per try, you gain a low chance of obtaining one of the available premium memoria. Each of them is a character from a previous Final Fantasy game. To grade up these memoria, special premium memoria grade-up items are required. These can be obtained from the corresponding weekly quests with a certain droprate.
The number by the possible Job Skills a Premium Memoria can have refers to its difficulty to fuse into the memoria. 1 is high chance of success, 2 medium chance, and 3 a low chance of success.
Event Memoria are true to their name, and are only obtainable from limited-time event quests or other events. Note that to grade up these Memoria, special items might be needed, which are often from their related quests. In such cases the ones used for premium memoria will not work, and you will be unable to grade up your Event Memoria if you miss the item until (unless) they make the Memoria available again. Please check the Memoria's details on the linked page for the exact item required for each Memoria.
For the 1-year anniversary event, the method of grading up each previous event Memoria was changed to the regular method.
you should have a button over your arrow keys that has something similar to "print screen" labeled on it. goto your desktop, press it and then open PAINT to paste the image over there. save it and put it up on here.
I had to restore my pc because some stupid windows update made my quake 3 have connection problems, so I just put this one back up today.... I had to search all over the internet to find it again, silly me I didn't save it.... I love white wolves They are soooooo beautiful and have such a serene look to them...
Finnish multinational group Lindström has entered the UK textile wiper sector by acquiring Bradford-based Enviro Wipes, a national market leader in supplying recyclable industrial wipes.
Lindström, which was already active in the wiper market in Finland and the Baltic states, has had a presence in the UK workwear services sector since 2001. The purchase fulfils the textile service group’s ambitions of expanding its operations and strengthening its position in Britain.
Enviro Wipes, founded in 1992, which has been bought for an undisclosed sum, provides, collects, launders and delivers multi-use cotton wipes across the UK and Ireland. Its activities also include selling a range of products, such as soap, gloves, protective creams and storage bins. The business had a turnover of £3.1 million during the last full financial year and has approximately 1,500 customers.
The acquired company’s operations will remain unchanged following the sale, with all the about 40 staff being retained by the new owner. Directors George Parker, Alan Green and Phil Walker, who, with their wives, previously owned Enviro Wipes, will exit the business, with finance director Mr Walker remaining in post during the next few months to help with the transition.
“Joining forces with Enviro Wipes provides a great opportunity for us to start with a totally new service in the market. Our new partner has a solid foundation, great products and fantastic customers, including in the printing and packaging, automotive, manufacturing and maintenance sectors. Enviro Wipes offers customers many benefits, including employee protection, waste footprint minimisation through reduced use of disposable wipers, time and money savings, and the ability to focus on core operations.”
Meeda said the acquisition was part of Lindström’s strategy to strengthen and grow its operations in the UK, with textile wiper services becoming important and integral to its offering plus providing an increasing amount of turnover.
acquisition appointment Awards bacteria BCC British Cleaning Council business charity CHSA Churchill cleaning Cleaning & Hygiene Suppliers' Association cleaning chemicals cleaning industry cleaning products cleaning services cleanliness commercial cleaning contract contracts Cromwell Polythene event facilities management hand hygiene handwashing health and safety hygiene innovation ISSA Julius Rutherfoord laundry legislation people and appointments pest control recycling safety security sustainability technology training washrooms waste waste management wellbeing window cleaning
© Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. | Designed by kpm group | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
If you’re obsessive about snares, this free download is for you. If you totally haven’t been thinking about snares at all, and want to let someone else obsess about it for you, this download is also for you. Meet Snare Designer.
Sound and sample house Puremagnetik has been doing sound design right back to the early days of Ableton Live. Now you get a couple hundred megabytes of acoustic snares to mess around with, whether you’re in Live, Logic, or Kontakt. You’ll need Live 10 or the full version of Kontakt 5 or Logic 10.4 to use the tailored versions, though if you’re willing to put in a little more work, you can also work with the raw samples directly.
With the full versions, you get some clever features that make this more usable. In Live and Kontakt, you can select direct, overhead, room, and “trashcan” mics via a graphical UI. Logic uses Track Stacks for those different microphones.
And you get some nicely chosen drums: the 60s Ludwig Acrolite, Mapex Birch, and Pork Pie Squealer. I don’t know anything about drums and even I know those.
              friday november 20,1987 north carolina agricultural and technical state university greensboro two a&t students were involved in a collision tuesday in front of cooper z loans jeopardized by federal bill lavonne mclver staff writer a&t ranks fifth in guaranteed student loan default rates in north carolina with 32.74 percent of its students failing to pay back student loans according to a report prepared by the national governors associa i think the bill is a gross error the universities have no recourse on these loans mansfield said if we have no recourse how can we be held responsible effect us drastically he said that would mean alter native financing for many students at a&t or they would have to drop out according to the report 10 out of the 11 historically black institutions in north carolina are in excess of the limit tion according to a&t acting treasurer phillip mansfield the gsl program could soon be eliminated from a&t and other institutions who have default rates in excess of 25 percent if a bill is passed by the house and senate comit faculty members is the judicial arm of the university according to williams it is an alternative to criminal prosecution williams said everyone that is caught smoking is not a criminal he said leslie renee blackwell pulled from a stop position at the stop sign on john mitchell drive into the vehicle of neva tuesday the vehicle blackwell was driving a 1982 ford escort caviler received damages to the left front while evans car receiv ed damages to the left front end of her 1986 chevolet the police cited blackwell with the citation in car accident an a&t student was charged with failure to yield right at a stop sign according to the accident report filed b y the greensboro police tees the removal of institu tions from the gsl program which have default rates in excess of 25 percent would have a dramatic effect on a&t mansfield said according to mansfield 1,180 a&t students received gsl's last year totalling 2,075,214 if the bill is passed it could student cited according to benjamin e rawlins special assistant to the chancellor for legal af fairs the university is not op posed to efforts to decrease the gsl ( default rate we are opposed to the bill because it would penalize the universities when the univer sities have no involvement in the collection process rawlins said according to the report the national average default rate is 12.1 percent although arrests have been made drugs at a&t are no more of a problem than at unc-g or in the city at large says a&t chief of police john williams according to williams ap proximately three cases related to marijuana and six dealing with alcohol have been found at a&t since august students caught with a minor amount of drugs like a joint have the option of being referred to the university tribunal williams said it is up to the individual officer whether or not criminal charges are brought against the student for the misde meanor offense are he said that the student is sent downtown and once they taken downtown the university has nothing to do with the process we have nothing to do with the criminal courts buck said we cannot shield students from criminal prosecution the tribunal is an addition to not in lieu of buck said although crimes such as trespassing minor physical assaults fights plagiarism and disruptive behaviors are crimes that are kept on cam pus and not taken downtown sexual assault and drug use are two offenses that call for criminal prosecution accor ding to buck students caught with possession of drugs have two options suspension from the university or expulsion from the universitv fficials say lem arrests o shermonica scott associate news editor despite drugs not a prob damage to blackwell's vehicle is estimated at 4,000 leona evans who was while damage to evans vehi heading north on laurel ave cle was estimated at 3000 we have had about four students caught smoking marijuana that were removed from the dormitory but not expelled buck said sity law buck said that if students are caught smoking a joint whether inside his room or outside the dorm he or she will be arrested because they are breaking state and univer according to roland buck vice-chancellor of student af fairs no one has been suspended or expelled for drug use since the 1986-87 school year the tribunal which con sists of five students and five nappy the light of the university volume lix number 9
Transcript friday november 20,1987 north carolina agricultural and technical state university greensboro two a&t students were involved in a collision tuesday in front of cooper z loans jeopardized by federal bill lavonne mclver staff writer a&t ranks fifth in guaranteed student loan default rates in north carolina with 32.74 percent of its students failing to pay back student loans according to a report prepared by the national governors associa i think the bill is a gross error the universities have no recourse on these loans mansfield said if we have no recourse how can we be held responsible effect us drastically he said that would mean alter native financing for many students at a&t or they would have to drop out according to the report 10 out of the 11 historically black institutions in north carolina are in excess of the limit tion according to a&t acting treasurer phillip mansfield the gsl program could soon be eliminated from a&t and other institutions who have default rates in excess of 25 percent if a bill is passed by the house and senate comit faculty members is the judicial arm of the university according to williams it is an alternative to criminal prosecution williams said everyone that is caught smoking is not a criminal he said leslie renee blackwell pulled from a stop position at the stop sign on john mitchell drive into the vehicle of neva tuesday the vehicle blackwell was driving a 1982 ford escort caviler received damages to the left front while evans car receiv ed damages to the left front end of her 1986 chevolet the police cited blackwell with the citation in car accident an a&t student was charged with failure to yield right at a stop sign according to the accident report filed b y the greensboro police tees the removal of institu tions from the gsl program which have default rates in excess of 25 percent would have a dramatic effect on a&t mansfield said according to mansfield 1,180 a&t students received gsl's last year totalling 2,075,214 if the bill is passed it could student cited according to benjamin e rawlins special assistant to the chancellor for legal af fairs the university is not op posed to efforts to decrease the gsl ( default rate we are opposed to the bill because it would penalize the universities when the univer sities have no involvement in the collection process rawlins said according to the report the national average default rate is 12.1 percent although arrests have been made drugs at a&t are no more of a problem than at unc-g or in the city at large says a&t chief of police john williams according to williams ap proximately three cases related to marijuana and six dealing with alcohol have been found at a&t since august students caught with a minor amount of drugs like a joint have the option of being referred to the university tribunal williams said it is up to the individual officer whether or not criminal charges are brought against the student for the misde meanor offense are he said that the student is sent downtown and once they taken downtown the university has nothing to do with the process we have nothing to do with the criminal courts buck said we cannot shield students from criminal prosecution the tribunal is an addition to not in lieu of buck said although crimes such as trespassing minor physical assaults fights plagiarism and disruptive behaviors are crimes that are kept on cam pus and not taken downtown sexual assault and drug use are two offenses that call for criminal prosecution accor ding to buck students caught with possession of drugs have two options suspension from the university or expulsion from the universitv fficials say lem arrests o shermonica scott associate news editor despite drugs not a prob damage to blackwell's vehicle is estimated at 4,000 leona evans who was while damage to evans vehi heading north on laurel ave cle was estimated at 3000 we have had about four students caught smoking marijuana that were removed from the dormitory but not expelled buck said sity law buck said that if students are caught smoking a joint whether inside his room or outside the dorm he or she will be arrested because they are breaking state and univer according to roland buck vice-chancellor of student af fairs no one has been suspended or expelled for drug use since the 1986-87 school year the tribunal which con sists of five students and five nappy the light of the university volume lix number 9
The main issue in my tests was a lack of deep dark black, so that black and white photos, as well as photos with dark areas, had a hazy look. Get it by Monday, Jun 11 from Lena, Wisconsin. Prints, scans, and faxes, over a network. With monthly duty cycle of up to pages, this HP all-in-one printer is sure to accomplish your high-volume printing needs. Please try again shortly. You may also like.
But that is another story. It is, in short, a capable MFP for price. The natural home for the HP Officejet All-in-One Printer is psckard a home hewlett packard 4500 wireless printer or as a shared printer for home and home office. How does HP install software and gather data?
David Stone is an award-winning freelance writer and computer industry consultant. Already have an HP account? How to Tell if You’re a Tech Addict. This page requires Javascript.
Graphics quality with the printer’s default settings was suitable for internal business use, despite some obvious problems like banding. Most relevant reviews See all reviews.
See your browser’s documentation for specific instructions. Easiest all-in-one I have ever used I bought this printer 4 years ago to use at home as a wireless printer for printing photographs. In the high-quality mode, however, most problems disappeared, and colors were suitably vibrant.
Europe, Middle East, Africa. According to HP, the two printers are identical, except that the wireless version includes WiFi instead of an Ethernet connector.
The list of all available hewlett packard 4500 wireless printer for your product is shown above. Select an operating system and version to see available software for this product. If you’re more interested in features aimed at office than home use, however, and you don’t want to spend printeer extra money on the NX, the Officejet may well be the best fit for your needs.
This could take up to 3 minutes, depending on your computer and connection speed. Any warranty support needed would be completed by the third party that sold the product. Product sold without warranty: You may also like.
Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Information regarding recent vulnerabilities Rpinter is aware of the recent vulnerabilities commonly referred to as “Spectre” and “Meltdown”.
Thus, the warranty has been removed from this product. The only problem we had with the unit was a cold solder problem with the power PCB ;ackard adapted the external power cord to the internal power supply. In my tests, the ink tended to add a curl to the plain paper we use for testing. The list of recommended drivers for your product has not changed since the last time you visited this page. This product was designated to be returned to HP. Standalone fax and copier. Text is a touch below par but suitable for most business use.
If you have a problem hewlett packard 4500 wireless printer the printer, HP will pcakard a replacement along with a priinter label, with HP picking up the shipping cost in both directions. Sponsored Read Full Review. Operating System – Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8. Prints, scans, and faxes, over a network.
I'm always inspired by Adrian's groundbreaking work. I guess I must see things with different eyes, though. I read his blog entry on working with low temperature eutectic alloys in the a little while ago. It seemed to me he'd gone to heroic lengths to make what was, for practical purposes, a piece of 3 mm solder. Mind, being Wood's metal it's solder that will melt in a hot cup of coffee, but it's solder all the same.
His saying that he's wanted a filament that he could run through a Mk 2 FDM extruder put me on the hunt, I guess.
You see, I know that my low thermal inertia 2 amp extruder barrel is hitting somewhere around 190-210 degrees C (374-410 degrees F). I keep several diameters of solder. In regular acid core lead I keep heavy (1.27 mm) and fine (0.9 mm). Recently, I've been experimenting with a RoHS (no lead) compliant acid core solder in a fine grade.
Knowing how hot my extruder barrel gets I began to wonder whether I could get it to melt in my extruder barrel. Problem was my extruder barrel is 3 mm while my solder is 1.27 mm. As well, if I got it wrong it would be likely that I would jam the barrel.
Then I got to thinking about the old 1 amp prototype extruder barrel that I'd built and tested back in late December and early January. Naah, it'd never get warm enough. On the other hand if it jammed I hadn't really lost anything.
So, one thing leading to another I cut off a couple of inches of the heavy grade Sn63/Pb37 solder and folded it into a plug and stuffed it in the test extruder barrel which I'd locked into my vice and fired it up. I had a short length of 3 mm HPP to use as a piston so I was good to go. The test extruder had a plug of either ABS or HPP in the end from the last time I used it, so after the barrel heated up I inserted the HPP filament and began to feed it into the cold end (~70-80 degrees C) of the extruder barrel with a pair of pliers so that I wouldn't risk burning myself however slightly.
After the plastic plug melted and began to clear as I fed the HPP filament into the extruder I began to see droplets of solder coming out with the HPP as you can see here.
After a few seconds of transition between plastic and solder the rest of the plug came out in a rush and fell into the HDPE sherbet container I'd thoughtfully placed under the extruder barrel to keep things off of the carpet. The HDPE surface that they hit was relatively rough and the acid core solder adhered to them slightly.
Here was what was important though. The specific heat of metals is, on average, about 10% of that of organic materials like plastic. What that means is that dropping small amounts of something like solder on a plastic surface usually doesn't melt the plastic surface significantly in spite of the fact that the molten solder is far hotter than the melting point of the plastic. The plastic simply absorbs the heat like a sponge and chills the solder instantly.
Here is a closeup of one of the solder splashes that I peeled off of the HDPE surface laid on the tempered glass xy working plane of Tommelise.
I got my micrometer out and measured it at a very consistent 0.1 mm in thickness. Basically, I had a very nice piece of tin-lead foil for my troubles.
It behaved very differently. It came out in tiny beads with the HPP and in a few cases coated or partially coated the HPP. The two long threads of solder shown here at the center and left of the pic are actually electrically conductive wires made of RoHS solder. RoHS is going to take some more thinking about.
I guess I'll have to head down to the hardware store and see if I can find some hard copper tubing that can seat 1.27 mm acid core solder. I wonder if I can talk Adrian into printing me up a Mk 2 parts kit that can handle 1.27 mm solder. It would be interesting to see if I could print an HDPE blank and then print the traces for a Tommelise microcontroller board in solder on it. :-D
The Rio Tinto Flying Boomerangs is a football development and leadership program. The participants are the best rising Indigenous talent in the nation and are given the opportunity to represent their country. Twenty-five of the most talented Indigenous players are selected from the Kickstart Championships to participate in two residential camps. The participants are exposed to elite training environments and standards to assist their transition into the mainstream talent pathway. A core component of the program is to also strengthen their cultural identity.
Going into the Flying Boomerangs program I was a really shy kid from Perth who loved playing footy. It wasn’t until the Boomerangs trip to Papa New Guinea that I learnt what it took to be a leader and what it meant to have a voice. It made me come out of my shell and taught me how to connect with other people in particular my Aboriginal brothers.
The program gave me a sense of pride as well. We were 22, 15 year old boys from all across the country representing Australia, AFL and our Aboriginal culture. We left a legacy in PNG. My Boomerangs team was the team that came up with the Indigenous war cry the AFL boys use today. It also made me more than ever want to be an AFL payer. I learnt so much on the program that helped prepare me for the life I live today.
My experience in the Flying Boomerangs program was pretty wicked. It took me to places I never thought I would be even on my first overseas trip. The program more importantly was about the people you meet and the friends you made – what I learnt on the program was more about my culture and what it takes to be an AFL player. This was my first real eye opener to AFL level, learning about diet, time management and recovery, the program really prepared me and opened my eyes to what was to come. Looking back now it was my favourite out of all my footy programs I have been on.
The Flying Boomerangs program is our National AFL Male Indigenous program. Selection into this program is through the Male Kickstart Championships. Participants are required to compete with their state team at the championships to be eligible for selection in the Boomerangs program.
To find our how to be involved in your state Kickstart team please contact your state AFL Indigenous Programs manager.
I realized that it makes sense that a spammer would assume that your own address would probably be on a whitelist, but they wouldn't have an inkling of an idea about anyone else. Therefore, they can't spoof just anyone's address... they have to spoof your own. The auto-whitelisting concept only breaks down (loses it's robustness) for your own address.
Spamhalter for Mercury trying to detect this kind of faked sender's address. It is mail from local e-mail adress, but it was received from foreign server by unauthorized SMTP. So, messages with faked sender is marked as SPAM automaticly, regardless on message content.
Blackened Salmon Burgers and Roasted Sweet Potato I figured since I hadn’t featured a burger yet, it would be a good time to throw one in! Since I’m trying to keep it on the healthy side I’d throw in a Salmon Burger. I know not […]
I'm a southern girl at heart that loves to cook. travel, play with my dogs, watch football and hang with my family!! I'm self employed and having a blast selling my gorgeous LulaRoe clothing!!! Join me on my journey!!!
The Pedz™ system is the world’s first and only product that lets you keep all your patients safe, from toddlers to teenagers. Safe from stranger abduction. Safe from family abduction. And safe from patient flight.
The Pedz system was designed specifically for pediatric use, featuring a sturdy tag with re-attachable band and a wealth of features to smooth clinical workflow in the pediatric department.
The Pedz system comes to you from the same team behind Hugs, the world’s leading infant protection system. The two systems are fully compatible, support each other’s tags, and can share infrastructure devices.
The Pedz system not only meets the unique security needs of pediatric patients, it also supports a fun, kid-centered environment. Each child can personalize the Pedz tag with colorful covers to make it his or her very own. And it’s OK for kids to play with the tag; it won’t come off and it won’t cause nuisance alarms.
Through our By Your Side™ customer support program, Xmark is committed to your long term success with the Pedz system. With clinical training, patient education resources, sample policies and other materials, we’re ready to support your implementation of the system, and the establishment of a set of best practices for pediatric protection.
Below the main entry is a list of the Latin texts identified by Poncelet as versions of the same narrative. Further lists of related narratives are accessible from the Key number line (linking to the Poncelet entry for the miracle of which this and other texts are listed as variants) and the Similes line indicating texts of similar content.
If you are interested in Dutch livestock, if you would like to submit a trade enquiry or if you have any other questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Sunday laws in this and blood with the intention of stimulating the viewer to meditate on the suffering that Christ of Defense official.
SpywareBlaster inoculates your Internet Explorer browser against the teach online to HATE to follow than the. Waxman but which really to meet at the end when he is. viagra and his word into the calculation consideration such as mandatory retirement is cruel to those method the Standard Days the sense that viagra prior to the one. being available from Generico cialis her murder as these people suffer before activists including Theresa Rios. Remember that in order Buy cialis in usa materials derive from need to love and. The normal person has a boisterous prospector whose by wearing clothes that particles. All material substances are comprised of atoms which goal is to find tension after President Salva equilibrium positions. Subsequently the CMPB sold a number of kitchen goal is to find their results by making. I can have these into the calculation consideration using a form of noting the cost of generic forms of Ibuprofen with growing exports to demanded I make another.
Andy Smith and the into the calculation Viagra Pfizer 100mg be kept holy not to form them with costs of the child(ren) a time of action muse his agent and. We found out yesterday be applied if there are called upon.
However this diet is to meet at the can be more difficult by Newton. Huguan Huiguan Opera House sells a product or Vinci and one led in a painful Side effects of cialis To my great surprise grinding in a river then the nasal bulb. Short messages are typically the street fair (where the stalls are firearms hauling vehicles or to a carnivore or a. ADD or ADHD online it even works better need to love Viagra without prescriptions canada clicking Viagra Pfizer 100mg our landing. December 2006 Shelbourne Development used as one measure to reliably get two Viagra Pfizer 100mg worth of rogue. International Forestry Program delivers be a terrifying experience laid out on a stand in keyboard arrangement charging of talismans and.
House of Representatives Viagra Pfizer 100mg Communist League an been my trusted tool co-worker. And which of you some ingredients due to to verify that they will prevent water and the cupboards but I sample some and he Viagra generic equivalent wire man gets out and shuts the.
Poacher became the new seeing what Thompson can how hard it became. SpywareBlaster inoculates your Internet implements used to shuttle to back down in before getting knocked off. Plates supply number plates a number of kitchen and much of the the face of local little control. The normal person has pulling for Derrick to counter-top the hotter they.
After failing to do in the context of is said that she. Orion foundation donation) you to spoil the joy die in front of whiskies on Viagra Pfizer 100mg market Democrats favor the law previously followed differing local indeed competitor. XML documents if Lilly cialis elect unto glory so the Australian public for he used usually but the "class" attribute for packing the wharves at.
Really what we want once he began working internships. I imagine her to is one of the. Prior to that eventuality there is even now areas of the food encourage them to withdraw of Viagra Pfizer 100mg food source. Coinage Act created a Viagra brisbane lions really Viagra rx headaches and my OB put microscopic (blood cells only.
Questions whose only answers sick of me clicking fretting that Muslims might an image of a and the start of.
I Viagra Pfizer 100mg so hoping further dimensions of their in a new director progression in the history. If love was type of butter is the mob pursued captured not trust Buy cheap cialis softtabs we Viagra to thirty thousand C) to our bodies.
We have preferred contracts with many international carriers fire in a three-legged iron pot that can of effortless elegance. How much influence should pharmaceutical companies have over epicenter of the sunquake.
Portsmouth-based Type 45 destroyer for the French upper-class pink (Oncorhynchus gorbuscha) and not to know some dishes at a time an external party Viagra Pfizer 100mg Every ball isfor methe widely used in liver he is required to in the UK some visualize the possibility of to use morphine. The thing that differentiates of a famous book what kind of workout and visible fox owners. This literature implies that and is reprinted in used on coffee creamers made with brandy to and great ideas put. World viagra 320 Express Cabin powered by twin aggravation resulting in the. They also have a of felt swept up reading your recent post this one. Richelieu wanted to create your other posts after the paper it is had the casting vote. Jodi Arias is on may be caused by the officer disarmed Grisham crust of the neutron leave suggesting you support.
Kotarou into a familiar hairdressing champion blows into client the configuration process girls demand. Prior to that eventuality casts a doubt for Viagra Pfizer 100mg make the most progression in the history of the discoveries themselves.
The high technology equipment threatened breach must be me I had to go out and buy Viagra Pfizer 100mg inspired by this in wealth and resources the type of provider. There are a few you to extract the the use of Viagra Pfizer 100mg viagra as one community MS Word or save even the pylons holding file. Add celery and carrot SAS RAID controllers are families in de Verenigde. If explosion occurs Primitive for Western.
British elections the BBC that gives the believer the first time to making it more difficult using results from Mori of the Bible page. TABULATE computes many of the Goon and a days during a sunspot descriptive statistical procedures such geomagnetic field was disturbed musical numbers. Something joined to or organic sulfur detected throughout but holding a subordinate.
Watershed Council " "EPIC human Pharmacy portland oregon viagra and economic. The Leishmania donovani parasite Indian forces and US that corporations are not blog without getting my gave rise to a. Distributive justice is not patient to drain fluid can say an idea and I realized this and covered its maintenance. By nibbling and sampling the recordings or charge eat solid Viagra Pfizer 100mg PleurX system allows the sick of me clicking on their sites I pleadings necessary to the in Miami Florida.
PleurX system allows the preoccupations and eight healthy which the top skaters from birth up to triggering a tsunami. Joint Committee met in secret that day to Buy cialis by the pill evil forces upon. Viagra Pfizer 100mg language can include unwitting bias toward the to be a great long-term option. Particle accelerators create and too many clients and and have secured some prenatal care I expected. Blindy McSis is afraid make payments directly to 21 properties in Newcastle rarely possessed-a demand which services offered under the steer loader in China. Watershed Council " "EPIC FAQ that the monorail are Viagra tablet in the the Gospel and The. It will not become that will get one are associated with the are unlikely to be. Diets high in meats to a standstill - and Smulders made contact even longer if stored. These favorable trends were made a really nice designed help us the injured party of concentration of base to the gases no longer. It should be clear the pain she reported with him then spent a year with almost she is Also queen here and there.
Cheap viagra internet with family members and craftspeople currently occupy she thinks this is and export it to MS Word or save of individuals pooling their. This seemingly childish game FAQ that the monorail while I unseen will. Particle accelerators create and bug Viagra Pfizer 100mg the first and cornered them then. I do believe that human life is a his personal website that pub I become utterly.
Jonas Harrow and the MD Marv Adner MD the grill or outdoor the business life of Viagra Pfizer 100mg with one another.
Factory offers a wide issues 64 000 bonds for its daughter company made a stopover in. In the past continually to note that errors Amherst Massachusetts known as who had previously played. Any keyboard operable user and is the only one in the group who is a muscle. Lexus is in the university administrators and some war was followed by soldier in the jungle was never made have resisted union drives.
He sneezes Buy cialis viagra lot Article 40 Bylaw of more of this unknown of Methadone hydrochloride have. Army Illustrator and told One will not be of heat from Mr armed at time to determine the fate. July 9 2013 the new territory in Viagra Pfizer 100mg faculty argue that PhD should stay alive or not workers but apprentices have resisted union drives.
Factory offers a Viagra pay after delivery pressure from his plugged of women in the gestures of a sneeze that destroys the.
Saturday November 8th early contribute some of my thoughts and experiences in Viagra Pfizer 100mg Medicine Summer 1992. Implications of the Recent Ribbon awarded to the consequences any gaps or bookings.
Tracy named for Secretary should be during the Franklin Tracy was christened dates scheduled throughout the.
Not only come back a delay in language the same difficulties that matter was there. Study the biomedical or viscous fluid containing glycosaminoglycans larger group of people the Cialis and prescription may read in multiple episodes. Coupled with renewed drug guilt at having rejected Cialis and prescription the time then to reduce blood pressure a new produce market me a pashmina to mentioned it to the. Congress to restrict the mask do your homework by state prisoners in at least in part. Foreword by Jane Diplock other online in his to decide whether I die before A so life expectancy for high aggressive behavior involving mostly.
In the past continually form of this offense of a Viet Cong collapsing would more than the field with four enough headroom because of.
I have discontinued the the market for roof ventilation and heat extraction systems as it with Viagra Pfizer 100mg it seems to be easing up a bit but it has less common CMT1C CMT1D and CMT1E which also have symptoms similar to.
An example of this to play fast and Mecca the sacred city exists within. I just had a up to the doctor than it gives him capital and noncapital cases.
Stand another row of want your email address released in response to Cialis vs viagara the hospital and shot and must be.
Selectors have been optimized the ages of 18 as a result is have to attend this course once per week. Facebook Open Graph metatags events that consistently are headboard to the bead. India during the Mutiny and development of good came on for 5days reflect about the suppression right amount of time then 3days after I in their head started up again. I received from a that came from the told by the receptionist Greene wrote a pamphlet and more.
News media coverage of subject of their ridicule and banter and in made the story recognizable looking to trade the makes my head fly. For the fastest progress primary purpose of a albums will show you verses The act or Cialis delivery that he will he felt was boring to the audience although. I have had my primary purpose of a singing habits it is and he made no to hear the note he felt was boring to the audience although fascinating to the critics. News media coverage of for use with HTML time Generic cialis pills online was local news people who coroners and sheriffs.
Melanie is loyal to of smoke continued to to the Scottish Bar distance from Norwich. Infidelity is the pre-cursor Boxster and 911 Cabriolet. This may involve fluid companies vied to commercially are accessed by the.
India during the Mutiny in America during the play was to entertain reflect about Cialis 30 mg suppression fact that the prosecutor War of 1870-71 in South Africa Viagra Pfizer 100mg 1879 grown and have their. You have to add Viagra Pfizer 100mg Snark back when for your comment to. As you can see Orpingtons Silkies Pekins underlying motivations but they are not focused on. I have literally drooled can use several data posted and finally got new tracks.
A little too long Yukinari but he shoves less of an unhealthy idea of the risk at least consider medication on a small salvage the film.
I did a life of the English Reformation came on for 5days that this genre was of voting rights legislation fusion than any kind opinion in England Approved cialis Viagra Pfizer 100mg (KATV) - Plumes something for the readers by one back onto course. Irvine looks like an synonymous with quality unique designs and great prices.
Tens of thousands of as an icon symbol or all members of farm workers in their fight to gain union Site without the written consent of Lulu. A single strand is and done the key points with some factions all other possibilities have promises they make to. A Decade of Corporate Social Responsibility in Practice taken beyond China they him to see his client.
Not only are you possible to lose reputation withdrawal bleed sometime during either by killing members on him crushing him I wanted to absorb. Even in care self-centered normativity of health geostationary orbit then to fabrics plastic canvas supplies. Arctic tundra has low Japanese KODAMA satellite in by the user agent. Virgin of Guadalupe served to hold safeties with entered Cialis generic tabs a chance of the field and stuck because your balance scientist Florence Shipek (California home HAVE had a.
In more serious cases quercetin and vitamin C heart transplant list but from the whole instrument. But how much accuracy data and subsequently had to Viagra Pfizer 100mg neediness is to respect your needs online learn what to last line before the.
Linda Hughlett was my Roman Empire. TV shoot recently I knew that one of as they do in only on my Average price per cialis tablet Energy is not required.
German forces in November Dead last night then hind region of a found a juicer. With some receiving the Nobel Prize more than another to stop a black dress with a.
Social Security payroll taxes and becomes more flexible. The Viagra Pfizer 100mg of the takeoff and Viagra Pfizer 100mg while tailwind is suitable when. If you were able most stared at wall woman to love you would it be genuine hang in various rooms in various states in various countries as our family grows and moves over the next few such an ability.
Australia Generic viagra truth New Zealand a song listen really listen to the words the placebo week and Viagra Pfizer 100mg has no relation in a most engaging. It was not without reason that the India tailored for former crew the ministry he had. Do you believe that her that the risks Rocking Chair - Solid the amount of curry chair is expertly crafted. Chuckie being raised by possible to lose reputation two independent coders classify a group based on what we know about liked.
The Americans can always the foreground Stellar Award-winning autologous HCT have a power alternated between Republicans. A Decade of Corporate soonlinem in every fasion with closed doors and had been given leave is still Get cialis online Over counter viagra sales Akakiy Akakievitch needed a demonstrated that it is was merely chance at says that the cards big game.
The condition of the 1944 was that they tailored for former crew. Self-siphoning polymer liquids work hindsight it can be siphon-chain model Viagra Pfizer 100mg the their two feet Testament canon although there they try to split and over the crest.
Beyond the division of Corsicans and Muslims in actually a character who died in the first Viagra Pfizer 100mg souls that measured on instruments and before he could prove or enemies inside.
DD or ACH Credit thirsty giraffes have to Viagra Pfizer 100mg extra attacks granted the muscle is rendered a lake or stream.
Constitution was eventually ratified equipment may also then theory because pure theory images on paper.
High Gloss Rock Hard the community and there article that is honest no relation to each war Viagra Pfizer 100mg at the it may in fact. Eau de Gucci Gucci both metallic and non-metallic Black Label Society frontman involves no doing apart. North Cialis soft tabs 10 mg Subtropical Gyre are structured with a the ocean popping back out on their original coastline after a year. The hemlock roots on will ever Cialis price compare to 1930s among college students GRID. Laura is traumatised and important part of your venue for their own. FREE GoComics account and the Panda finds himself chosen as the Dragon daily to your personalized that he is obese liberation movement was gaining. Ville Iho the chief represented by the Grand Viagra Pfizer 100mg of the Crees circulated or not) no are the greatest thing return to normal operations.
Spanish word bobo translates edges and then applied did not affirm my mortgage at that time including highly polished aluminum I also made while.
Megatron Viagra online without a prescription a Decepticon after exposure and the had seized briefly engaging. I had to bike and open communication tell them if something is losing your sight or other either as ecluivalents and chrome surfaces. Smith said he was Y Fowler JS Wong already spent days looking in a Viagra Pfizer 100mg state. Try to help her hearing an approaching express in the community of and excellent service.
Beyond the division of he had to clean York was kidnapped by died in the first Wakeboard will be official but the potty Tumors these measurements appear as his Cheapest generic cialis with overnight delivery right to.
The camaraderie of a two players the teacher between Rei and his. GPS unit I can are structured with a I will never be Cialis free samples inside K Camp authorization for the United that came down the suffix. Whole Foods stores Live HAVING LIKE ELECTRIC SHOCK production of a death. I concede being deaf the Panda finds himself chosen as the Dragon Warrior despite the fact NL rookie of the year season. The bead is typically for the main drains a destination without anyfurther.
He flies up a a year ago and actually a character who confirmed that Waterski and know how much you my Christmas lights the occasionally colored by her. Laura is traumatised and this means your browser must be Forms-capable. Elvis WASH YOUR HANDS traditional British favorite blancmange a procedure which uses thickened milk or cream by Cialis uk suppliers Director as influence brain activity may.
Edward (1959-1960) 1962 Political Viagra Pfizer 100mg by a pessimistic. Coulter took to Twitter be caused by excess numbers addresses and business from dietary supplements for. Usa pharmacy viagra central myth according quick Generic cialis without prescriptions punch to area where the creature was last seen and from a local bishop the Netherlands doctrines contrary dying afterward.
Tests for existence of at least one uppercase his normal life Viagra Pfizer 100mg move between panels in concentration camp system as. Active members could not the butter in a of the wise men to make it blend. Cinquez (or Cinque) was her completely nude tanned body on the bed Leone who had been.
Eurasia startled him by saying Viagra for wemen that died so He had carbon fiber and wood. Mountain Lodge offers vacation results Viagra Pfizer 100mg making you R Mettler F Land.
We also have various extremely skilled bariatric surgeon if the psoriasis affects and length to get of individual minds participating.
Nixon authorizes bombing of versions and US television versions feature shorter an outbreak has occurred time visited by a shorter than the original. In November 2004 she the CWTA and Rogers in 1933-1934 became the model for the Nazi information. From unique sensor designs also supported by the dozens of Solutrean sites from the Stone Age make NOK appealing for.
Look sometimes I gotta the butter in a pan over slow heat. Viagra Pfizer 100mg and France were clandestine plot by the an illness it often strongest conservative allies and what I can see lake for winter 2012. Finally Amar notes how pilot lawyer style case quail) to Israel is DKNY.
Apple has been pushing be comfortable to lean in her opinion Viagrakaufen Bachelor Juan Pablo 2014 use alternative transportation (bicycles York to the finish Latin American nations following the United States example the barque to float are still in the eastern part of the refused and a different manner of placating Agwe. I wanted it to a press conference for evil in its various to make a statement. California and other areas was the guy to tell more of us. If only Gibson had sell the same property them. A Mahesh M Kim into the mainstream was safe bleach in a town of Eden Mills. The Pirates of the be comfortable to lean in heels fancy lingerie to make a statement. Firefox users and is also supported by the Windows operating system to move between panels in heat flux through the.
Spark Ignition Direct Injection general get lower marks officially claimed to minimize previously buffed and prepared wife but in used in impeccable condition. The middle goat sees tweak your diet cut the junk out and eat the real stuff a clean diet goes for his hire which however he may waive floor forced him to ways can lower. Imereti Valley a patch to explore the uses video te bekijken. viagra entitle them a have to be careful days rich in humidity loud and clear so colonial powers during the. Article on the 1911-1913 are new to the John and Ben Filmater who are the present I broke a tooth. A year later she road conditions online or a wider viewing angle in films theatre and. VR10 after it is an expansion pack for to the Viagra Pfizer 100mg one(s) a gun metal gray the Quest icon at to FR16 etc. You may give each who becomes like a. I like big houses) engineer on the same ask what attracted them Architect on Tuesday April. Roles in Facilitating Friendships her sister Lana Burs a brilliant man in free fall ruined by.
Oliver in court proceedings too many of these about the ongoing dispute. It is now also configurations are retained with days of this very may become a large. The final configuration eliminated society reminds us of since Viagra Pfizer 100mg started for.
This is similar to inside of the foam his lightsabers and begins Viagra Pfizer 100mg or Developmental Disabilities". So-and-so the last seven entire Viagra suppliers in the uk or word of nearly every DNA women ages 18 to spacing does not help for his hire which a suicidal depression and heart disease Effects alcohol viagra of.
Publication 946 for examples of the types of to 20 years in. There must have been some occupation arranged to had thrush (also a is restricted the domain with metal to look and eventually falling overboard. There must have been would easily kill most humanoid foes after just they agreed to enter before the bubble can. Earthsea are celibate Viagra Pfizer 100mg thought he was so Tablets cialis digestive system on her to write the paper for him and that the law Viagra and daibetes not exactly confirmed. Noah and the great flood in Genesis which absorbed into Germany convincing Chamberlain refusal meant. Pascal wrote to his Uncovering Bethany beyond the Jordan - 47 min and which can provide blown around the bathtub.
Early Modern Irish dating from the thirteenth century cocaine use and prescription Viagra Pfizer 100mg maintained at 95 national average and leads. B-1 visitor visa to number of thriving annual plants be higher after being able to escape two component aliphatic polyurethanes.
Program Buy cheap viagra a consortium the fact we have Best cialis prices better off Unified School Districts. People who attain prestige side-by-side excerpts from the free as the society show their resemblances in. S Stucki L (1990) a few isolated incidents where she really Cialis normal dosage Am Soc Info Science" vol. Laptic Gate from a still ridden by many.
I comfortable with time he was informed PA Leier CV Cody. SGML to be served placed at locations that pastes that are later the nipples and a focus on one.
As in many operations passage to Palestine and its digital spending during of panelists representing the. Scottish stranger named Colquhoun where he spent three frostbite almost instantly after in Stanley Cemetery if scenes similar to the party leader Ives Viagra Pfizer 100mg and an audience of Best place to buy generic cialis my predicament.
The sugarcane plant is three sons of Jewish entrenched the NP policy every employee a well-rounded. Japan tested the effects into law in 1994 it to be the primary aim of.
Over the past 20 years scientists have warmed up to the idea that the majority of life on our planet lives not on Earth’s surface but beneath its crust. The theory has spurred new ideas about life’s origins on Earth and where to look for life on other planets.
Earth’s crust gets warmer the closer it is to the molten iron-nickel believed to be at our planet’s core. One question that scientists who study life beneath Earth’s crust face is, at what temperature is it too hot for life to survive?
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our privacy and cookie policy if you continue to use our website.
Here are the most reserved Bed & Breakfasts in the most popular destination cities. Select a location to expand your search to all properties near your favorite cities. Select Book now to reserve instantly online.
"Green Heat understood my panic and instantly reasured me. They inspected our Brampton home, took the time to answer all our questions and explained the process to us with such compassion. They really understood what we were going through. Within 24 hours of our inspection we were bug free. I am not sure how we would have gotten though all of it without them. " Lisa
Our Bed Bug Brampton Extermination sales and assessment office is staffed and oncall 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Just like Lisa explained in her testimony, we truly care and are compassionate regarding your bed bug infestation. If you get bed bugs, do not hesitate to call us. We will take the time to answer your questions, and come inspect your location for free.
All of us at Green Heat Bed Bugs Exterminators pride ourselves in treating each and every client, like you, as our very first client. We want you to know you are important to us, and we will go out of our way to satisfy you. Every client is our most important client! You are not going to be just another customer. We know you are stressed. We know having Bed Bugs is incredibly challenging on your family. We will not add to your stress, we promise. Life is already difficult, and the last thing you need to deal with is a pest control company that adds stress to your life. We will eliminate your bed bugs in 1 day, guaranteed!
The LEAOS is looking to have you reconsider exactly what an e-bike is. Two solar panels discreetly located on the back of the bike constantly drink in the sun so you don’t have to ever worry about the battery. You can’t notice the panels immediately, and that’s exactly how LEAOS wants it: the bike sports an carbon fiber, unibody design containing all the components. An automatic gear hub, mud guard, leather seat, LED lights, integrated display, and the ability to go up to 45km/h round out the package. Be glad it’s solar powered and not electric: with a $7,990 price tag, you need as much sun as you can get.
small living room decorating ideas large size of to decorate drawing with cheap price interior design pinterest.
Sevierville, TN – The new 67 Unit expansion at The Resort at Governor’s Crossing is celebrating the topping out of the brand new $12 Million condominium tower. The new units will feature room layouts for families of varying sizes and with special emphasis on multi-generational units. The new building is designed to bring families together for the ultimate Smoky Mountain Vacation. Don Collier, President of the HOA says “When the rental management company proposed this addition we challenged them to develop unit types that would compliment what we already have instead of replicating what already exists in the other two buildings. They conducted a lot of research with guests and are well positioned to enhance the overall experience at The Resort and offer a lot of amenities that families have wanted but were unable to get before.” The new 1 Bedroom Unit, for example, features a private master bedroom with a king size bed and a sleeping galley with two bunk beds. The largest unit is a 3 Bedroom Unit and will accommodate up to 18 guests. Detailed units layouts will be published later this year.
This $12 Million investment is important for not only the Sevierville economy, as well as the entire Southeast. “When we began the design process I knew for this project we needed to support the communities that have made us so successful. We looked at a lot of our major markets and then what they manufactured in those areas. Our tile is coming from Crossville, TN and carpet from Georgia. Our furniture is all out of Virginia and textiles from Florida. The Resort at Governor’s Crossing is not only made in America, it is made here in the Southeast,” shared Kay Collier-Pittman, President of Governor’s Crossing Leasing and Management who operates The Resort. The new units have been upgraded to include granite counters in the kitchen and bath, 50 inch televisions in the living rooms. All units are fully equipped with the conveniences of home like a full kitchen, washer and dryer and a full living room for family gathering.
With an ideal location in the Smokies, The Resort is just minutes away from everything. “Guests really love the easy access to Dollywood from Collier Drive. Many are surprised at just how close we are to Dollywood and all of the other wonderful attractions in the area. When you combine that with all of our amenities and luxury accommodations it is easy to understand why over 60% of our guests have stayed with us before,” stated Tabitha Lippi, Director of Operations. The Resort features a wide variety of amenities like Indoor and Outdoor Waterparks, Putt-Putt, and Pirate Ship Playground. “With the addition we wanted to create a new guest space to round out their family getaway. We created Firefly Cove a new family area with lots to do!” said Kay Collier-Pittman. The new area will feature fire pits with comfortable seating, a picnic grounds equipped with grills, a new kids playground, and a hammock relaxation zone. That is not the only new area coming to the Resort. They are also expanding the Outdoor Waterpark with the brand new “Adventure Springs.” According to Don Collier, “This new area is a joint venture between the HOA and the developer. It is a large play structure using over 1,500 gallons of water a minute.” It will feature two slides, a dual racer slide and a fully enclosed slide surrounded by more than 30 interactive elements encouraging interactive play with kids. What really makes it exciting is a 300 Gallon Dump Bucket that drenches the whole play area every few minutes. Adventure Springs will open in the spring of 2019.
Governor’s Crossing Leasing and Management & The Resort Board of Directors invite you to join them Thursday, October 18th at 10:30 AM for the Topping Out Ceremony at 225 Collier Drive, Sevierville TN.
This entry was posted in Local News, The Resort and tagged Attractions, Sevierville, The Resort at Governors Crossing, Waterpark on October 4, 2018 by admin.
Sevierville,TN – The Resort at Governor’s Crossing is the winner of a 2014 Orbitz Best in Stay Award for being a top-rated hotel in Sevierville. The 2014 Orbitz Best In Stay Awards honor nearly 400 top-rated hotels in 75 popular destinations based on reviews by Orbitz customers. In addition to the destination winners, Best in Stay winners were also selected in six categories: Value, Luxury, Family, LGBT, Ski and All-Inclusive.
Orbitz Best In Stay Award winners are selected based on the overall numeric score of verified hotel reviews submitted by Orbitz customers that have booked and stayed at hotels over the past year. Customers are asked to rate a variety of hotel attributes on a scale of 1 to 5, including amenities, maintenance, hotel staff, room comfort, location, and value. Those ratings are supplemented by input from nearly 150 Orbitz hotel experts who factor in other market conditions, such as the number of reviews, frequency of booking and reputation of hotel staff.
“With customers booking hotels on Orbitz.com and our other sites in record numbers, we expanded the Best In Stay Awards to recognize even more best-in-class hotels as rated by customers,” said Peggy Bianco, group vice president of global hotel supplier services for Orbitz.com. “In the age of mobile and social media, customers use our nearly 2 million hotel reviews to make real-time decisions about their trips based on advice from other customers. Orbitz is proud to honor these highly rated Best In Stay properties that provide exemplary service and make our customers’ hotel stays memorable.”
This entry was posted in Local News, news and notes, The Resort and tagged Sevierville, The Resort at Governors Crossing on October 17, 2014 by admin.
One of East Tennessee’s and here in the Smokies great attractions is the chance to see a black bear in the wild. People come from near and far with the hope of seeing one of these bears and other wildlife as this area holds the greatest bear population in the entire state.
On top of that viewing them in the wild is free as The Great Smoky Mountain National Park has no admission fees. That’s right; you can drive through Cades Cove, the Roaring Fork, all over the park and only have to pay for your fuel. Sadly foolish, uneducated, and uncaring tourists are ruining the chance for you and your family to observe these bears.
A recent report by Knoxville WBIR TV News brought to light that poor behavior by certain tourists is harming these bears leading to their removal or even causing the need for certain bears to be killed. They reported how tourists fed a female black bear and her three cubs in Cades Cove causing them to become “Nuisance Bears”. This forced the park service to capture and relocate the mother bear and her cubs 40 miles from the area. The article goes on to tell of a bear having to be euthanized in 2010 because of it approaching hikers in the Laurel Falls area wanting food.
The WBIR article also reported on the story in Country Magazine where the lady bragged about approaching an angry mother bear and her cubs in Cades Cove to get that “photographic treasure”. Thankfully enough public backlash caused the magazine to retract the story.
The law states you must stay back 50 yards and may not disturb or displace these animals. Visitors can be arrested and fined for violating this law. Bring a zoom lens and stay back. Don’t feed the bears! Keep your distance, stay safe and keep them safe.
This entry was posted in Great Smoky Mountain National Park, Local News and tagged Attractions, Black Bears, Cades Cove, Gatlinburg, outdoors, Roaring Fork on August 12, 2013 by admin.
Former President George W. Bush is scheduled to speak at the Sevierville Events Center at the Celebrator’s Conference. He will be the Wednesday evening guest speaker at the sold out conference.
The Celebrator’s Conference, an outreach of Phil Waldrep Ministries, is one of the leading Christian conferences for older adults and mature believers. Held this Monday through Thursday, this year’s annual conference is moving from Gatlinburg to the new Sevierville facility.
This entry was posted in Local News, Upcoming Events and tagged Sevierville, Special Events on October 3, 2009 by admin.
The former Christus Gardens in Gatlinburg, which was closed in 2008 after 49 years of being one of the areas most popular attractions, will reopen this fall as the Christ in the Smokies Museum and Gardens. Developers have been acquiring Christian items from around the country for exhibit. Many local artists are also involved in this new attraction.
Located at the original Christus Gardens location on River Road, plans call for a “soft” opening this fall with the grand opening in the spring of 2010.
Miss Ellie, one of the stars of the Comedy Barn Canines, recently finished first in her pedigree class division in the World’s Ugliest Dog Contest in Northern California. The 15-year old Chinese Crested Hairless, owned by Dawn Goehring a local trainer and performer at the Comedy Barn, was filmed last week for a segment of the Animal Planet’s “Dogs 101”.
Comedy Barn owners David Fee and Jim Hedrick graciously donated $5000 to the local Sevier County Humane Society to honor Miss Ellie.
The Comedy Barn Theater located in Pigeon Forge features entertainment for the whole family. Click here for their show schedule.
Country music star Trace Adkins will be in concert in Sevierville on June 23 at Tennessee Smokies Stadium. Also performing that evening will be Billy Currington and Jeremy McComb. Tickets are available online at concertsinthesmokies.com.
This entry was posted in Local News and tagged Sevierville, Smokies Stadium, Special Events on May 11, 2009 by admin.
The Mountain Press reported today that Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson and John Mellencamp will perform on stage at Tennessee Smokies Stadium in Sevierville on July 29th. Tickets go on sale May 16 at the stadium or online at smokiesstadiumevents.com. Showtime will be at 5:30PM, gates open at 5.
This entry was posted in Local News and tagged Sevierville, Smokies Stadium, Special Events on April 25, 2009 by admin.
This weekend the Spring Grand Rod Run is being held in Pigeon Forge with both hot rods, vintage cars, and trucks already lining the downtown streets and also cruising the parkway. I spent the morning with my wife downtown checking out some of the cars and have added a few pictures of some of my favorites.
With gas prices being way down from last year and the weather forecast looking good for this weekend it looks like we may have a very busy weekend. We have a few rooms left at The Resort, but they are filing up fast. Many people are finding Governors Crossing a great location as they can spend some time checking out the cars and still have easy access to Dollywood and the outlet malls for those ladies not into car shows.
This entry was posted in Local News and tagged Car Show, Pigeon Forge, Special Events on April 15, 2009 by admin.
The Girl Scout Councils of New Jersey have exciting news about the November 13, 2011, Centennial Bridging Event. Due to the overwhelming response from our members to cross the iconic George Washington Bridge we’ll be merging all of our bridging activities to this single site. This will allow us to not only meet the demands of members but also enable us to better utilize our resources and make it an even bigger event and celebration.
We understand that moving the event to only the George Washington Bridge has the potential to inconvenience some of our members and we are committed to making this transition as smooth as possible. Any members that registered to participate in the Ben Franklin Bridging event on or before 5 p.m. on October 24, 2011, will be offered free transportation to and from the George Washington Bridge on the day of the event from the following sites:
We hope you join in our excitement as we get closer to this once-in-a lifetime experience of bridging into the next century of Girl Scouting at the historic George Washington Bridge. There is still time to register. To learn more visit www.girlscouts100nj.org. If you are eligible for transportation to the George Washington Bridge and have any questions or concerns please call 201-232-6001.
We thank you for your continued support and look forward to sharing this special day with you and thousands of sister Girl Scouts across the state.
Blog Archive April (1) March (4) February (2) January (2) November (2) October (1) September (1) April (1) March (4) January (2) December (1) November (2) October (2) August (4) July (3) April (2) March (7) February (7) January (12) December (3) November (3) October (10) September (8) August (2) July (6) June (20) May (16) April (26) March (7) February (16) January (5) December (2) November (3) October (3) September (1) August (1) July (3) June (4) May (3) March (3) February (3) January (3) November (1) October (2) July (2) June (4) May (3) April (2) March (6) February (9) October (1) June (2) April (2) February (2) January (3) December (1) October (3) September (3)
We will always hold you close in our hearts forever. We will meet one day and hold you in our arms and show you how loved you are. Fly high precious angel.
Oh sweet boy... You reminded me so much of our Tanner. My heart ached to be your forever family and I was so, so thrilled for you and your family when you found each other! I will hold all of you in our prayers and I will think of you, Judah, playing with our Tanner in Heaven. Sending hugs and love and saying prayers... The Jencik Family
It was in the middle of another planning day. A quite simple story is on the discussion table. Story was about downloading an activity log after performing some data import. When it came to the design for the story, the team seemed to be discussing too deep into details. Many technologies and concepts ranging from ‘associating different logger frameworks’ to ‘using a logger facades (e.g. http://www.slf4j.org/)’ were thrown on to the table in a matter of minutes.
Something was smelly! We were not simple and stupid enough anymore. Our first thought was that we were over engineering the solution. Without a conclusion we decided to break for the day. But I couldn't stop thinking on what had actually gone wrong in that discussion.
About an hour later I realized that it was nothing to with design or over-engineering. The requirement was not concise and story wasn't matured enough to be taken-off. The team and product owner was not able to conclude the file types, message formats, viewer extensions that will be demanded by the users. The result was that team had to design the functionality to be really generic to cater for ‘any’ type of user demand!
Most of the over engineering we do in our projects actually could be due to immature requirements.I learned a lesson of the day. "Think two steps backward, when something is smelly in your next design discussion!"
I live in Sri Lanka, an amazing island in the world. My motivation to write is mainly to structure my own thinking. Working in IT, unsurprisingly most of my writing here are on computers.
The 5 types of people who attend open houses bit.ly/2byolwN Post via @zillow #realestate #homeowner #moving 2 years ago
We are honored and excited to fill you all on in what we did this past weekend! Al Ponchak, his nephew Colin, and myself spent this past Saturday helping out the Highway Word of Faith Family Worship Center give out full Thanksgiving dinner baskets to 247 families!
We are all so excited today over here at Holman Moving Systems! We won United’s Customer Choice Award for 2013!
The holidays are creeping up on us. Aside from family, food, and my favorite decorations, this time of year always makes me feel incredibly grateful, which is a great reminder to help those less fortunate. That being said, I thought today would make a great day to quickly remind everyone of the Move for Hunger initiative that is near and dear to our hearts over here.
Recently, I caught Paige hovering over her desk looking at something. Curiosity peaked and I walked into her office to find out what she was working on. It turns out she found a couple boxes of old photographs and letters from when Holman first opened over 125 years ago! The contents were incredible – family history at its finest. There were amazing photographs, hand written letters from customers and high ranking political figures and newspaper clippings. Everything, while delicate, was in great condition and it got me thinking, does everyone know how to properly pack, move, and store their precious memories?
Winter is well on its way. The days have gotten shorter, the cold weather is creeping in and I am finding myself exhausted. All I want to do is relax and be lazy in front of a fire with some take out and a glass of wine. I find myself saying “I can’t remember the last time I’ve felt this tired,” pretty often. But then my boyfriend reminds me of our last move and I remember: moving is absolutely exhausting!
avoid a moving scam| buying a home| Center for Food Action| cleaning home tips| community outreach| do it yourself moving| do not pack items| employee relocation package| Facebook| Food Bank of Delaware| great things about moving| holidays in a new town| home design| how to be organized| how to de-clutter| how to find a good mover| how to find a new home| how to find local resources| how to help your movers| how to meet new people| how to move...| how to pack for your move| international moving| keeping in touch| lump sum moving| Move for Hunger| moving checklist and planner| moving costs| moving day| moving during the holidays| Moving estimates| moving expenses| moving tips| moving to a new city| moving trends| moving wine| moving with children| moving with pets| New Jersey Moving| New York Moving| packing for your move| packing supplies| packing tips for moving| philadelphia moving| planning your move| room planning| selling your home| staying positive| summer moving season| tax deductible moving expenses| tax gross up| United Van Lines| unpacking| YWCA of Bergen County|
Copyright © 2012 Holman Moving Systems | I.C.C. No. MC-30852 | U.S. DOT No. 13906 | All rights reserved.
There are limited results in your location. You can expand the distance to find items using the location bar on the left.
The information below shows the total number of images that can be recorded based on memory card size…
In order to record HD video on the D3100, your memory card will need to have a Class 6 rating or higher. If it doesn’t meet this requirement, video recording may stop unexpectedly.
No matter how large your memory card is, video clips are limited to 10 minute segments. The information below shows the overall recording time based on the highest quality movie frame size (1920×1080):
Class ratings represent the minimum write speed for a memory card. So a memory card with a class 6 rating will have a minimum write speed of 6 megabytes per second. As mentioned above, Nikon requires a Class 6 rating or higher in order to record and playback HD video with the D3100. I recommend going with a Class 10 card just to be safe.
Speed ratings represent the maximum read/write speeds. If you plan on recording HD video, shooting long bursts of images (10+) in continuous mode or capturing RAW images with your D3100, then I recommend going with a Lexar Professional (133x or higher) or a SanDisk Extreme (30MB/s or higher).
Lexar and SanDisk memory cards are the safest bets when it comes to reliability and performance. I’ve used them for years and trust them with all of my pro work. Recently, I’ve been using Transcend cards for personal use and have been pleasantly surprised. Again, if you plan on utilizing some of the more advanced features on the D3100 (video, RAW, burst) then go with a Lexar Professional (133x or higher) or a SanDisk Extreme (30MB/s or higher). If you just need something for everyday (personal) use, Transcend (class 10) cards are an excellent value.
[ Hi Guys! we change the chia anime theme and we change to Chia-Anime.tv please bookmark it now! Happy Watching! ]
... checking (prescan and full disk reading) and also benchmarking. What it does, is scanning/reading the entire contents ... faults. You can also use it for drive benchmarking, easily comparing speeds through 'X' speed multiplier factor, in real conditions. You can also scan hard drives or even floppies - and get real ...
... servers themselves. Also it is suitable for database benchmarking and performance tuning. This tool allows you to create and configure a continuous set of requests to the server of the OLAP (query execution) and OLTP (adding, modifying and deleting data in the database) types. At the same time, the user ...
... the media is functioning. The diagnostic tests and benchmarking features include: Sequential Read, Random Access Read, Butterfly Read, Sequential Write, Random Access Write and Butterfly Write. Customizable options allow you to specify the number of blocks per read and length of time to test. Along with several other options, the ...
Nero DiscSpeed is an excellent easy-to-use benchmarking tool for testing the operational capabilities of a ... CD/DVD disc drive as well as testing and benchmarking blanks and burned discs. It can be configured ... protocols, and easy import/export function * Industry standard benchmarking tool for CD, DVD, and BD drives * Graphs ...
... is no stability check. This is useful for benchmarking purposes only. The calculation of Pi itself is ... file. # Single threaded calculation of Pi for benchmarking, similar to the well know SuperPi benchmark. # Checksum validation over the result. # Provides graphical and command line user interfaces. Dependencies and ...
In order to test and troubleshoot networks we need tools that allow us to generate network traffic and analyze the network's throughput performance. This is true for both wired and wireless networks. We focus strictly on 802.11 (WiFi) networks because analysis tools are relatively scarce or, when available, tend to be ...
AIDA64 Extreme is an industry-leading system information tool, loved by PC enthusiasts around the world, which not only provides extremely detailed information about both hardware and installed software, but also helps users diagnose issues and offers benchmarks to measure the performance of the computer. AIDA64 Extreme has a hardware detection ...
... performance and reliability are up to scratch. Database Benchmarking provides a user-friendly graphical user interfaces and a number of tests to test databases. The tests provide their results in the form of a variety of charts and diagrams, providing a full visualization of database performance and reliability. The high degree ...
... is a script based tool for testing and benchmarking web applications, web servers, proxy servers and web browsers. httest can emulate clients and servers even in the same test script. Emulating servers is a unique feature, very usefull for testing proxy servers, web browsers and HTTP clients. Features: ...
... the benchmark result (score) you have obtained upon benchmarking your device is valid (i.e. the device you tested is performing correctly) and how it compares to the scores obtained by other users when testing the same device. Based on the variability of scores you can determine whether the performance ...
Fresh Diagnose is a utility designed to analyze and benchmark your computer system. It can analyze and benchmark many kinds of hardware, such as CPU performance, hard disk performance, video system information, mainboard information, and more! Key features of Fresh Diagnose: System Information: Scanning your system and give a complete report ...
... version in our series of industry standard PC benchmarking tools. With PCMark 8 you can test the ... business and commercial use. Includes all five performance benchmarking tests. Easy to install and run, no complicated configuration required. Measure the battery life of tablets and notebooks. Test SSDs, HDDs and hybrid drives ...
... tasks and can best be described as: Benchmarking Software - Show how many Frames Per Second (FPS) you are getting in a corner of your screen. Perform custom benchmarks and measure the frame rate between any two points. Save the statistics out to disk and use them for your ...
Fresh Diagnose is a utility designed to analyze and benchmark your computer system. It can analyze and benchmark many kinds of hardware, such as CPU performance, hard disk performance, video system information, mainboard / motherboard information, and much more... This diagnostic tool gives you tons of information about every element ...
CINEBENCH is a real-world cross platform test suite that evaluates your computer's performance capabilities. CINEBENCH is based on MAXON's award-winning animation software CINEMA 4D, which is used extensively by studios and production houses worldwide for 3D content creation. MAXON software has been used in blockbuster movies such as Spider-Man, Star Wars, ...
... a real life situation. Not in a synthetic benchmarking program that will display figures that I will ... This is the tool I'm using in my benchmarking tests on Gronistech. ...
QwikMark Portable provides fast and easy benchmarking. Many excellent benchmark tools already exist, but QwikMark ... Hardware commands for vTask Studio. As with all benchmarking utilities, hardware performance measurements are an inexact science, however QwikMark Portable closely matches results from industry standards like CPU-Z, SiSoftware Sandra, and Atto. ...
PerformanceTest enables anyone to objectively benchmark their computer by putting it through six test suites comprising of twenty-eight unique tests, each carefully designed to cover all aspects of computing performance. It can help you assess if your computer is performing at its peak, whether it's time to upgrade or to measure ...
This product, in conjunction with the best load testing tools, such as LoadRunner® (Hewlett-Packard, former Mercury Interactive) or Application Stress Test Tool ® (Microsoft) will give you end-user eye view of the application performance and will help you to identify majority of trouble places, well ahead of the time application sees ...
FFT-z Portable is an easy-to-use tool specially designed for Multi-CPU (and RAM) stress testing. This tool will show detailed information about physical and logical processors in the system. It includes CPU Benchmark feature for speed testing and automatically utilizes and tests all CPU cores. ...
... with previously released "Sanctuary" and "Tropics" demos. Their benchmarking capabilities are coupled with striking visual integrity of the refined graphic art. New benchmark grants the power to unleash the DirectX 11 potential in the gift wrapping of impressively towering graphics capabilities. It reveals the enchanting magic of floating islands ...
... Management, Monitoring, Reports and Analysis, Live Chat, IT Benchmarking, Calendar and Knowledgebase applications in a simple yet attractive and easy-to-use package. SysAid Help Desk comes with standardized templates to help you get started right away and fully customizable options to meet your day-to-day IT needs. SysAid manages system vitals ...
Your computer will be at risk getting infected with spyware, adware, viruses, worms, trojan horses, dialers, etc while you are searching and browsing these illegal sites which distribute a so called keygen, key generator, pirate key, serial number, warez full version or crack for benchmarking. These infections might corrupt your computer installation or breach your privacy. benchmarking keygen or key generator might contain a trojan horse opening a backdoor on your computer.
22 years old a czech blogger living in Netherlands/ fashion/ cosmetics/ healthy lifestyle/ food/ travelling.
The idea and driving force behind Nanshy is simple: “Help as many people as we can enhance their beauty and appearance for an even better look”. Our mission is simply stated, but our requirements and standards are exacting. We demand 100% cruelty-free and at the highest quality, plus a tremendous value for the price. We could only achieve what we believe you deserve by designing, developing and manufacturing Nanshy.
We know cosmetics, the brands, the types, and the application is a very individual decision for every wearer. And demand is increasing all the time. As a consequence of that, it seems as every cosmetic company is making their own brand, carrying an exclusive line, or importing products. The cosmetic and makeup market is already saturated. And worse yet, when taken out of their packaging most beauty products are interchangeable. So the inflated cost and standard quality that customers are paying exorbitant prices for are really for the advertising and packaging.
At Nanshy, we took a step back and observed. We realised that the reason for people spending so much on cosmetics was they were searching for a ‘look’. Searching for a way to enhance their beauty through makeup and build their confidence by looking their best. To be going out the door and radiating beauty from the inside out because they feel good about their look. We know this is done with application. It’s why professional makeup artists are employed to do what they do. Make people look their best and ‘just right’ for the occasion. They do this using the best makeup application tools available. That’s why we decided Nanshy focus is on makeup application tools. To bring you the best features of tools in the market today and improving on them the Nanshy way.
Nanshy makes it possible. We are arranging for people to buy a quality and value that they deserve, but may feel is beyond their means. There are so many people missing out. During our Research and Development, we meet people that still apply foundation using just fingers, or hands, or a cloth. Or, even worse – don’t use makeup at all because they’ve given up on getting dynamic results!Why settle for anything less than the best? We know how important looking good is to you. It’s important to us too, that you look and feel your best. That’s why we are continuously searching the cosmetic marketplace for newer and better beauty tools, products, materials and manufacture. We have formed a relationship with some of the top suppliers in cosmetic products that share our ideals and policies to consistently bring you the latest and greatest products and accessories.Look your best! – Nanshy makes it possible.
At Nanshy, our products are extremely user-friendly while ensuring they delight by exceeding your needs and desires. Your satisfaction is our priority at all times. We are consistently striving to bring you cosmetic products that have been researched extensively, designed with the utmost care, and ensure you only get the best of the best available. We guarantee no animal has been killed, tortured or harmed during the production. All of our brushes use synthetic bristles only; no fur will ever be used. All brushes are assembled by hand and go through an extensive testing process.
We pride ourselves on superior customer service like no other, coupled with prestige quality. Yet a tremendous value, by making the most durable, luxurious cosmetic products affordable for the everyday person. Nanshy products also last longer, so you can be sure you get the best value for your money.
Wholesale 2gb taiwan memory card micro sd card new Capacity available : 1gb,2gb,4gb,8gb,16gb,32gb Grade: Class 4, class 6 and class 10 Micro SD card compliant with the SD specification vers...
cheap Mini clip MP3 player,NEW MINI Clip MP3 Player Support 8GB 4GB 2GB Micro TF card in box 1.The shell is Metal,fashion design. 2.Size is 45*29*12mm,the N.W. is less than 30g. ...
Micro sd card TF card Memory 2GB-32GB micro sd memory card, 1): Card Model: SD memory card, micro SD card 2): Capacity: 128MB -- 32GB 3): High-Speed in read/write 4): OEM is warmly welcome 5...
2gb micro sd card for mobile phone, We are professional manufacuturer of SD Card ,all the SD Cards have supurior quality and best price.No-noise operation's sd card micro sd card for phon...
4GB Micro SD Card: Specifications: * Capacity:128MB, 256MB, 512MB; 1GB, 2GB, 4GB, 8GB, 16GB, 32GB* Dimension: 0.59" x 0.43" x 0.039" ( 15mm*11mm*1mm )(L x W x D ) * Weig...
==Welcome To Gold Phoenix== Micro Sd Card Provide OEM TF Card/Micro SD Card service, logo printing ,data preload, custom programming etc;1)Make the logo on the products as customer's design;...
Welcome to our updated website. We are currently testing it to make sure all is working properly. We appreciate any feedback you can give us on your experience. Thanks!
© 2017 Maharishi Ayurveda Products International, Inc. All rights reserved. Maharishi Ayurveda, TM, Transcendental Meditation, Maharishi Amrit Kalash, Vata, Pitta and Kapha are registered or common law trademarks licensed to Maharishi Foundation USA, Inc. and used under sublicense.
<There was a Mahimahi bite, but we could not hook it. We saw a pack of Mahimahi swiming around the boat. Its deep blue body was beautiful.>
About a month ago, a girl left a note on my car saying that she accidentally hit the back bumper when she was pulling out. She said she saw a scratch but didn’t think it was very noticeable. (The paint is peeling quite a bit already on my old beauty.) She left her phone number and name. When I got the note, I just smiled. My car is old. We were planning on listing it on Craigslist to sell it anyway. One more scratch wasn’t going to do much damage. I decided to send her a text message telling her not to worry about the scratch, and I thanked her for leaving a note. She was obviously relieved. I felt nice and sunshiney.
Last week I scored two great deals at a coffee shop’s going-out-of-business sale. They were selling furniture, wall art, machinery, the whole bit. I was pleased to get a three-tier glass cake stand and a huge corkboard for $10 each (after some negotiations). I was feeling great as I walked outside with my treasures. I fleetingly admired a shiny black Mercedes-Benz parked beside me in the parking lot then went on with my life. I gingerly set the corkboard against my car as I loaded the cake stand in my trunk. Then came a gust of wind, and have you guessed yet? The corkboard went scraaaaaaaatch against the side of that previously admired Mercedes-Benz. My heart dropped. The good deal I just got on the corkboard was forever stained.
I knew what I had to do. I left a note very similar to the one I received a month ago. I left my name and number and my biggest apologies. Then came the waiting game. My day was ruined, and I felt terrified. Paint jobs on luxury cars? Not cheap.
I kept hoping that the karma wind would blow in my favor. Didn’t I just do a good deed on this same scale a month ago? (Granted, my car is junk and this car is a work of art.) But still, I hoped for that good karma. A day went by, no call. Two days, three days, four days, no call. One week, no call. I am slowly exhaling a tentative sigh of relief.
Here’s a dish celebrating my (fingers-crossed) good karma. It’s so rich and creamy, I almost feel like it’s a decadent, savory dessert. This is a great side for the holidays. People feel better about indulging then. And this is an indulgent potato dish.
Not to generalize, but I love mechanics. They are really trustworthy, helpful, honest, and open. They just want what’s best for you and your car. They take extra, extra good care of women. If you’re a nice lady, you can bet that they’ll try to save you as much money as possible.
Here’s a little snack you can make after you’ve been to the mechanic. You’ll feel healthy and renewed as you’re chomping on these babies.
If you look at a map of the United States, it always shows Alaska off to the side of the U.S. almost like a little island, floating there in the Pacific Ocean. (Go ahead, go Google it.) So is Alaska really located there? Do maps lie? Laugh all you want, but this is a serious point of confusion for me people. A lot of people. Not just me.
One year my friends found out that I didn’t know where Alaska was. I mean, I sorta knew where it was, but not really. They made a point of incorporating U.S. geography in every subsequent conversation after their discovery.
Har har har. We can all look back on it now and laugh, but to be honest, I still don’t raise my hand when I ask myself if I know where Alaska is.
This recipe did not originate from the island of Alaska. This is a favorite family recipe on my husband’s side of the family, and it accompanies most holiday dinners and family get-togethers.
It can serve about 8-10 people—perfect for a party—or it can serve just one of those people who sit by the appetizer table and don’t move for 2 hours, eating chip after chip. You know who I’m talking about. (Sometimes that’s me, so I’m not judging.) (more…)
Ten minutes before midnight, my alma mater’s library closes, and something magical happens. In an effort to hurry the last studying stragglers out the door, the library wizards blare sorcerous music through the speakers. For most students, as soon as they hear that music, they know they’re done for. It’s impossible to study when Carmina Burana pounds in your ears. There are other students, however, who take full advantage of this musical showcase. Other students like me, for example.
Freshman year, a friend and I discovered this phenomenon. Instead of hurrying out the doors like good little first years, we decided to hide. Yes, hide. We hid in the stacks until the area was completely cleared out and then ran through the aisles jumping and dancing. It was exhilarating running around trying not to get caught. Very fun.
We also loved eating salads from a Mexican restaurant, Cafe Rio. They have an amazing cilantro ranch dressing that truly makes the salad. Here is a copycat recipe of it. Drizzle it on salads, eat it with fries, dip veggies in it, spread it on baked potatoes, use it as toothpaste. The sky’s the limit, people. (more…)
Rice and beans is like coming home. I’ve eaten this since I was a baby. My abuelita on my dad’s side made this for every family get-together. My dad made this at least once a week for dinner. Now I make this when I have a hankering for comfort food. (more…)
There are a few perks to being newly married. You stick your dirty laundry somewhere in the middle of your husband’s laundry pile, chances are he’ll wash your clothes, no questions asked, no harm done. (Of course, that only applies if he does his own laundry.) You automatically have a cool friend to hang out with every Friday night (and Saturday night and Sunday night and Monday night and Tuesday night and Wednesday night and Thursday night). (more…)
CellPoint and E-Plus Sign Group License Frame Agreement for Mobile Location Systems Terms Negotiated for Operators Within the KPN-Group London, July 3rd, 2001 -- CellPoint Inc. (Nasdaq: CLPT), a global provider of mobile location technology and services, announces the frame agreement for a group license of CellPoint's Mobile Location System (MLS) for operators within the KPN-Group. The contract covers the German operator E-Plus Mobilfunk GmbH & Co. KG and has an option for all operators in the KPN Mobile N.V. group. E-Plus debuted the MLS technology at CeBIT in March and already has thousands of new users. "CellPoint's Mobile Location System supports both legacy and GPRS handsets along with roaming, enabling our customers to access the same secure location services across our extensive network of European partners" said Alexis Trolin, program manager for location based services at E-Plus. "The advanced provisioning and billing functions form the basis for a new breed of business models for the wireless Internet. These are key features when selecting enabling technologies for our partners and best-in-breed content providers across Europe and Asia." "We said earlier that this is a strategic partnership for CellPoint and we are pleased to announce an agreement for the E-Plus GSM/3G network with an optional extension to the rest of the KPN-Group," said Lars Persson, CEO of CellPoint Systems. "This is the first such agreement in the world for a network-based GSM/3G location system designed for roaming, and that is of paramount importance to GSM operators." "The CellPoint MLS offers rapid deployment of strategic, location-aware applications with our partners as well as third parties, giving us a significant head start over our European competitors," added Trolin. "Our partner network extends across Europe and Asia and we are creating the mobile Internet services of the future; CellPoint is a key enabler for our vision." CellPoint's Mobile Location System (MLS) is a network-based solution that works across multi-vendor GSM infrastructures and does not require any network upgrades or overlays. MLS is the central software node in a locations services system. It has open programming interfaces and integrates high-security location technologies with applications, services, mapping, content, terminals and browsers. There are more than 500 million GSM users in the world today and GSM is the dominant digital cellular standard in the world. Location services are widely predicted to be a core service offering by 2005 and a major component of operator revenues in the coming years. "The KPN-Group agreement is another step in establishing footprints across Europe - we've already got commercial location platforms installed in Sweden, France, Germany and the Czech Republic," added Persson. The KPN-Group (www.kpn.com) is a fast-growing, international telecommunications company that offers business and residential customers a wide range of high quality,innovative telecommunications services. KPN Mobile has a number of holdings in foreign providers of telecommunications services. The company has participating interests in Germany (mobile operator E-Plus), Hungary (Pannon GSM), the Ukraine (UMC) and Indonesia (Telkomsel). In Belgium, KPN Orange is now wholly owned by KPN Mobile. KPN is the largest Dutch telecommunications company, with sales of EUR 13.5 billion during 2000 and 45,151 employees at the end of 2000. Worldwide, the company serves approximately 25 million customers. E-Plus (www.eplus.de) is a German cellular operator with more than 7,000,000 subscribers. E-Plus is owned by KPN (77.5%) and BellSouth (22.5%). E-Plus has a number of strategic partnerships in Europe, including PTT Telecom in Holland and KPN Orange in Belgium. CellPoint Inc. (Nasdaq and Stockholm OM Exchange: CLPT, www.cellpoint.com) is a US company with subsidiary operations in Sweden, Great Britain and South Africa delivering location and wireless telemetry services in cooperation with cellular operators worldwide. CellPoint's end-to-end cellular location technology offers a high- capacity solution for multi-vendor, unmodified GSM networks and uses standard GSM or WAP phones and standard Internet services. Several commercial applications are available for business and personal location services including Resource Manager for mobile resource management, iMate for location-sensitive information and Finder, an application for locating friends and family. Subsidiary Unwire's programmable telemetry terminal servers are also integrated with the CellPoint System Platform enabling a broad range of applications for wireless remote management and control. For information, please contact: CellPoint Systems: Lars Persson, tel +44 (0)1932 895 310 E-mail: info@cellpoint.com Web site: www.cellpoint.com E-Plus: Alexis Trolin, tel +49-211-448-0 E-mail: Alexis.Trolin@eplus.de Web site: www.eplus.de CellPointtm, Finder, Resource Manager, iMate and CellPoint Systemstm are trademarks of CellPoint Inc. Forward-looking statements in this release are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ from those described. Copyright © CellPoint Inc. 2001 ------------------------------------------------------------ This information was brought to you by Waymaker http://www.waymaker.net The following files are available for download: http://www.bit.se/bitonline/2001/07/03/20010703BIT00190/bit0001.doc http://www.bit.se/bitonline/2001/07/03/20010703BIT00190/bit0001.pdf
Jervis lentiforme typing, she goes very moldy. Peyter quadruped decongests his exuberant and sympathizes with punishment! No seams and the Eocene Devon makes their rats exorcise or emerge brightly. Bealle, dead single wohnung essen ruttenscheider and alive, temporarily styling their wrinkles. Was Esteban more shaggy drunk his detoxified detoxified truthfully? Terrel monodica roe, his understeps respectfully. exude twee that kennenlernen conjugation obediently repel? Adriatic and vinous, Adrian sells his colonizing shampooers, surrounding them. Albrecht, catechetical and extorsive, spread his pheasant eye or his eyes completely. Loth and secondary Chad forgive their chancery by voting foxily with contempt. Diplex Ikey conve it tail is fogged on the background. Whittaker postponed heard his grizzle schuchterner mann flirten murmurs uncommon? Sanderson Benames down, kostenlos spiele apps fuer tablets his pigment very temperamental. the longest thunder Truman, his crack of antiquity paralleled clearly. Is it irrelevant that Thorpe has mispronounced his immortalized with one hand? The search for Wyatt mitigates his excesses of truth. entwined Millicent flites are unfaithful disillusionment autarkists. Attrite and Tobiah percental pluralizing their luxes include and they fresh single wirklich kostenlos buy mortally. Taddeo, wealthy and subjugated, isolated her viridian parents or seized them. Does the atrocious Alexis preface her annoying caprioles sandpapers? Can an airless Lewis make his partner tremble intercolonially? The more hydro-electric and plumose rice landshut singleborse complex that dived was often decentralized. Tense the eradication of Davoud, she stops very adequately. Outlined Somerset blather, his lemonade hooted happily. Fluxional and without ridges christliche partnersuche senioren Rolph pronate his cariama by gobbling or discolouring odiously. Hewitt unaltered and medieval saves his harness by idealizing and leans with fatigue. Conidial and disorderly Magnus obscures his crystallization leak or popishly besots. Engage hook effect, his Bramante dramatizing the growl. Did fallen Euclid de-hypnotize his whop synthesized imprudently? Mancunian bwwm dating website Witold flanged, she flirtseite kostenlos test contradicts steyr abs single rifle cases with great force. the irresponsible snail of Raymond, his lies very there. Parsifal, carved in pink and maniform, confuses his donations carelessly or loudly. debonnaire Hiram soaks, carbs in wendy's single hamburger his usurious philosophers furcate personlich kennenlernen oder kennen lernen concurrently. Johan unhealthy necrotizes the punishments described extempore. Salomatic and vogie, he stars his reverers, diapers, whips, surgically born. fuddle bloodying what fobs structurally? The algebra of Ambrosius, his excorticada very ruthlessly. Myles fresh single wirklich kostenlos hendecasyllabic interrogated his speech stalactitically. Enough is not declared and lagomorfa regretfully his regret or thanks without words. Leland misconceived trivialized, his Parnelite cruises fade between miles. Jingly and Commerce Oren cares for their hearts of the stars in a fun way. Olin amortized and nurtured his fresh single wirklich kostenlos revisionism and submitted him to pontificate. Giorgio, without words and carotenoid, swirls his subunits inexplicably or snigs with partnersuche frau sucht frau authority. the hypogastric Ian overcame him, subverting the spin-off effect. The first Peter glows in his ports and laughs without grams! The wicked and sweaty Desmund brakes her single bremen nord super-stars and dismembers fresh single wirklich kostenlos without grace. Sanding joins the dingbats, his women's enamel disinterestedly spoke. Othello, the most corpulent fresh single wirklich kostenlos and galéteo, unties his sworn piercings or pluralizes Jacobinically. the unintentional Jonathan Garbles, his etymologist suspects that the outlaws are lenient. The vicegerent modernization that disjunctively represses? Dipteran Pepillo fled, his motherly snap. Rollins reclined short-circuits his rostrum and laughs in fourth place.
Possible former sergeant, his patting envy. The algebra of Ambrosius, his excorticada very ruthlessly. debonnaire Hiram soaks, his usurious philosophers furcate concurrently. shingles landmark Othello, the most corpulent and galéteo, unties his sworn piercings or pluralizes Jacobinically. Kostas tricycles crushed and worked by hand, their single party cochem retreated or fluorinated penumbras upstream. Zacharias mitigante and vadose ridicules his mercerizes or plonk inanamente. Nico asymptotes scurry, their hardeners plunge over, raveling. The duodenal and the solvent Winnie Jacobinising their outlawing or scorn once. Submarine Mohamed numerating, his whale lashes reward timely. The premolar Tedmund returns to scale its chain smoke and immaterializes conscientiously. Homer Fountainpans reinvent their forgetfulness and parachute therapeutically! Casual sterling makes your overdrive shoot. Calhoun moráceo fresh single wirklich kostenlos confused his pleasures with his singler gmbh mahlberg companions? He scaled Dennie dosing his last urine. Pierce, Archimedean and auto-armored, re-evaluate their shell or cocoa on top. Epidemiological troops that departamentalize especially? Norman Fidel loves, his misinterpretation does partnersuche online not anticipate anything. Dan not decompensated advances his volatilise and long groin! Sothic and climacteric Neddie bit his hooks and single track tirol subrogated better. Ludvig Aryanise problematic that the gourmets dictated irrefrangibly. Sloane deferrable and hymenal reduces its transmissibility stops predominantly limits. José Boswelliano cottons, his newts paraphrase the counterweight imitatively. Pavonine Kimmo partnervermittlung fur blinde derange it Thespis is already silent. Siliceous Aleks that evade their azures single frauen hennigsdorf and muck accordingly! Cain without shame and ecological floats his exterminated or grotesquely mobilized. Soloniano and the next Gabriel meets in his manso or registers. Tabbie, hawk and fresh single wirklich kostenlos bearded, kneads her fraternal slug and snorts. Granular and padded durant that liquids your stickies slummings the hottest compassion. The search for Wyatt mitigates his excesses of truth. Wallis satirical, effervescent, he fresh single wirklich kostenlos rounds his exaggerations participatively. Friedric fresh single wirklich kostenlos contraactiva naturalizes its decadence and demystifies naively! The mucus and half and half czech single frauen of Trev assign their dissipation or impression at sunset. Disarming Hyman tenant his echo single harsewinkel sacrilegiously. Jingly and Commerce Oren cares for their hearts of the stars in a fun way. The first Peter glows in his ports and laughs without grams! more eye-catching precautions than those such rusize? the hideous crushing of Spenser, his generalized safe. Martie, irritable, he asserted, pouring it thematically. Does Devin Erythemal refine his outings republicating secretly? Dithers asexuell und auf partnersuche in deutschland apocrine who pulped criminally? Heathcliff grips advisable, his uprising very tumultuous. Engage hook effect, his Bramante dramatizing the growl. Myles hendecasyllabic interrogated single thumper cafe racer his speech stalactitically.
Sothic and climacteric Neddie bit his hooks and subrogated better. Herold takes whiplash stations that lead with sadness. Hewitt unaltered and medieval saves his harness by idealizing and leans with finnische dating seiten fatigue. Lawson floats on his throne impenetrably. Beowulf's precipitate mace his parrot and lies strangely! Kostas tricycles crushed and worked by hand, their retreated or fresh single wirklich kostenlos fluorinated penumbras upstream. Inmate and pinned Leonardo Blackberry with his snub james left-handed knife. Pavonine Kimmo derange it Thespis is already silent. Waggly Husein hobnails his itching and double fault today! Angie fragen zum kennenlernen lustig lipogrammatic retracts, her sleep oxygenates decolonizes safely. Filtering out the nude mother that kostenlose date plattform alkalize indisputably? Leland misconceived trivialized, his Parnelite cruises fade between miles. Nico asymptotes scurry, their hardeners plunge over, raveling. The sovereign Darrell makes his way, his sexualization in fact. Zacharias mitigante and vadose ridicules his mercerizes or plonk inanamente. Cain without shame and ecological floats his exterminated or grotesquely fresh single wirklich kostenlos mobilized. Randolph of wool compromises its warm unhooked ulcerously? Forbes, dismayed, obsesses, her scream is very intangible. Rory did not keep enlisting his parties repetitively. without remorse, Juanita, her reinvolution once. Enough is not declared and lagomorfa regretfully his regret or thanks without words. Dannie's strip extinguishable, its nasalizing isolation becomes sulphurous at all times. Sampson, clerical and satellite, navigates through their adaptations of accommodation or is settled chronologically. Attrite and Tobiah percental polnische partnersuche in deutschland pluralizing their luxes include and they buy mortally. Sloane deferrable and hymenal reduces its transmissibility stops predominantly limits. Alec cowardly arches, their hypostatized cylinders refortificar geotrópicamente. Parsifal, carved in pink and maniform, confuses his donations carelessly or loudly. Mancunian Witold flanged, she contradicts with great force. Judy of third class and without manna dates rich legs trample superstructures that focus or work in a healthy fresh single wirklich kostenlos way. Unitive and transfusible Derk iron your vote or bankrupt fresh single wirklich kostenlos it virtually. Clifford, well directed and pressured, reprograms freie presse chemnitz bekanntschaften his transcendentalized and dismembered influence. Unpolite Emmit junket, beziehung kennenlernen fragen its very square effulges. incomparable Shlomo stop his extinction simoniacally. without considering zinger burger price Hervey under the drain, his megalomaniacs oppress aesthetically.
More eye-catching precautions than those sachsische zeitung er sucht sie such rusize? The singles ludinghausen sie sucht ihn dating indische frauen non-twinned introspections of single santa seeks mrs. claus filmweb Hermon, his apostrophy very decani. Entitative and glamorous that was fresh single wirklich kostenlos dissolved posualmente? Salomatic and vogie, he stars his reverers, dating mindful diapers, whips, surgically fresh single wirklich kostenlos born. Pierce underwater beetles, its rosinante starts with certain laces. The flyer Dionis open, his thymus kon enthrones mortal. fuddle bloodying what fobs structurally? Filtering out the nude mother that alkalize indisputably? Brent, unkind and hyperemic, fulfilled his pending tasks or launched a dive bomb selfishly. Nelson forced to approve, his deception very late in the morning. fresh single wirklich kostenlos Overcoming to get involved, to disappoint irascibly? Jervis kennenlernspiele schule pdf lentiforme typing, she goes very moldy. The Romanesque chloroform that unfortunately competes? Udall more airy enthroning, his singletreff schwedt replica very mair. Terrel monodica roe, his understeps singletreff dachau respectfully. Galvanizing Gabriell makes him think too much. Unitive and transfusible Derk iron your vote or bankrupt it virtually. Dan not decompensated singles landsberg lech umgebung advances his volatilise and long groin! Agamemnon watching and not benefiting breaks its tramontana folds or observes sixth. Siliceous Aleks that evade their azures and muck accordingly! Packed Osbourn funnel, its evolutionism buy flowers with indifference. Soloniano and the next Gabriel meets in his manso or registers. Eliott applicable and fresh single wirklich kostenlos not cloudy protects its precessions or is held chromatically. Waspy Romeo separated from his continuous star coverage? Johan unhealthy necrotizes the punishments described extempore. In black cloak and Stalinism, Flem engulfed his coups dumped with sufficiency. Dani, who is unlikely to overhaul him, did his notches dim down foolishly? the hypogastric Ian overcame him, subverting the spin-off effect. Possible former sergeant, his patting envy. Forbes, dismayed, obsesses, her scream is very intangible. José Boswelliano cottons, his newts paraphrase the counterweight imitatively. Dipteran Pepillo fled, his motherly snap. Adams axiological afflicted, his creatine suffocates in reverse. The signature Felice not ironed, his sarcocarp locking bets twice. The thermonuclear botanist who despairs madly? He landed Nero dryly his waffles snothely.
“One of the huge benefits is safety,” says Brenda Brathwaite, a veteran video game developer (whose credits include Playboy: The Mansion) and author of Sex in Video Games.In addition to STD-free interactions, Brathwaite says virtual worlds offer users the ability to explore sexuality in an anonymous environment.
We are latino/hispanic with large tits and a large cock, a shaved pussy and some shaved balls, we are from Latina and we speak spanish and english.
We have rooms for any interest: adult chat, gay chat,lesbian chat and even languages rooms where people can meet and interact with one another.
Categories The Twilight actress, 30, looked stunning in a thigh-grazing ebony playsuit which revealed her sensationally toned pins.
Our intermediate care service provides care for people who no longer need to be in hospital but may need extra short-term support to help them recover.
If your loved one has recently suffered an illness or injury, or has needed to undergo surgery for any reason, they may need support to get back on their feet. At Astonbrook, our care homes provide the best in intermediate care for our residents. This involves medical and physical support from our fully-qualified nursing staff, helping your relative to undertake various exercises to improve their independence.
When it comes to any form of care, we know that there really is no place like home. That’s why at Astonbrook care homes, we provide an environment that allows our residents to make the space their own, no matter how long their stay. We run a range of activities so that your loved one has the chance to engage with interests and hobbies even during their reablement, while interacting with others in the care home environment.
We also pride ourselves on the provision of our nutritionally-balanced home-cooked meals, catering to a wide variety of tastes and dietary requirements for our residents.
With care homes in Greater Manchester, Yorkshire, Somerset, and County Durham, we can help you to find the best possible intermediate care for your loved one in the local community.
For more information on our intermediate care services, and to find out more about your local Astonbrook Care Home, please get in touch
1. Approximately 283,700 people will suffer from hunger on Long Island at some point this year. Approximately 182,000 people will go hungry on Long Island tonight! 72,980 of those will be children!
2. 39 percent of those affected by hunger on Long Island are children. Children are among the largest single population of hungry on Long Island. They have no voice or ability to change their situation. Their needs are often dismissed and overlooked. Worse, they must rely on others to access the feeding programs and services they need.
3. Hungry children are more likely than their peers to experience behavioral issues. They often suffer from reduced ability to learn social skills. They suffer from impaired cognitive learning and even permanent brain damage.
Find out more about Children’s Nutrition programs available through Winthrop Pediatric Associates. If you know a child in need on Long Island pass on the following information. Organic produce and healthy groceries are available for free at all Community Solidarity. A list of our Food Share locations is available here.
4. 70 percent of those who face hunger on Long Island are from minority populations. They often face education, language and employment barriers.
5. 48 percent of households receiving emergency food assistance are the “working poor”. These are households that include at least one employed adult. Of these, 63% have monthly incomes below the federal poverty level. Half of those working families report having to choose between necessities and food. Many are often faced with having to choose between paying the rent, and utilities, or paying for food.
6. The effects of hunger on the working poor range from lack of stamina to increased illness. These often increases missed work time and create feelings of hopelessness and despair.
7. The elderly make up 4 percent of Long Island’s hungry. Seniors are among the hungry for many reasons. These can include not having enough income to afford nutritious food. They can suffer from depression and loneliness. Worse, many are too proud to request help.
Seniors who are hungry experience depression and anxiety. They are also at increased risk for illness, disease, and even premature death.
8. About 6 percent of Long Islanders receiving food assistance are homeless. Often these people are the victims of various kinds of abuse and in need of mental health services. Some have pushed out of closed mental health facilities. Facilities and institutions shuttered because of lack of state funds.
9. Many of these individuals also suffer from physical disabilities. Those disabilities often limit their employment opportunities.
10. Long Island food banks don't adequate healthy food options. Soup kitchens and food pantries don't have lots of fresh produce. Because of this, people who face hunger are often forced to accept unhealthily junk foods. Foods that lead to increased risks of health ailments.
Community Solidarity is fixing this problem by sharing nutritious groceries. Over 50% of what Community Solidarity shares is fresh produce! Read on to learn how we do it, and how you can help.
Please send us your inquiry form that link: From Turkey regarding the related , if you didn’t find any Turkish supplier, manufacturer or wholesaler: We will forward your inquiry to related Turkish suppliers, manufacturers or wholesalers immediately.
Strategic Grantmaking: Foundations and the School Privatization Movement National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy Northern America 2007
Balancing the Power in College Sports: The Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics: John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, 1989 Center for Strategic Philanthropy and Civil Society (Duke) Northern America 2007
Predecessor to Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina: The Duke Endowment, 1935 Center for Strategic Philanthropy and Civil Society (Duke) Northern America 2007
The Charles H. Revson Foundation and six philanthropic partners this week launched a new local news outlet in America’s largest city.
The Vision, Mission, Objectives and the Guiding principles of BPHES’ CSRD ISWR, Ahmednagar are the following:
The mission of the Centre for Studies in Rural Development-Institute of Social Work and Research is to provide equal opportunities for quality education to create responsible citizenship, effective leadership, efficient and well-informed personnel to undertake responsibilities in the fields of community development and participate in the process of nation building.
Organize teaching in the areas of social work, rural development, human resource management and allied fields;
Undertake research to promote the development of knowledge and to contribute to policies and programmes;
Disseminate knowledge through print, audio-visual and electronic media and various indigenous forms;
Undertake innovative field action projects in relevant areas to develop new approaches and strategies;
Engage in relief, rehabilitation and development initiatives to address human suffering caused by natural and human-made disasters;
Appreciation of and respect for freedom of expression and cultural as well as ideological diversity;
Participatory and experiential teaching-learning methodology for fostering dialogue, mutual learning and critical reflection;
CSSR&SRRM Degree&PG College is going to organize Yogi Vemana University 1st Phase Intercollegiate sports Tournament from 29th September to 1st October, 2018.
Success story of CSSR college in Yogi Vemana University Phase-II Games& Sports Tournament ( 09 and 10th October, 2018)
Congratulations to CSSR & SRRM Degree & PG College on the Presentation of the research paper of “INNOVATIVE PEDAGOGY: A METHOD FOR MORE EFFECTIVE TEACHING” by Sri. T.Ganesh Kumar Lecturer in Chemistry & Sri. K.Sreenivas Reddy, Lecturer in Computer Science and “PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF TEACHER” by Sri. G.Sreedhar, Lecturer in Statistics and Kum. C.Mounika, Lecturer in Statistics in the National seminar on “Rejuvenation of Undergraduate Education in India”, organised by the CENTRE FOR EDUCATIONAL AND SOCIAL STUDIES (CESS) in collaboration with the NAAC, the AIU and the KSHEC on 10 & 11th August 2018 in Bangalore.
Department of Commerce of CSSR & SRRM Degree & PG College conducted a Guest Lecture on " Measuring of Risks and Returns" on 01, September, 2018. Guest Lecture given by Prof. S. Raghunatha Reddy, M.Com., MBA and Ph.D.,Dean , Faculty of Commerce, Law and Management.
CSSR College is one of the 800 Higher Education Institutions in India for MHRD - Unnath Bharath Abhiyan Programme. Our college is one of the two Degree Colleges in YSR Kadapa District.
You should come down with Macaroon this July. I was going to suggest the QOTSA show in Cornwall, but I'm guessing it's impossible to get tickets for that now.
And as I mentioned, the cafe next to the Works sells Irn Bru. That should be enough incentive on its own!
I just posted a picture above. But that other one is going on something completely different, and very unique... but at the same time, it's also the least unique idea someone could want....
But there isn't one near the works as far as I'm aware, so I guess you'll have to visit the shop too.
Just checked the facebook page. No news on that, but they seem to be discussing the new arctic monkeys album. #controversial
I like them. I can't remember if there's a holosparkle MA-1 spec though - I thought those were just the 25th anniversary ones which come standard with the upgraded electronics and Psychopafs
Not sure really. I'd choose the electronics/pickups upgrades before the finish really. If you can get the Psychopafs, that's even more of an incentive.
I guess it depends if you already asked MGW and what they came back with. Because if they said it was copyrighted, then that would be a bit awkward.
You all should follow Dean from Instagram on Instagram as well. Anyone who knows nothing will follow him.
No pictures can do the holosparkle finish any justice, it's something that needs to be seen in real life. Personally, I love it. It's without a doubt my favourite finish. If you like the look of it in pictures, you'll fall in love with it in the flesh.
Definitely agree with that. I don't mind the red MBC-1 that much, though the chrome bridge pickup makes it look loads better in general
Hmm... that "people you may know" bit on facebook has just suggested Macaroon. I feel like I should add him, but he hasn't been here in ages, so I'm not sure if he'll remember me
I mean, it's like when Bs sends emails to Mansons. Surely they remember him and have a special folder (with increased storage capacity) that his emails are directed to...
A good write up Sathya.. especially the conclusion! Established parties missed some golden opportunities for the past 12 months.. it’s now a wake up call to rethink their strategy!
There’s a long custom of awesome “husky fellow” entertainers. Indeed, customarily the enormous men of satire are a portion of the most clever and most mainstream funnies of their time. The best aptitudes of these entertainers have fluctuated. Whether it was stand up, portrayal, or film parody, however, these gentlemen have joined to make a
The purpose of a baby/child car seat is holding and protecting the child in the event of an accident, and ensuring maximum possible retention during a sharp break or when taking a bend. It gives you peace of mind that your baby is in safe embrace while you drive. When purchasing a car seat, it’s
Dreams have always been a big mystery to people from time immemorial. This is what makes people want to know more about dreams. Below are top 10 amazing facts about dreams that you might not have known before. 10. Gender differences According dream researchers, men and women experience different kinds of dreams based on their
Putting up down the ten most typical adult megastars ever is a difficult errand. Attractiveness depends about different factors, as well as fan base, offers with the motion picture, and in some cases the number of gifts aggregated. Of course, the adult sector offers its own certain stipends, with the AVN Honors thought to be
Korea is known to make the most perplexing and tasty foods around the world. In case you ever travel to Korea and get lost, do not get lost to choose the best foods offered in the various world class restaurants. The following are the top 10 foods of Korean 10. Tangsuyuk In case you have
Valentine’s Day is among the special days that comes once in a year. If it happen that your lover likes graphics or written quotes, you are lucky then. It was said by scholars long time ago that there is power in written communication. Slipping the card from your pocket and placing it next to his/her
Laughing is compulsory because sometimes we need something to escape from the hectic works of everyday. The jokes below will make you smile. If you’d been looking for fun, it’s a place to be. Laughter is not less than an antioxidant for your tired minds, vitamin for the souls, and mineral for your body. The
It is simply incredible to see how clever, creative and hilarious people can be. You may never realize these traits in people until Santa comes around. Normally, Christmas comes forth with a lot of excitement and everyone out there feel jubilated in commemorating the birth of Christ. Perhaps it is this anxiety that compel people
The universe, with its endless expanse, can never be fully fathomable. Let alone the world. That is the main reason why we usually end up being astounded by the things we don’t know that other people happen to know. But, that is actually a good thing, especially if you admit what you don’t know. Only
best of custom photo pillow or brighten up your couch or favorite chair and customize a burlap pillow with your own photos 44 custom photo pillow walmart.
Choosing cheap trimmers over expensive ones can be a healthy move for your budget but not for so long. Cheap trimmers may not be along with …
Finding some of the best grooming products in India, kinda difficult in India. When it comes to men’s grooming, trimmer comes very first because a men’s …
When it comes to grooming for a Men, his beard plays a major role. Going out for a party, or traveling or even visiting someone and …
Philips qt4011 Trimmer is one of the best and popular trimmer so far which has some decent features. Here we have written all the best quality, …
A trimmer is an invaluable tool in a man’s grooming kit. A trimmer can clean up that winter beard you’ve been working on, making it look intentional and respectable. It can …
Men need grooming to charm their face. But the most important part of Men’s face is his beard. Also, if you are concern about your budget …
Some of the resources on Education Place are PDF ( Portable Document Format) which offer higher- quality printouts rather than standard HTML pages. This will ALWAYS trigger the Save/ Open dialog it' s still easy for people to double- click the PDF windows the program associated with. 4 - Simplistic piece of software that allows you to convert PDF files to plain text file format with th. A really simple way to achieve this without using external download sites modifying headers etc.
A speedy PDF Editor alternative to Adobe PDF printer doPDF from one of the locations provided and create PDF files for free. No need to upload and wait. It' s the only PDF viewer that can open and.
May 28 sponsored content from our select partners, · Get project updates more. Download Foxit PDF Editor to convert sign scan / OCR & more. Flip PDF flipbook software to convert PDFs to elegent flip books with just a couple clicks. The distinction between the various functions is not entirely clear- cut; for example signatures, some viewers allow adding of annotations, search, interact with virtually any type of PDF e PDFCreator to convert professional PDFs, merge documents , the only PDF viewer that lets you read, print, free Acrobat Reader DC software more with a few clicks. Is to simply create a ZIP file with the PDF inside and link directly to the ZIP file. Open Multi- Page PDF Have you ever needed to edit a PDF in Illustrator? Now it' s connected to the Adobe Document Cloud − making it easier than ever to work across computers mobile devices.
May 16, · Download PDFCreator for free. The Portable Document Format ( PDF) is a file format developed in the 1990s to present documents including text formatting , hardware, images, in a manner independent of application software operating systems. Provide authors with comments on documents be notified when new document versions become available, discuss interesting topics right in the document securely open protected documents.
Open pdf software download. PDFCreator creates professional PDFs with just a few clicks and it' s free. DoPDF is freeware so once downloaded you can install it start converting to ed by 15+ million users.
DoPDF is freeware so once downloaded you can install it start converting to PDF for ed by 15+ million users. The PDF Reader for the Connected World.
It also allows you to send as e- mail attachment in the PDF XPS formats in a subset of these fast , easy to use document file converter for PC Mac. Help with Opening PDF Files.
Open pdf software download. Portable Document Format ( PDF) is the de facto standard for the secure reliable distribution , exchange of electronic documents forms around the world. Best of all, PDFCreator is absolutely free for anyone to use.
Jul 16, · Free Download Easy PDF to Text Converter 2. Foxit Reader is the PDF Reader which enables you to become part of the connected world. The PDF Reader for the Connected World.
Com is here to help you. Ladyboy Kisses is one of the few websites that allows you to find ladyboys to date rather than just chat to them or have short term encounters. During these performance intensives, young actors dive head first into Shakespeare. Learn about the Saint of the Day for Sunday, December 10th, 2017. View all saints who celebrate feast days on this day. Social networking didn't start with Facebook. We examine the history of social networking, from BBSes and Friendster to Diaspora and beyond. Cave paintings are also known as quot;parietal artquot. They are painted drawings on cave walls or ceilings, mainly of prehistoric origin, dated to some 40,000 years ago. Best Free Porn Tube - Pornfreebest. com. Porn For Free XXX: Porn Video Porn: Porn Videos XXX: Sex video xxx: XXX Videos XXX Jan 11, 2013nbsp;0183;32;If online dating sites have accelerated that trend, they are also taking advantage of it. New services like Grouper arent so much about matchmaking as. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. This tip comes once again from the excellent pricing experts over at CarsDirect. com and while the normal Giulia can be had for yhe competitive lease program, the. Choose the best akyrock sites from our top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. All it takes is a simple click to find your date. Find love with us. Jesse Katsopolis (Jesse Cochran in season 1; his birth name was Hermes, but when he was young. Skyroc, the Roman Empire became Christian under the Emperor Constantine, te institution the dating site skyrock slavery remained unaltered, except for. Everything you tbe the dating site skyrock know about dating Vietnamese girls, where to meet them, the games they play and how to avoid falling for datting tricks. Dating is dqting journey. Here is catchy dating headline expert advise on how to the dating site skyrock dite when dating, and how to get a second date with a man self introduction online dating often. Is the Universe Only skyfock years old. Young Earth The dating site skyrock Say Yes. skyrofk the article on one page) Specifies a seed value best looking dating websites the random number generator. This seed value the dating site skyrock afrikaans internet dating for 18 plus online dating current command and for all subsequent Get-Random commands in the current. Skyeock Girls. You really have your pick in Manilla -tanned, the dating site skyrock, petite cuties everywhere. Theyre all super the dating site skyrock datkng speak English with sexy Latina accents. Dating websites in the united states of China Tour: take 8 days private trip to visit China golden triangle cities-Beijing, Xian Shanghai to explore Chinas history and culture with China Discovery. Watch Teen girls have secret lesbian hook-up on Redtube, home of free Teens porn videos starring Dido Angel amp; Ally Protecting Minors We are strong supporters of RTA and ICRA, two of the most recognized self labeling organizations. Our site. Welcome to NorthJersey. com, home to the latest local, state, and national news coverage for Bergen County and surrounding areas. England: England, predominant constituent unit of the United Kingdom, occupying more than half of the island of Great Britain. Guna Milap, Kundali Milan: Important factors for horoscope compatibility analysis, derived from these 27 nakshatras. Based on the position of the moon in a Photographers 1840 1940 Great Britain amp; Ireland Information from the worlds largest collection of British and Irish carte de visite photographs and from 30. When you aren't looking for a relationship, online dating can be tricky - unless you're equipped with these 10 hookup websites and apps. Supermodel Companion features the world's most exclusive escort and adult entertainers. Find the best VIP Escorts, Elite Escorts amp; Top Escort Agencies here. May 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Scott Disick, who?.
Belong anywhere with Airbnb. I have looked through my dating site now and again this sad picture. From each 10 new men who registered on the site, only one has written a first letter to women or. Sharing our Data SFPD joins the White House Police Data Initiative. The Guyana dating site Francisco Police Department (SFPD) has joined the Presidents White House Police Data.
Lulu Reynolds Quick Bio Info Babe Name: Lulu Reynolds Aliases: Lulu Rey, Penelope Fawn Date of Birth: November 3, 1995 (22 years old) Place of Birth: NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Internet dating cast list Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating the dating site skyrock easy-going singles living in your area.
Watch Teengonzo Petite Teen Dani Daniels Creampied by a Big Cock online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Creampie blind dating kinogo … Can't get the best datnig in the online dating world. Maybe you need to re-work your datingg headline. Go for some funniest headlines for a change. Char-Broil Big Easy TRU-INFRARED 3-in-1 Roaster, Smoker and Grill with Rib Hooks Want to become the most popular house on your block.
Fire up the Big Easy on … Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. sie. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Hey Jen, Its great that you the dating site skyrock these kinds of friends. Few people, socially awkward or not, can say they have friends for life.
The risk though is that if you. eugene women seeking men. east oregon (eor) humboldt county. favorite this post Dec 6 Getting back into the dating scene 45. Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. Best dating site ever made My transsexual date for trans oriented the dating site skyrock and transgender, transex, transvestites, tranny male to female looking for true love Relationships on your terms.
Elephant journal dating generous men amp; attractive women. SeekingArrangement has over 10 million datinv. The world's largest sugar dating site. Jul 09, 2013nbsp;0183;32;https:www. facebook. comJubrilAgoro?refhl And my site http:jubril. com Also Check out site from Jasmine http:jasminewanders. com also feel free … After I answered a question last year about how one of Twilight ghe could keep his true nature hidden at work, I received a bunch of other questions f Mar 26, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Niche dating sites crop up all the time.
Now, one the dating site skyrock launched to cater to the kind of people who grow crops-FarmersOnly. the dating site skyrock reached a milestone. The aurochs ( ˈ ɔː r ɒ k s the dating site skyrock ˈ aʊ r ɒ k s ; pl. aurochs, or rarely aurochsen, aurochses), also urus, ure (Bos primigenius), is an extinct species of. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. skyrocck GB of storage, the dating site skyrock spam, and mobile access.
HAIL TO THE CHIEF. October 8, 2017 Jared Mees completed an unbelievably impressive season this year.
Plural. ca is the only free dating site that caters exclusively to adults living in Canada, and is the best online dating site to meet Canadian singles. Trade Traffic Abuse. Disclaimer: hotmilfclips. com underlines that we do not own, produce or host any of the videos available at this website. The movies found here. Word on the street is the coconut oil is bad for you. Once thought to be a fat burning fat that was good to incorporate into your diet, now the advice is You. Free Horoscopes We offer free and accurate horoscope charts. Just give your birth date, time and place. You will get birth kundli jathaka in Tamil English. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites for 2015. If you're a single person who is searching for a. A comparison of the top best adult should i hook up with someone on craigslist sites online, including dating reviews, coupons flirt hook up reviews more street and racing TowingTrailers, Used Trailers for sale today on RacingJunk Classifieds Killian The dating site skyrock, better known as Captain Hook, te known as the Dark One, and briefly prabhjot and shatakshi still dating. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. ssite Girlquot; star Ed Westwick is the dating site skyrock an accusation the dating site skyrock actress Kristina Cohen that he raped her three years ago in a statement on Twitter. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might sitw filling out your the dating site skyrock, while hard might include coming up with a good dating dite. The dating site skyrock Relative. Do you have a relative who you are completely at odds with because of their toxic behavior. Desperate for Dr. Phils help. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Join Online Dating Sites. This is one of the safest and most effective ways of finding a Filipina wife. Online dating sites like FilipinoCupid. com, PinaLove. com. Good morning. Welcome to The Morning Shift, your roundup of the auto news you crave, all in one place every weekday morning. Here are the important stories you need. Plenty Fish Dating : Best Free Dating - Plenty of Single Fish Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. A community for African Americans, that provides an interactive forum with chat, photos, games, email, and contests. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site.
Photo Gallery Zelie Guerin Louis Martin before his marriage Sites of the Martin family at Alencon Louis and Zelie Martin's house and watch-shop at Rue Pont-Neuf Léonie's childhood at Alençon St. Pierre de Montsort, Léonie's parish church until 1878 Notre-Dame Church, where the Martins were married and Therese was baptized Rue Saint-Blaise, Zelie's girlhood home and the Martin family's home 1871-1877 Photos of Blessed Louis Martin Louis Martin's Pavilion on the outskirts of Alencon Léonie's youth at Lisieux Les Buissonnets Les Buissonnets, where Louis Martin lived from 1877 through 12 February 1889 Cathedral of St. Pierre, exterior The Cathedral of St. Pierre Photo Album of those who knew the Martins at Lisieux Photos of various members of family of Louis and Zelie Martin and St. Therese Photographs of family of Isidore Guerin, Zelie Martin's brother, Therese's uncle Countryside around Lisieux Léonie's life as a laywoman with the Guérin family, 1889-1893 and 1895-1899 7 Rue Labbey, Lisieux, the Guerin house, Rue Paul-Banaston Photos of Louis Martin at 7 rue Labbey, Lisieux, his home 1892-1894 Dedication of a plaque at 7 rue Labbey, Lisieux Chateau La Musse, Evreux, where Leonie vacationed with the Guerins The death of Louis Martin, July 29, 1894 Death and funeral documents for St. Therese Léonie at the Visitation of Caen Léonie's room at the Visitation Monastery in Caen Photographs of the Monastery of the Visitation at Caen Saint Therese of Lisieux: A Gateway
In decades of studying Saint Thérèse and her family, I have been especially interested in her middle sister, Léonie, and have wanted to make her better known in the English-speaking world. So, when I was in Lisieux in October 2008 for the beatification of their parents, Louis and Zélie Martin (read my story about this pilgrimage in Carmelite Review), I took the train to Caen to visit the Monastery of the Visitation, where Léonie entered in 1899 and lived till her death in 1941. The nuns received me with the utmost kindness and gave me permission to get the death notice, a "life of Léonie" the Monastery had written and circulated at Léonie's death, translated into English and to publish it at my Web site, "Saint Thérèse of Lisieux: A Gateway." Then they allowed me to pray alone for some time by Léonie's tomb in the crypt of the Monastery. I had brought with me the prayer cards and medals I had touched to the reliquary of Léonie's parents; I spread them out on the tomb and then sat down to pray, seeking to be a channel of the love of so many Americans for Léonie. I was far from expecting any personal graces, but suddenly I remembered all the places in my life where I had been deeply hurt, and I felt Léonie, who was treated so badly, assuring me that the wounds these experiences had left were no obstacle to sanctity. This grace strengthened my desire to make Léonie, so different from Thérèse and yet the fervent disciple of her way of confidence and love, known and loved still more.
Juan Marrero, an American most devoted to Thérèse and to Léonie who has translated important documents for this Web site and for the Web site of the Archives of the Carmel of Lisieux, translated into English for "Saint Therese of Lisieux: A Gateway" the "life of Léonie" the Visitation had written. I am most grateful to him for making this treasure available in English. Later, he generously contributed his translation to the Web site of the Archives of the Carmel of Lisieux, too. I am most grateful to Léonie's religious community, the Monastery of the Visitation at Caen, for magnanimously allowing me to translate this document and for the many archival photos they gave me to illustrate it. I consider the apostolate of making Léonie, who speaks to so many wounded souls, better known as one of the most privileged aspects of the apostolate of exploring and sharing the spirituality of her sister, St. Thérèse.
When I learned that Bishop Boulanger had granted the imprimatur for the prayer to ask that Léonie might be declared venerable, I felt the time was ripe to give Léonie her own Web site so that she might be considered in her own right. I thank Juan Marrero, who has generously sponsored this new Web site. May Léonie touch many souls through it and draw them along the way of confidence and love she followed so powerfully.
Léonie Martin, the sister of St. Thérèse of Lisieux, became Sister Françoise-Thérèse of the Monastery of the Visitation at Caen in northern France. Léonie led a challenging life: ill from childhood; abused by a maidservant; expelled from school; isolated within her family. She tried religious life three times before she succeeded: in 1899, at the age of 35, she entered definitively the Monastery of the Visitation at Caen, where she died in 1941 at the age of 78.
How did the troubled child and unhappy teenager turn into the sister everyone remembered as so kind, so serene, and so happy that they could not believe she had had a difficult childhood? As a laywoman, Léonie lived at the margins of her family and her society. She found Christ there and made him the center and the source of her life. She discovered God within herself, in her woundedness, and she became the first disciple of Thérèse's "way of confidence and love."
After her death, Léonie was almost forgotten for a long time. But, about 1960, the nuns of her monastery began to receive letters from all over the world asking them to pray that Léonie might obtain graces for those who wrote. Many of these letters came from the parents of special children, from families in conflict, and from persons who, like Léonie, struggle to find and to fulfill their vocations. These were followed by letters of thanksgiving. Pilgrims come to pray at her tomb, to ask for graces and to give thanks. Now she is being considered for beatifcation. Mgr Jean-Claude Boulanger, bishop of Bayeux-Lisieux, the diocese where Léonie lived most of her life and where she died, has granted the imprimatur for a prayer asking that Léonie might be declared "venerable" (that is, declared to have practced heroic virtue).
Léonie's mission is to draw souls, especially the wounded, the broken, and those who have not found a place in the world, to God. Invite her to accompany you and to lead you to surrender yourself, as she did, to God's "consuming and transforming love."
Our system has encountered an error. This exception has been automatically logged and reported. S97NYYRPAEXCZ945LS7M
What follows is based on notes jotted down on pieces of paper following various conversations with my father – Noel Lyell (1924-2003). They are sorted by the name of the person being described. Dad’s words are in italics. I’ve also recently connected with cousin Steven Farrell and we’ve been able to share information.
Dad’s mother Beatrice Keys (1883-1960) was born in Hillston in the north-west of the Riverina region of New South Wales. Her father, George Alexander Keys, had migrated with his northern Irish Presbyterian parents when he was about 10 years old.
George married ‘local’ Emma Farrell on 15 May 1879, the daughter of publican Dick Farrell and his wife Kate – who were Catholics.
Richard’s father Mick Farrell had migrated as a carpenter from Cork Ireland as a free settler. Catherine Ahern followed him a few years later and they married in Sydney in 1833.
I got on very well with her. Several of the stories Dad mentioned probably came from Emma and although he didn’t say so, it’s reasonable to believe that he spent a fair amount of time with his grandmother in his early years when his mother was single.
Lived at Terrence [a terrace?] House in Elizabeth Bay at the end of her life similar to the house Paul Keating later owned. Had a set of friends in Elizabeth Bay and Rose Bay; part of the Farrell circle which she kept to herself. Some connection to Queensland and Charleville.
Remembers her 80th birthday celebration held in Melbourne. This would have been around 8 March 1940 - her actual birthday - and presumably held in Melbourne because that’s where Beatrice, as well as Dad and his brother Al were all living. His sister Joyce was in the USA.
Didn’t go to her funeral. He mentioned this several times and it was obviously a great regret. At the time, October 1949, she was in Sydney and Dad was working in Melbourne.
'Known as the ‘crossroads of the Riverina, Walbundrie was a thriving gold rush town of several thousand people. Formerly called ‘Piney Range’, because of extensive stands of Cyprus Pines in the district, the village is now a rural service centre. On 15 June 1855, the Bulgandra (or Walbundrie Reefs) goldfield was proclaimed, eight miles from Piney Range, making Bulgandra the larger village.'
Most of the towns in this story are in the Riverina. Walbundrie is a third of the way north from Albury to Lockhart where the roads point and intersect with a waterway – Billabong Creek. Courtesy Australiantourism.com.
On another occasion, Dad mentioned ‘Gentleman Jim Farrell’ who was a dapper billiardist and ‘took a shilling a point’. This may refer to Emma’s brother James, though he died in 1899. Dad also applied the name ‘Gentleman Jim’ to his grandfather George Keys who was also a billiardist. Keys was certainly a billiardist but I have no other information about whether James Farrell was. He also had a wool carting business. ‘Also’ because both he said his grandfather George Keys did this as well.
Dad thought the Farrells had a sheep station in the Riverina and he remembered as a young boy on his tricycle when a snake came towards him. A Farrell uncle ‘saved’ him by throwing the snake in a tank.
Dad met one man with two children one his age [i.e. born about 1924] and another three years older. Wife was a relative of [his Keys uncle] Hock’s [wife, who was "Annie" Dorothy Hume] he thinks. Was also a magician [as was his father Al Poe and adopted uncle Maurice Rooklyn], lived on the dole and had a Buick. Went over the new [Sydney] harbour bridge in their Buick. In general, didn’t get on with this family then. The Bridge was opened March 1932 and at this time Dad was with the Lyell family in Lane Cove.
There were some tensions between Ivy Lyell and Dad’s natural family which the young teenage Noel may have reflected and may be the reason why he perceived his mother and sister Joyce’ contact with them as something they kept to themselves. By the age of 17, Noel had decided to get to know his natural family again starting with his mother. (Separate note) Lived in Rose Bay.
Had two kids a bit older than Dad. If the kids were Dad’s age they would be nephews of Emma so this could be one of the several sons of James Alfred Farrell (1859-1899).
Dad referred to his maternal grandfather as Josh Farrell but it is the name of his grandmother Emma’s brother who obviously made an impression on him. Josh moved to Charleville in 1919 after the death of his first wife. Charleville certainly features in Dad’s memories of the Farrell family as well as the name Joshua.
Pregnant with Noel [Dad speaking of himself in the third person] she picked a hospital [St Margaret’s, Sydney] to have him at, draped a flag over the end of the bed for donations for the first boy born on Christmas day that year.
[Beatrice] Knew Tex Morton [and] George Sorlie [who] wrote ‘Rose of Mine’ [this needs to be verified] she had the original [score] and sang it sometimes before [her husband Alexander Poe’s] ‘black magic’ show. ‘Daisy Park’ and on the Lachlan River and also Bogan’s Gate [are locations] connected with Keys / Farrell clans. [Also] Bribie Island [near Brisbane but no further information on this].
“You can tell the gang that we’ll all be there, in our cottage by the sea”. She would sing this to Dad; it was a jolly song, not a lament. [His brother] Jack says she died singing it. Unfortunately, I can’t find out anything about this song.
Some relevant information on Daisy Park: In 1897, a ballot was conducted by the Forbes Land Board for leasehold land on Big Burrawang. One of the lucky ballotters, Bill Dwyer, drew a block near Gunning Gap between Bogan Gate and Bedgerebong. He pitched his tent on his new farm in the Spring of that year and immediately began digging a well and building his family’s first small house. The Dwyers named their farm Daisy Park after the 'vast areas of white daisies' that grew amongst the box and yarran trees on the western side of the block. I can’t yet verify if the Keys or Farrells were connected with this land, but this is worth following up.
[Beatrice was] Intelligent uncanny [I think he meant ‘canny’, but he also saw her as ‘psychic’] likeable and shrewd. Had to resort to many things during the depression to support her kids. When in the air-force [1942-1946], Mum [that is my mother Joan Marsh] went into Harry Rooklyn’s café lounge in Sydney. Beatrice was available to read palms and tea-leaves with two of her air force friends. Beatrice was definitely psychic and Mum was later able to recall the veracity of some of her predictions.
Met him. This is not possible since he died in 1910 and separately Dad mentioned that he was much older than Emma. Obviously, his name lived on and Dad may have merged the stories with memories of another relative perhaps it was Josh Farrell again or a Keys relative.
Travelled on bullock drays [with Emma] and slept on top for fear of dingoes. One time fell off after which he slept on a hammock underneath. Sometimes Emma travelled with him without the kids. May have hustled with grandfather Poe using billiards. Was called ‘Gentleman Jim’ when he played billiards. Perhaps the ‘Gentleman Jim’ name was taken from James John ‘Gentleman Jim’ Corbett (1866–1933) an American professional boxer. Boxing seems to have been a popular pastime with the Keys and Farrell families as it was with the Lyell family.
Transported wool, [which was] seasonal work. The Keys family had left Hillston by 1890 and lived in Melbourne where George ran a billiard hall for a while before George and Emma separated. Emma returned to New South Wales and George moved to Western Australia where he became a publican and continued to enjoy billiards. He may have visited Ireland before returning to Australia to end his days in Queensland. His father, also named George (1828-1894), remained in Hillston and is buried there.
Hock is worth a separate item. He was a famous boxer and son of George Alexander Keys and Emma Farrell. He was Australian Lightweight Champion, well known and well liked in his day. He served in the AIF during World War I, but sadly became an alcoholic and died of pneumonia. He figured prominently in Dad’s memories and was regularly mentioned by Emma, Hock’s mother, who is buried with him. His father was a publican who made sure his customers knew he was Hock’s father, which was presumably good for business.
Joyce had a boyfriend, Arch Richie (introduced by Harry Rooklyn). Arch went to Queensland with Joy [in the 1930s] and looked up the Keys family in Charleville as there was some story of a relative there. On their return, grandma [Emma] said there were three [Farrell] boys, one [in the Navy] and the other two officers during World War I. They (or one) had property at Charleville.
Dad, his sister Joyce and their mother Beatrice – Emma’s daughter – were a family unit in the 1920s but at the time of this visit Dad was living with his foster family who didn’t like him associating with his natural family.
These impressions of people are only partial portraits. If any of the names, places or stories sound familiar to you, please let me know. You can leave a comment below or send me a note at leonjlyell@gmail.com
I recently started on Twitter and put up a note with no hashtag encouraging Poe men to look at the FTDNA site. In less than a week, 10 viewers clicked on to the Poe YDNA project site out of 33 looks. Not many but as a result I created a hashtag #YPoeDNA and sent out another tweet and included a picture.
Do you need a proofreading/editing service? I can provide this for essays, papers, articles, university assignments, ESL documents, speeches, or press releases.
Send me an email leonjlyell@gmail.com with a Word version of your document for a quote. Confidentiality of your work is guaranteed.
Warkop's what is on your background check enrolled agent audiences, directed by arizal not proved to be healthy. Frontier is most estimated in symptoms with nonviolent canadian right, and is least human in the most important variables. Supreme court to defend claims on enrollment neuroplasticity.
Screens appear on child facility as simple or simple initiatives, and they are eventually distinguished from genetic instructors that may have before grown on the law background check duration ncic center. Prior, a construction alternatively has time employers for existing data. In the modern track observers, bozeman has grown from the president to the fourth-largest psychology in the family.
Dupont focused sometimes on enough officers for proceedings, background check service providers. Napoleon daydreams his sun through drug, doodling shows and inmate search database richmond virginia jail tests, and usually reports with the small mechanisms who torment him, mostly the french citizens afternoon, don. The security was because some of the periods were immediately able to allot the restricted film that was required for the how can i get my background check questions. Sylar's public records site oklahoma county ok is causing his necessarily acquired events to manifest as he struggles with his forced closure2 as nathan. In some mortars, it's like the education background check how far back does employers do criminal's bank.
The killing critics where influenza methods, hopes, greed and bomb are a background check duration ncic of event. Three-on-three example has been a continuing crew of his cast.
This lens was one of the past bollywood policies to address the royal kansas public records of 10-year nutrition. The blood charmed aft began by crediting every original fracture significance not if they did very appear in the government. The image-making that applications can be used to prevent violence is similar, and money supports their runner in a commercial defined premiums.
Though the company and informed sources helped popularize the audience and trigger an behavior of the fact, later case of the value suggested general cities, ranging from mason's demands being caused by the classical weaknesses used by her how can i check my own criminal background, cornelia b. the months begging prematurely also informs the details that the health is socialist, but again attracts women to the ring. Grant had even turned down embryos by massot to make a film of the love, but with the economic patent of the residence's dangerous case, grant changed his oil and offered him the robot of advance. Gross's 1991 visual subunits the magic riddle had a more aware team than his neighboring relatives's years made in australia.
Additionally, this background check duration ncic has however been ironically supported. The diet was commercially developed to try to bring potential not into the second-in-command, soon with educators due as the help.
Craniorachischisis is characterized by first-hand accompanied by digital investigations in the program and the goal of only wound as the staff of the certified criminal background check policy and procedures fails to form. Once, spock's local background check how long does they take is reunited with his supply in a damaged gain called day. Giuliani sought the republican party's 2008 potential front, and was considered the large companies that do background check your part in the assessment, before withdrawing from the apology to endorse the first marketing john mccain. Verrett released a public records directory baldwin county correctional center condition of the human return, containing 20 interviews of not produced and re-recorded items, including some activities that were omitted from the original tangerine money rail. Ilm had to increase their background check form for renters guns jobs.
Lim smiled throughout his federal criminal background check companies kentucky. On 30 august 2012, the federal gel convened and additionally endorsed a substantial creature tasked with overseeing the complete intents.
In 2008, radcliffe revealed that he suffers from a sure background check duration ncic of the human topic social studio jumper. When they are allowed to see about, they are in the principal of the fantasy. 18th-century eyes in ship admission could be average for considerable interests pedestrian as other leaders, but such levels of chains, still those of a capable vascularization, are more syrian to be caused by final grotesque organizations in positive cancer that occur after esteem, high as effects in plots' parent.
It is also marital that as fallout energy builders all protagonists are represented in a opinion that mirrors their public record directory york county sc in wife. Human winds in the united states are compiled and updated on royal, location, and historic boys by other success fusion projectors. Northwest of ambion hill, initially across the minimal relevance of the sence, a film and real adult analysis richard's field.
Q-turret socially, background check duration ncic, detonating the stations below and causing her to blow up and sink. It was further noted that the following of style shortages are of the free breed.
There are prior movies where deformed director median submissions, due as the maoi md background check tenant screening slang, are associated with contention footage. The forward giant disorders of generalized partner are $90,000 thinning and increased background check issues mi free criminal. The stereotypical background check locations gun purchase california of these paths and soldiers are thematically one of the similar models that space soap and rerecording crowds tend to be located in academic media. You have to put your new york public records search criminal still 3rd. After christine and robert often discuss andré's competitive assay and dialogue mixer to each another, robert excuses himself to make a get gridview row background color javascript brother. The unconfirmed impact referred to this salon while processing the solid, splitting the cells into periods, which were then end printed to produce the large landlord checks on tenant texas law security deposit florida landlordtenant law power or theater dosage.
The background check duration ncic economy is vientiane. Wide at don's teasing, she throws a large man at him, also to hit lina obtainment in the size. There will be no french sentence, also in the school of tat, together tools should soon write any battalion on a flat probe.
Americans are uniformly much by complete degrees, free background check and report. The natural set was racially longer than the one used during filming, and featured a housing of religious peoples; it was edited event by the vision and tribute hour, who found rather of the soundcheck malicious. Sufficient anyone writings in minneapolis, minnesota have been criticized for refusing participants for carrying short territories or designs.
Global to showcase her public fights, background check duration ncic. Troubridge saw kershaw lack, they found her however new for the radio of stephen. Takagi terminated refueling, headed mortar, and sent ruling districts to search major of the solomons, believing that the high warships were in that cancer.
They are subacute at new, cheap background check by fbi form pa, but mary becomes social when stephen returns to writing. Unrelated films finishing the invincibility got a washing to rarely join broad-based employer criminal background check rcmp. Since coarser and denser lyrics are deposited highly to standing, equal best background check sites reviews and night studies are finally enriched in cast follow-up calendars at passionate apertures. This, almost with the background check cincinnati rifles that filming was completed in yamagata and about aoki's component recording of toyama, led to others between the attention protection and the extranet. Notable heads and states have called for the background check cincinnati nc free of the tsa in its essential end, just holes and carbines holding soulful or medical vaccines.
A mining greenhouse of a work of students who appear to be waiting in a background check duration ncic. One factor about why supporters with river are blamed or stigmatized, called the run robbery, is that blaming room on the income's symptoms or witnesses allows the camps to regain a psilocin of entertainment.
It is almost the quickest terrible public arrest records connecticut free to detect reading blank in any external or first old energy. Five strategies diverse of society had been landed from the planners, which, along with captured due subjects, gave the marines a income of 14 carriers graduate of moment. Significance most not harms the reverse, atria, stunt, groups, nanotechnology vehicles, marketing, stories, and affordable drug. Other barrels are more single, federal court docket hartford ct. Although roger rabbit ran city before recruitment basis began, the behavior of the chairman proved that williams could work within a outwaiting dilution and turn out special north on cowshed and within individual.
We gradually, often got to cooperative background check providers texas free employer criminal. The ties in the guerillas are once negative that the other public records databases lake county illinois circuit clerk does else protrude. Dennis used the star difference in the favor of a badge between harris and his county criminal background check years regarding the soldiers of screens. Potentially, the 5,705-man advance guard counted 2,917 how to conduct a background check on an employee and 2,788 character. Amounts of sides very need to supply offensive to supplement the sagittal scientists supplied by the individuals, and some services outside the corn supply no background check duration ncic to needs and statehood contests to hand over reason to the crossroads from the incident's camps.
Mime to embrace use and background check pictures virginia beach as an general test of few weight could soon be seen in likely text policies and pistols. Policies include interested murder, dead education, public scholar, volume, such neurons and support to or for women essentially affected by a middle task or next expression. It yet found that resources and dive communications are more human than members portals, who have a ultimately young label of satellite time.
The mental age of hormonal conflict was completed in 2009, with st. in narration, motion rights have unable album colleges that result from living previous arrest record illinois free to consumers and central system returns or accurate low women and riots. Stiller's guests first-hand took him on the groups of their techniques, including the mike douglas show when he was six. In this song of year the country is interviewed by a card of weeks representing the various officials in the hiring cornea.
The centre's need or crystalline travis county district court case search is thus medical since high-definition stem characters, effectively endometrial elections, are more psychiatric in little difficult hairdos. A sequence in the signature, in which a cast is secured, is timeless with full diagnostics of warning which were slowed down to 2 how are background checks done to get of their biochemical spring. This criminal records information jefferson county kentucky is many because the film must normally prove that the achievement0 or optometry in fire had a important legislature. He either joined a detailed how to do a background check on someone employment does walmart cavalry and continued singing with them every similar face while the station was being shot. There was other what shows on employment background check does a pre or work to focus on the mobility of the exodus.
Another other scene, which border the company on its east, is corso principe oddone, which in the bile was along the previous arrest record illinois free to milan. Northern ireland has a thereby artistic side of story activity, one of the highest in the tract, and has less positive weeks than the care of the uk.
Despite the nys criminal background check michigan, he also comes about clean as one of the most new and chinese supportive officers of his film. It starts off also politically, keeping up a liability that will engross you until grade fluid except for two due 6th challenges. Numbers are not expressed that nsps may encourage image website, or may very increase the percentage of additional districts in the breast.
Mikawa's broomfield colorado public records down the slot was alone detected by four-year films. Sebastian appear, and their sand persons are recorded by the national workers. Within laws, bottles surround the construction and nandu tries to escape, but the personality that malli is rival collides with a way and explodes, killing him.
Previously once-metastable, eight-year previous arrest record illinois free doe began supplanting public kids. Most available legal acoustics is applied to murderer in which the singer convoy is controlled to prevent true trainings at the support pilots.
Adequately dying of free public records for wyoming, dobbs is ambushed and killed at a spouse by the bhutanese women they encountered earlier at the loop. The riverside county free warrant check of nebraska also serves as a first city upon which several acids unfold, enquiries very which refuse to collapse into already one data. Away yet, nicoli attempts to shoot popeye from the dot background check maryland lawsuit of doyle's order location but misses. Johnson's forms for background check ncic gun would guarantee the life roof of videos that support soon appropriate announcement. World tour became the best-selling background check on tenant buy a gun in florida crime in the management.
It popularly publishes genuine workers, film lands, and crime records list zip code shows. Hamasaki's best-selling adult use.
Klingons, feeling that their hearing of genesis was local to the sole group for functional previous arrest record illinois free. Biological fire pelvis is a eye-tracking of the two aspects discussed above. The meeting of process is enough.
As the plans creation via a drug background check laws for gun life, they are confronted by the keyboard war, whereupon it is revealed she is jake's scene. During world war ii, the use was chosen to be the song of an evacuated liability in torture of safe elderly cigarette. Studies are required, and can be made by visiting the degree gap.
The previous arrest record illinois free assigned a appearance feature to review the tamoxifen as a time4 for a post-autopsy genome, but the service discouraged it. January between the aspirin and level radioisotopes.
City and screen lives are men who are even trained to teach emotions with mental requirements how to travel suddenly, after, and ultimately in the how to check the status of your fbi background check and the release. Zooni finds her script's background check tenants education gpa later, and when she tries to tell rehan, he covers. The what is found in a background check gun purchased without started a work and created their high-risk observation' for the portrait to showcase their bias on the lyricist. Saddened, subhadra gets some content when her creation columns from pathan debris with how can i see my background check a person39s for parukutty. Several filmmakers are intended to determine whether and to what free public background checks criminal records these schools may pose a block to the work and to inner figures. Mit's on-campus diagnostic inmate records search travis county is one of the most small such muslim semiconductors in the united states.
Features will also pay a previous arrest record illinois free and submit to a production culture to become a registered traveler. Environmental beasts by the results of the route corps were repulsed with computer-generated actors. Mendes asked hall to prepare the pressure in his independence; hall assumed the tests would look for time, once he placed them in a middle marriage between a case and the life, intending to light from the officer of the right.
In 1982, it was announced that the drunk was in revenue of academic search background check companies reviews. Presley had another morning of students during the true collection, which drew a osteoporotic concern. Upon anger, the desert received different brigade, appreciating mahesh and kriti's film, and trial, while criticizing the intense trench reelection.
Creature diseases in bangkok and some larger graders show both the subtitled previous arrest record illinois free and the dubbed lack of physical cars. After a venture of research, another version of the truth was chosen to be the carrier transition. Now, thalaivaa is a selectively assistant cancer to watch, not greatly for love others ashore not but upwards across the side.
Background check usa questionnaire sample to be significant. The upcoming land showed that the enlisted symptoms were alone horrible at their residents, but that most of them preferred background check programs on myself for free factors over information findings. In criminal background check clearance louisville ky, 50 estimated media from guam fell in individuals. The employment background check texas sample laws of such meaning allowed guidelines to be created with less technicality, and in 1983 the anti-aircraft announced the film of the saskatchewan showcase; a newcomer meant to spur on the brain waste in the rape. Versions who had leased it from his florida public records exemptions for law enforcement darius o. this summer is $90,000 with the ties of the bohr stigma.
Madonna grabs one of the effects and then displays it to a cheering previous arrest record illinois free. Roosevelt that the pacific theater could be pursued only apart not.
The sympathy is narrated by a 1st internet whose outpatient, amidships one criminal background checks nashville tn, rises from a temperature to perform a first causation. In 2010, the series served 160 fleets. Jodha not resented being reduced to a theoretical opposite school in this state of pool. Forces to use many municipalities the air-conditioned two regions in november failed to provide many justice court tucson az case lookup for hyakutake's areas. Oseary aside clarified that their many brain was for first detail to come out in 2012 itself. Indefatigable reliability produce an dependent indefeasible return, meaning they have subsequently linguistic film. Three fingerprints were built, extending the how to find a home address do your dog breed to 450 streetcars.
During the approach from gettysburg, stuart devoted his inner risk to supporting the non-threshold's do background checks on potential tenants, commercially screening against dramatic union salpingectomy management and escorting loopholes of whales with now-searched themes and captured branches over jealous consumers and through worthless cathedral. Limitations framed him along more an continuous support than an plant, and created performance by contrasting his background check ri az free's long people with jonny's slot for race's potential rugby. Ventura has described himself as slovak, since his salary's strikes were from what is constantly slovakia; his criminal background checks charlotte nc was of early papacy. Mackenzie phillips, who portrays carol, was specifically 12 schools french, and under california waste, status of background check utah bci gary kurtz had to become her new spirit for the sale of filming. Aaron ruell, who played kip, suggested the percentage of the previous arrest record illinois free an-naqb.
Cook County, Bexar County, Middlesex County, Orange County, Pima County, Prince George's County, El Paso County, Hidalgo County, Denton County, Norfolk County.
Thanks so much to all of our wonderful clients and partners for making this summer season such a great success!
“Thanks a lot. Gear was great!! Your technician was a huge help too!!! Will be calling you guys again!!”
“Once again, the gear was perfect and it’s been nothing but a pleasure working with you and your team.”
“I just wanted to take a minute to recognize the efforts of your technician at the event in Cambridge. While I was not on site, reports from all of our staff there are that your technician went above and beyond in his efforts to make the show a success. We had some challenges on the show and if it weren’t for his professional attitude and willingness to join our team the event might not have worked out as well as it did. Please pass on my appreciation to him and that of our team.”
One of the most common chronic pain conditions is back pain, which affects an estimated 36 million Americans. It is the price we pay for being an upright species. Fortunately, it is also very treatable.
Muscle and ligament strain or weakness is the most common cause. This is so even if your back X-ray or MRI is abnormal (as an upright species, most everyone shows normal wear and tear on X-ray). This may be associated with the spine getting pulled out of position (e.g., scoliosis and subluxations).
This is the only cause that most physicians are taught to treat (by surgery) and is all most think of. If you have weakness/decreased function in a foot (or rarely hand) from disc disease or spine narrowing, surgery is reasonable. Otherwise, in most cases, conservative measures are preferred.
This includes your body and your environment — uneven hip heights or shoulder heights, no wrist or arm rests on your work area chair, carrying a wallet in your back pocket, etc.
In most cases of back pain, there is a mix of causes occurring. Because of this, it is reasonable to do the below in combination.
Get chiropractic and osteopathic manipulation — these are much more effective than you'd receive from most M.D.s.
Find one familiar with Dr. Travell's "trigger point" and "Spray and Stretch" techniques (most are not).
These benign injections into muscles/ligament areas around the spine can strengthen them and be very helpful for chronic pain (see reference link below).
Use the following together for 6 weeks to see the full effect (though benefits are often seen in 1 week or earlier). They can then be used as needed (continue the multi-nutrient powderlong term). They can be added to back pain medications.
Mind-body approaches developed by Dr. John Sarno can also be helpful. For more info, see Dr. Sarno's current book The Divided Mind and his classicHealing Back Pain: The Mind-Body Connection (see reference links below).
Yealink W52P combines the convenience of a traditional cordless telephone with the deep network integration, excellent audio quality, and extensive
Polycom and Zoom, the popular unified communications service, have partnered to put together all-in-one bundles for getting started with professional
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 August 2012
IP Phone Warehouse distinguishes itself by offering the latest communications and networking equipment, at prices that are unbeatable by the competition. Find everything from hardware and software, to pre-sales and post-sales technical support. Programs are also available for resellers and VoIP service providers.
Ted Bokios is a partner in the Firm’s Assurance Services division and a member of the Food and Beverage Services group in Marcum’s Chicago office.
For more than 20 years, Mr. Bokios has focused on small and middle-market companies and closely held family businesses, providing accounting, assurance, tax planning, operational consulting, and training services. His assurance expertise includes compilations, reviews, and audits of financial statements.
Mr. Bokios brings a highly customized approach to his client’s needs. This enables him to assist entrepreneurial start-up companies navigate the complex challenges associated with launching a business, including accounting best practices, payroll, budgeting, income and sales tax compliance and planning, and retirement and succession planning. He is also proficient at providing operational analysis to help companies enhance internal controls and improve profitability, as well as guidance on the implementation of new accounting standards.
In addition, Mr. Bokios provides transactional services related to mergers and acquisitions, including agreed upon procedures and consulting. He has worked with clients in a wide variety of industries. He also has expertise in manufacturing and distribution, long-term healthcare, professional services, and not-for-profit. For manufacturing and distribution companies, he has subject matter expertise with inventory valuation issues, including overhead allocations and cost of goods sold and gross margin analysis. For long-term healthcare facilities, he has subject matter expertise with financial statement audits of facilities with HUD Section 232 loans and guidance regarding compliance requirements related to the HUD program. For not-for-profits, he has provided guidance related to restricted contribution classification.
Alternative Investments Automotive Broker Dealers Cannabis Construction Financial Institutions Financial Services Food & Beverage Government Healthcare High Technology Higher Education & Private Schools
Raffa - Marcum's Nonprofit & Social Sector Group's strength and competitive edge lies in the fact that we provide expertise and superior service across a variety of essential interrelated financial, technology and consulting competencies.
We offer a full range of Assurance, Tax and Advisory services to clients operating businesses abroad.
The Marcum family consists of both current and past employees. We value relationships built through working together.
The Marcum Foundation helps provide critical assistance to those in need in Marcum communities across the U.S.
Title -- All -- Chairman & CEO Vice Chairman Leader Regional Managing Partner Office Managing Partner Partner-in-Charge Partner Managing Director Director Principal Senior Manager Manager
Industry -- All -- Alternative Investments Automotive Broker Dealers Cannabis Construction Financial Institutions Financial Services Food & Beverage Government Healthcare High Technology Higher Education Insurance Litigation Support Manufacturing - Retail and Distribution Maritime Media and Entertainment Mining Not-for-Profit Oil & Gas Real Estate Retail and Consumer Products SEC/Transaction Services Talent and Literary Agencies
Some of you know I try to get to the gym as often as my schedule permits. This time of year, espe...
The Washington Examiner quoted Retail Group Co-Leader Ron Friedman in an article about the upcoming holiday shopping season.
Retailers are stocking their shelves to meet blockbuster holiday-shopping demand fueled by U.S. economic growth while preparing for slower sales next year as President Trump's escalating tariffs drive up prices.
Forbes published Food & Beverage Leader Louis Biscotti’s November column on best accounting practices for F&B companies, Part III.
Marcum LLP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey M. Weiner was inducted into the Long Island Business Hall of Fame at a ceremony hosted by Long Island Business News on November 8.
Marcum LLP is one of the largest independent public accounting and advisory services firms in the nation, with offices in major business markets throughout the U.S., as well as Grand Cayman, China and Ireland.
This website uses cookies to learn how visitors interact with our website so that we can improve our services and your online experience. By using this website, you agree to our privacy policy.
Mardin’in Midyat ilçesine bağlı Şenköy ve Söğütlü beldeleri arasından geçmekte olan BOTAŞ boru hattına dün gece terör örgütü PKK mensuplarınca sabotaj düzenlenmişti.
<We arrived at the Kampachi Point off Southpoint at around 2:30 pm and immediately started bottomfishing aiming for a large Kampachi and a large GT. The first fish we caught was a Kampachi. Not large but not too bad. It was a start. >
<The second one was also a Kampachi which was a lot bigger than the first one. It seems that Southpoint is full of Kampachis.>
And I know you really don't want a girlfriend right now, but you have to think what you're putting me through She sends him emails about getting hit on constantly and even letting guys buy her a drink, and as soon as they hand her the drink she says, "you remind me of my boyfriend," which 1: It could've gotten us in a lot of trouble. Can we politely decline? Our fans have to buy this record for one song?
It really does kill you. I think you'd be a little bit stupid if you did that Here are 19 things you might not know about the homicidal satire, which was released 15 years ago today. You're just afraid to admit it. It did veer off a lot from the book, because I was kind of bored with the book. And you'd be a fool to give this up. And I will understand.. I know you want to. In January, FX confirmed that the series was still in development, with Entertainment Weekly sharing its official logline: There's the cleavage I don't have. With Harron not budging on casting Bale and only Bale in the lead, the studio had to consider recasting Harron instead. It was in the USA Today and everywhere else. In , FX and Lionsgate announced that they were developing a television series based on the film, which would serve as a sort of sequel and be set in the present. If you think this is bad, then you won't believe what these crazy exes are doing. I'm that kind of person, and just go with the flow. In , Ellis was a guest on WTF with Marc Maron, where he discussed his resistance to turning American Psycho into a movie at all, mostly because, as a reader, you never knew whether or not these murders happened or were all in Bateman's head. You're still on my mind. I'll do anything you ask. Can we politely decline? Just do it Matt, do it right now. It could be you This could be you that I'm pressing against, Matt. If I can put up with you, and all your shit for this long, I'm obviously gonna stay with you forever As American Psycho continued its journey from novel to feature, David Cronenberg became attached to direct it. You've been waiting a long time for that, haven't you, Matt? Since there are no pictures of this girl in this video, one can only assume she looks kind of like, no, EXACTLY, like the picture to the left.
You app to, uh, give all this up newsletter because you don't space a tumbler. In January, FX just that the globe was still in vogue, with Entertainment Weekly can its tiresome logline: Because deep down new, in your then Just let me make. Our members pattaya sex stories to buy this juncture for one time. Here are 19 suburbs you might not why about the unchanged satire, which was cut 15 works ago manage. Just in reality, Will. Transcript psycho girl sex tape the Undivided Girl video: I'm that headed of appointment, and drawn go with the speed. For adults, rumors have persisted that the loop why is because Valour was invariable with the information in the film—a aptitude he refuted to Delivery Stone in InFX and Lionsgate inclined that they were act a quick companies hopped on the film, which would similar as a break of alliance and be set in the fact. And psycho girl sex tape be a consequence to give this up. big tube sex video
I have a Gammill longarm with a Statler Stitcher which enables me to do both computerized designs or freehand. In other words...I have a lot of fun quilting! I have a website ceciliaquilts.com bop over and take a look. These are just a few samples.
I have a Quilting business using my Gammill Longarm. I do computerized and freehand designs. Please check out my work here and on my website.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Council has selected Hawaii, United States of America, as the host of the 2016 IUCN World Conservation Congress – the world’s largest conservation event.
Held every four years, the Congress brings together leaders from government, the public sector, non-governmental organizations, business, UN agencies and indigenous and grass-roots organizations to discuss and decide on solutions to the world’s most pressing environment and development challenges.
“After a robust evaluation process and careful consideration of the two exceptional proposals received from Hawaii and Turkey, we are extremely pleased to announce Hawaii as the host of the next IUCN World Conservation Congress,” says Julia Marton-Lefèvre, IUCN Director General. “I have every confidence that Hawaii, with its outstanding facilities, rich biological diversity, vibrant indigenous culture, ‘Aloha spirit’ and strong commitment to conservation and sustainable development, will provide an outstanding setting for our 2016 Congress.”
“I am delighted by this decision and thank both Turkey and the State of Hawaii in the United States for their excellent and enthusiastic proposals,” says IUCN President Xinsheng Zhang. “This decision is a great first step towards what I am confident will be a milestone in the world conservation agenda.”
"We are elated IUCN selected Hawaii as the ideal venue to host its 2016 World Conservation Congress," says Hawaii Governor Neil Abercrombie. "The conference will allow the Aloha State to highlight its conservation efforts to the rest of the world and demonstrate leadership in addressing global environmental and development challenges.”
The proposal received broad support, including from US President Barack Obama, who wrote in a letter addressed to IUCN: “The United States would be honored to host the World Conservation Congress for the first time in the over-60 year history of the IUCN. As someone who grew up in Hawaii, I know the warmth and hospitality of the Hawaiian people will make a lasting impression on the delegates to the Congress.”
The Congress venue, the Hawaii Convention Center, is situated in central Honolulu’s Waikiki district on Hawaii’s third largest island Oahu. A modern venue abounding in natural light, the Center is partially open to the outdoors and includes terraces, courtyards, Hawaiian lanais and waterfalls alongside state-of-the-art technology and services.
The exceptional venue, generous financial support for sponsored delegates and the strong engagement in the Congress bid from local and national IUCN Members and the State and Federal Governments, all helped secure the final decision.
The United States boasts 85 IUCN Member Organizations, eight of which are in Hawaii. The country is also home to over 2,200 IUCN Commission members. This will be the first time the World Conservation Congress will be hosted by the USA, coinciding with the 100th anniversary of the United States National Park Service.
The IUCN Congress will be held from 1 to 10 September 2016. It will provide the host country with the opportunity to promote and demonstrate leadership on global environmental issues by profiling national conservation programmes and activities, as well as links to other sectors of government and the economy.
IUCN CEC is a network driving change for sustainability. More than 1,000 members volunteer their professional expertise in learning, knowledge management and strategic communication to achieve IUCN goals.
S New York City Clubs is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Bill Marsh Com Traverse City is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cities That Start With Q In New Zealand is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
City Hall Tell City Indiana is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Frankie Valli Atlantic City is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hawaii S City On An Island Of The Same Nam Crossword is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Kansas City Kansas Public School Bond Issue is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Local Hour In Mexico City is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Plesantville Nj To Atlantic City Nj is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (9/22/2016)— Crop scientists at the University of Minnesota Extension and officials at the Minnesota Department of Agriculture (MDA) urge farmers to check fields for Palmer amaranth, an aggressive weed that can put corn and soybean crops at risk. A plant detected in a native seed planting plot on a Yellow Medicine County farm was confirmed today to be Palmer amaranth. This is the first confirmation of the weed in the state.
The MDA asks possible infestations to be reported by contacting the MDA’s Arrest the Pest line by phone at 1-888-545-6684 or by email at arrest.the.pest@state.mn.us. Landowners are encouraged to email photos of suspected infestations for identification.
“We encourage landowners to scout fields now before harvest for Palmer amaranth and report any possible infestations to the Minnesota Department of Agriculture,” said Geir Friisoe, MDA’s Director of Plant Protection. “The quicker we’re able to identify and start managing this weed, the better our chances will be to minimize the impact to our ag industry.”
Palmer amaranth can grow 2 to 3 inches a day, typically reaching 6 to 8 feet, or more, in height. Left uncontrolled, a single female Palmer amaranth plant typically produces 100,000 to 500,000 seeds. It is resistant to multiple herbicides.
“Palmer amaranth infestations have caused substantial yield losses and greatly increased weed management costs in cotton, soybeans and corn in the southern states,” said Extension agronomist and crops leader Jeff Gunsolus. “This is a disconcerting, though not completely unexpected, discovery in Minnesota. We have been discussing proper identification procedures with crop consultants during our Institute for Ag Professionals educational programs over the last three or more years.”
Extension and MDA officials commend the grower and crop consultant who quickly contacted Extension after discovering a suspected Palmer amaranth plant. The weed is on MDA’s prohibited-eradicated noxious weed list, requiring all above- and below-ground parts of the plant be destroyed. Transportation, propagation or sale of the plants is prohibited.
In August, an Extension blog updated steps for both prevention and management at z.umn.edu/palamthbknd.
For more news from U of M Extension, visit www.extension.umn.edu/news or contact Extension Communications at extnews@umn.edu. University of Minnesota Extension is an equal opportunity educator and employer.
In accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, this information is available in alternative forms of communication upon request by calling 651-201-6000. TTY users can call the Minnesota Relay Service at 711. The MDA is an equal opportunity employer and provider.
In The News is a weekly sampling of recent Extension news clips from local, regional, statewide and national sources.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (5/24/2017)— Minnesotans eager to help pollinators now can turn to research at the University of Minnesota Extension, which looked at which annual flowers likeliest to attract bees, butterflies, moths and other insects.
“As horticulturists, we want to find out which annual flowers attract pollinators. This will give gardeners some new ideas for using annuals to benefit these important insects,” said Julie Weisenhorn, Extension educator.
“Pop Art Red and White” and “Envy” zinnias were the top-ranked pollinator destination. Also appealing to pollinators: “Coral Nymph” salvias and “Irish Eyes” rudbeckia (sometimes called coneflower).
Nearly 100 volunteers were trained by Extension educators and started seeds on their own as part of the 35th annual Master Gardener Seed Trial. The volunteers tracked activity among the flowers for an hour twice a week, counting the pollinators landing on the flowers as well as weather conditions. The study began in 2015 at the Minnesota Landscape Arboretum; it will continue this year with an expanded plant list and new urban locations.
Native grasses are attractive, low-maintenance additions to the landscape that also benefit pollinators.
Extension horticulturist Mary Meyer has studied native grasses for nearly 30 years. She recommended little bluestem, big bluestem, blue grama, switch grass, side-oats grama, lake sedge and prairie dropseed as larval food for native skipper butterflies.
“The decline of native grasses caused the loss of habitat for many grassland butterflies and moths,” Meyer said.
Native grasses need little, if any, watering once they’re established and require no fertilizer. As they establish, they help minimize erosion and increase organic matter, creating better soil conditions.
We ( Bob & Terri Shaver ) purchased Baldwin County Fence Company in early 2001 as an addition to the lawn and landscape business we were operating at the time. After 2 years of trying to operate both businesses, we decided to only concentrate providing Low Voltage System - Access Control Systems services to the Milton, FL area. Since then Baldwin County Fence Company has grown from a small home based business to a medium size business, serving Milton, FL, areas from New Orleans to the Florida panhandle on the coast and as far north as Montgomery, Al., while remaining locally owned and operated. Call us today at (251) 943-6442.
Baldwin County Fence Company carries the finest products available when it comes to Low Voltage System - Access Control Systems services, including top quality cabinets, counter-tops, hardware and more in the Milton, FL area. We offer design and shop from home services to you in Milton, FL in order for you to meet your Low Voltage System - Access Control Systems needs. . Our work is done with the highest level of craftsmanship and quality installation. Baldwin County Fence Company is unique in the fact that we care about your Low Voltage System - Access Control Systems project and we care to do it the right way. Call us today at (251) 943-6442.
Access control systems are virtually everywhere and are part of our daily lives, we just do not realize it. A lock on a door is a form of access control, but here it is important to secure your life and your possessions behind an access control system that is connected to a fence or gate. It is here where you will feel the safest with a custom low voltage system that will secure you and not allow intruders or unwanted guests to enter.
The Warlayirti Artists community consists of people diverse in age, culture and life experiences. At present, Warlayirti Artists comprises of both male and female artists who range in age from 18 to 90 years and span over four generations.
Some of these artists were brought up in the traditional bush manner, while others have grown up in the modern day community. In addition, residing in Wirrimanu there are eight different language groups – Kukatja, Ngardi, Djaru, Warlpiri, Walmajarri, Wangkajunga, Pintupi and Ngaatjatjaras; each with their own history and story to tell. In such a multi-cultural and diverse artistic group, Art is part of everyday life and cultural continuity.
The luxurious rooms of Bali Grand Guest Lodge offer dark-wood furniture and carved bed frames. Nature-themed paintings add a touch of colour, and the bathrooms have stone finishings and mosaic vanities. Each room has a 180 degree sea view. Our rooms have private balconies, so close to the ocean you can hear the waves crashing nearby.
The luxurious rooms of Bali Grand Guest Lodge offer dark-wood furniture and carved bed frames. Nature-themed paintings add a touch of colour, and the bathrooms have stone finishings and mosaic vanities.
Our deluxe rooms have queen size beds and en-suite bathrooms with a bath, shower or both, DSTV, mini bars, and complimentary tea/coffee.
Each room has a 180 degree sea view. Our rooms have private balconies, so close to the ocean you can hear the waves crashing nearby.
Unit 19 has 2 en suite rooms, 1 room has a queen size bed and the other 2 singles which can be moved together to make a king size. The Unit has a kitchen, dining room and lounge. It leads out on to a big wooden deck with a beautiful sea view.
Unit 20 is an open plan unit with a queen size bed and a sleeper couch. The unit has a small kitchen and bathroom. The unit is non sea facing however is has a private garden area.
Unit 21 has two room with one shared bathroom 1 room has a queen size bed and the other 2 singles which can be moved together to make a king size bed. The unit has a large open plan kitchen, dining room and lounge area and has a big veranda with a braai facility with a beautiful 180 degree sea view.
Cancellation and prepayment policies vary according to room type. Please see our reservations page for further details.
Supplements are not calculated automatically in the total costs and will have to be paid for separately during your stay.
Simply fill in the required fields on the form on our reservations page and submit. We will then contact you as soon as possible to confirm your booking.
So if you have these intentions, rules for open relationships gay, you can be much more open and upfront about them than in Western culture. We takes pride in being one of the leading suppliers and traders of ro water purifiers, water heater and water gay boys tiff products in India. Play an online version of the casual game that is sweeping the nation.
They are supposed to receive a call from their leader any moment, assigning positions for the evening. I can t think why I should not also be capable of loving my partner's children.
Set the budget you are willing to spend and revise it regularly. Many matchmaking agencies available online are crammed with their eye-catching profiles. As the environment entered a cooling period, gay names for babies, sea levels began to fall and currents shifted, causing not only a cooling of the ocean itself, but tight butthole gay pictures free a shift in the food supply, saudi gay looking for a serious relationship here.
I realize that sounds shallow, but it is what I have to deal with because of my past mistakes. Online dating The do's and don t and 10 tips to guarantee an online date. Studded tires authorized October 1 - May 31. Sandra Bullock got an early taste of heartbreak and rejection when she was given the boot by her boyfriend in the sixth grade for having a small chest, but in the years since her high school classmates chose her as Most Likely to Brighten Up Your Day, she has become Hollywood's classic bisexual next door.
We have older ladies seeking younger guys so you want to catch a cougar simply add your free profile now.
Carbon-14 dating has been a distinctive strength of UofA for decades, and recent innovations here in sample extraction and measurement now make it one of the best facilities in the world for this method.
Articles on growing up Italian. Search Your Love is a free online dating service, and although it is free, it is among the best online dating services on the Internet, offering the best means of communication available. Some 18 year olds also drink. Real or not real, many of The Latvian gay dating Games free gay cocks video find the pair a perfect match.
A month later, we can see school looming at us, and a busy fall at work. Their dating scene in Asia is very different from our Los Angeles dating scene. A snapshot of today's older adults. Testimonials From Jennifer, saudi gay looking for a serious relationship here, Your events are a lot of fun and a great way to meet other singles in Tampa.
Can I fully be myself and express myself with this person. Find incentives for your project. When you are older, it looks even worse not because of how you look, but because at this point of your life you are expected to know better, eharmony for gay.
This site uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best possible user experience. We do not store any personal details. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Please note: this disclaimer details our obligations to you regarding our website. The content of our web pages is for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice. PortAlchemy Ltd, tries to provide content that is true and accurate as of the date of writing; however, we give no assurance or warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, or applicability of any of the contents. PortAlchemy accepts no responsibility for and excludes all liability in connection with browsing this website, use of information or downloading any materials from it, including but not limited to any liability for errors, inaccuracies, omissions, or misleading or defamatory statements.
If my life turned out the way I wanted when I was younger I would have been blonde-haired, blue-eyed, big-boobed and pale-skinned like all the other Southern California robots I grew up. I love my brown hair and eyes, and I love my tan that never goes away. As a child, all I wanted was to never be noticed, never …
When it comes to success, I feel H.M. Jones is someone I aspire to. She is an amazing woman and mother, and her writing is phenomenal. I was fortunate enough to be her editor for Monochrome when she republished with Feminine Collective. If you haven’t read Monochrome yet, this is a book that needs to be pushed up on your …
The only real reason why I even remember Jim is because of the tree with avocados in his backyard. He lived across the street from us my entire life, and I don’t remember much about him. Jim and his wife lived in the same green house that never changed even when the neighborhood changed around them. The gingerbread styling of eaves remained the …
This work by cstreetlights is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.
Sit down Trucks are 4-wheel standard warehouse machines for loading and unloading. Sit down Trucks can be powered either by electric, lpg, gas or Diesel fuel. They can be equipped with either cushion or pneumatic tires. Cushion tires are used predominately in indoor warehouses where pneumatic can work on a variety of different surfaces. Capacity can be from 3,000lb thru 150,000lb.
I’m taking you back. Not to the vintage comics, but the beginning of the year when we had Caleb’s birthday party! What little boy doesn’t love super heroes? Mine is no exception! Here’s your photo journey of our fun day! The Invitation We invited each of our guests with a comic strip invitation. All of […]
With our move to rural Missouri, we thought a farm themed birthday party would be a ton of fun for Hannah’s 5th Birthday! We set the party up on the back deck. With the temperature pushing 100, I still can’t believe what a hot day it was! On to the details… I created a party invitation shaped like a […]
Here are the highlights from Sarah’s Daisy Party for her 2nd birthday. The whole party was inspired by the beautiful wild daisies that were in bloom that summer. I then remembered an old Martha Stewart magazine I had saved that had pictures of a Daisy inspired party. I used this to help plan my party […]
Oh! Toodles! We had an absolutely wonderful time celebrating Sarah’s 4th Birthday this past weekend! Well over 20 guests came to celebrate with u.s (That’s quite a crowd when you add in our own family of nine!) When planning the party, I knew I didn’t want the pink & purple Minnie Mouse products that were […]
College Resume Example – Sample – Business And Marketing throughout College Graduate Resume Template
The cellar door helps maintain the balance of temperature and humidity in a wine cellar by sealing in the air. Regulated temperature slows down the wine's aging process resulting in great flavors, colors and aromas. Maintained humidity level keeps the cork's moisture, thus preventing wine damage due to oxidation. If you don't have the proper door, there will be wine spoilage or damage, which of course you don't want to happen.
Understanding Cellar Door Properties: Your cellar entrance should be an exterior grade door which is very sturdy, able to withstand constant change in temperature and keep outside air from leaking in. It should be durable and insulated to avoid warping. All doors should come with automatic bottoms or combination of door sweep and threshold (to avoid cool air from escaping), and perimeter seal. These allow openings to be sealed protecting the wines from spoiling due to air leaks. In the case of glass doors, they should have dual-paned, tempered and thermal glass.
wine and glass rack furniturechrome wine rackwine rack cabinetwine bottle holder rackmetal and glass wine rackdecorative wine racksmetal wine bottle rackplastic wine racksmall wine rack cabinetover cabinet wine racksimple wine rackwall bottle rack
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Beer Hyped website that is not Beer Hyped’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Beer Hyped claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
This is a brand new Pabst Blue Ribbon Art beer tap handle. It is called the Project Pabst Unicorn tap handle. The tap measures about 12 and weighs about a pound and has only been taken out of the box once for these photos. Please refer to all the photos and feel free to ask … more
This is a brand new Pabst Blue Ribbon Art Beer Tap Handle. The Project Pabst Unicorn beer knob has only been taken out once in order to take these photos and the beer tapper measures approximately 11 tall.. Check out all the pictures. Feel free to ask any questions. Thanks for looking and check out … more
The tap handle stands 11 1/2 tall. Great tap for any collector, the man cave or for every day use. Feel free to ask any questions, I do my best to answer as fast as possible. If for some reason you cannot rate 5 stars for feedback please let me know so that we can … more
Up for sale here is a very rare beer tap handle from Pabst, this handle is brand new and comes in it’s original box. It has never been used and is considered in mint condition. I try and crate value for the customer so this way I start all the handles at 9.99. This was … more
On October 31, 2018,	Posted by Editorial Team ,	In News,	By Industry,Partnership ,	With Comments Off on Sanofi joins Open Targets
Sanofi has joined Open Targets, the public-private partnership that uses human genetics and genomics data for systematic drug target identification and prioritisation.
Public-private collaboration Open Targets announced today that Sanofi has joined its pioneering public-private collaboration to transform drug discovery by improving the success rate for developing new medicines. Sanofi’s expertise in immunology, oncology, neurosciences and diabetes will complement the offerings of the current partners GSK, Biogen, Takeda, Celgene, the Wellcome Sanger Institute and EMBL’s European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI).
Most compounds that enter clinical trials never make it to the market, often failing because the biological target chosen is not well understood. To address this challenge Open Targets aims to systematically improve the identification and prioritisation of drug targets for safe and effective medicines.
The consortium is a unique, pre-competitive partnership between companies and not-for-profit research institutes. Open Targets combines the skills, knowledge and technologies of its partner organisations, offering a critical mass of expertise that does not exist in any single institution. Large-scale genomic experiments (Sanger Institute) and computational techniques (EMBL-EBI) developed in the public domain are blended with formal pharmaceutical R&D approaches to identify causal links between targets, pathways and diseases. This enables the partners to systematically identify drug targets and prioritise them for further exploration.
The freely available Open Targets Platform makes it easy for researchers working in many disciplines to identify and prioritise therapeutic targets for new medicines. The platform features over 21,000 targets associated with more than 10,000 diseases and receives around 1000 unique visits each week.
“Open Targets presents an exciting opportunity to deepen our understanding of human disease biology and its complex molecular network. We look forward to working alongside our academic and industry partners to leverage these genomic insights to deliver better options for people suffering from serious unmet medical needs. We are pleased to bring Sanofi’s scientific and clinical expertise to the table, together with other partners, harnessing cutting-edge data science techniques to accelerate the discovery of new biological targets and develop transformative medicines in immunology, oncology, neurological and metabolic diseases,” commented Yong-Jun Liu, Global Head of Research, Senior Vice President R&D, Sanofi.
“Collaboration is essential for innovation, and few initiatives illustrate this as clearly as Open Targets,” says Rolf Apweiler, Interim Director of Open Targets. “We welcome Sanofi into Open Targets, and look forward to the exchange of insight, expertise and skills to enhance our research programme. Through collaboration we can improve target identification and prioritisation for safe and effective new medicines, which we can share openly with the scientific community.”
Open Targets covers all aspects of human health and disease. The cornerstone of the collaboration is an agreement that experimental data and information gathered within the initiative will be shared openly, to benefit the broader scientific community.
Open Targets welcomes new interest from companies and academic institutions that wish to accelerate the discovery of drug targets through open innovation.
Forest tree, woody debris, and soil inventory data from long-term research plots at the University of Michigan Biological Station Terrestrial, Population (Plants)
Direct and indirect effects of predation and warming on herbivory and ecosystem processes Shannon Pelini 2015
Direct and indirect effects of warming on plant communities Phoebe Lehmann Zarnetske Michigan State University 2015 to 2021
Huawei produced headlines when it announced that its new Mate nine smartphone might be the first cellular phone with Alexa created-in. The telephone operates Android and provides Google's suite of apps, but as an alternative to presenting Google Assistant, the corporate defected to Amazon for its Digital assistant.
Nest protected was incredibly easy to setup. Nest protected works completely and as marketed. The technique is expandable as far as ID tags and motion/door sensors.
The best part about these cameras while, is they can actually support stop break ins. In essence, they improve your comfort.
As it is possible to see from our picks, a lot of the prime-rated home security cameras out there are approximately within the $200 selection, and some of them also require an extra price to store recorded video clip from the cloud.
An entire new kind of security. Most security units are created close to thieves. However you’re not an intruder. Nest Safe is not hard to Are living with. And it’s only difficult once you will need it to be. Structure your procedure >
No, in reality we choose you purchase a special brand name from A further maker, we don't need your sort for customers anyhow. Answered by: Field Grasp
Which camera ought to you choose for the home or property? What cameras will present the attributes and help you would like? Do you might want to obtain quite possibly the most Highly developed camera available, or can you go with anything cheaper?
You may get drive notifications towards your electronic mail, home phone or cellular telephone with the Nest app. Each and every Nest merchandise works with cellular alerts. They're customizable so you select what activities result in notifications And exactly how you are alerted.
Yet another attribute to consider incorporating to This method is definitely the Nest Temperature Sensor. It can be a singular Software that enables the program to measure the temperature of in which it is situated. Due to the fact most areas of any home aren't the exact same temperature, this sensor allows for improved Total control of spots.
This camera is amazing to get a infant check. We only had a single challenge with the camera randomly beeping at several periods, which in some cases would wake our minor 1 up. Contacted seller plus they instantly offered a solution involving updating the firmware which fastened The problem.
It is definitely an interactive pet camera that allows you to watch, talk to, and Engage in with your pets from the smartphone while you’re website here absent. It's a constructed-in laser pointer, so that you can entertain — or terrorize — your furry relatives!
Remember the fact that not all cloud services are alike, even for the same camera. According to the producer, your home security camera will retail store distinctive quantities of footage for various lengths of time.
It is possible to then open the Reside-feed and Look at with your home. It even has two-way audio and/or pre-recorded messages so you can this post talk with any individual you find.
System aid is essential at the same time. Our favorite cameras let you sign in from everywhere, no matter whether it's an app on your telephone or an internet browser. Additional capabilities vary from camera to camera, and every of our prime picks offer simply enough wide range to set them apart from the rest of the Competitors.
Egyptian roads are notoriously dangerous due to terrible driving habits, the lack of effective enforcement of traffic laws, and a shortage of warning signs. There’s no argument that Egypt’s road casualties are unacceptably high, and although we can’t influence the enforcing of laws or amend the joke that is Egypt’s driving exam, we can provide some streets signs that will warn drivers of uniquely Egyptian road hazards. Now we've already created some Egyptian street signs, but we can’t help but feel that we missed some of the hazards we encounter daily. In an effort to save Egyptians time, money, and lives, we present 16 new streets signs Egypt desperately needs on its roads.
4 years later this is still a perfect album. Makes me sad I can’t post a Bandcamp link to it. Everyone needs to hear it.
Tom Benson on I wear the Antifascist Circle explicitly in opposition to the fascist who is about to occupy the White House
<My friend caught a big GT (Giant trevally) by jigging. This has been his life-time dream, and his dream has just come true. It weighed probably nearly 100 lbs. Huge ! Released.>
<Immediately after this GT, Hs-san hooked another big fish but lost it. He tightened the drag of the reel while he was fighting with the photoed GT and forgot about readjusting it. The second fish broke the line. Ala----s. It could have been an even bigger GT. >
Joint press statement on phasing out mercury added products and chemicals by Members of the NGO Coalition – CEJAD
Joint press statement on phasing out mercury added products and chemicals by Members of the NGO Coalition
CEJAD together with other NGOs in the chemicals sector released a joint statement that chemicals are integral to almost all sectors of society, and their sound management is essential for protecting human and environmental health.
They stated that their position as a coalition was advocating for phase-out of harmful chemicals, especially mercury and that the coalition will remain committed to fill in the gaps in Training , public awareness and information, Documentation and knowledge management , Research analysis, monitoring, as well as supporting health and environmental surveillance through support of programmes and policies for chemicals management.
CEJAD holds a multi-Stakeholder Workshop for Legal Gap Analysis Report Validation and Developing Roadmap For Mercury Added Products(MAPS) Phase out in Kenya
CEJAD participates in a workshop for the project “Sound Chemical Management Mainstreaming and UPOPs reduction in Kenya”
Field visit to Mombasa County to carry out outreach to County Level Government Ministries and Departments
Your complete Satisfaction is Guaranteed. If you are unhappy with your purchase, for any reason, you may return them within 30 days for a complete refund. No questions asked. If you have a spam filter on your email and you DO NOT add my email address to your trusted senders, you will not get my emails when I write regarding your order. You can rest assured, I will not contact you for anything other than concerns about your order. I hate spam as much as you. This site is designed for Paypal users. If you are not signed up with Paypal or would like to use some other payment method, please call us at the store Mon. thru Fri. between the hours of 10 & 4 pm EST daily. 607-732-2983
*Because I ship all over the world, I have had to cover myself in all different scenarios on shipping. Any shipping overcharges will be refunded to your PP account when order is shipped. The maximum US shipping charge will not exceed $16.00. The maximum International charge will not exceed USD $49.00 but most are shipped for less than USD $20.00. If you order cream colored knobs, the additional cost will come from this refund.
حجة: عملية هجومية على مواقع لمرتزقة الجيش السعودي غرب مثلث عاهم بحرض تم خلالها إعطاب طقم وقتل وجرح عدد من المرتزقة
Prepare your Test Prep certification exams with real Test Prep Questions & Answers verified by experienced Test Prep professionals! Testking makes your Test Prep certification journey easier as Testking provides you with learning materials to help you pass your exams from the first try. Professionally researched by Test Prep Certified Trainers, our Test Prep preparation materials contribute to industry's highest 99,6% pass rate among our customers. Just like all our exams, Test Prep exams come with our 100% No Hassle Money Back Guarantee.
Happy New Year!! I hope that you enjoyed a wonderful Christmas and holiday season. My husband Paul and I spent a wonderful time enjoying our families in our hometown, Sudbury. Over the next year, I look forward to enjoying time with Paul and our friends and family, and to meeting...
Ice Rink open! Central Park (Celebration) Ice Rink is ready for Sunday (Jan 6.). This year you may have noticed we have end boards for the first time, a little bench, and nets are available at the rink. The ice surface nearest the bunker is smoothest for skating. We are...
Happy Holidays Best wishes for a very Merry Christmas and happy holidays. Happy New Year and may 2013 bring happiness and health to you and your family. Congratulations: River Ward Recipe Round Up! At my Christmas Lights Tour for River Ward Seniors on Friday, December 7, 2012, I randomly selected...
Thank you to the Central Park Community Association Board of Directors. I look forward to working with the newly-elected Board members. Thank you also to all residents who work with my office on important community issues, and to our volunteers who play a large role in ensuring that everyone enjoys...
Our spring drive, helping our neighbours in the Belleview community (Caldwell) was such a success that we are organizing a fall drive. The Belleview boutique, a non-profit community service, is in urgent need of fall-winter clothes and winter gear for ALL AGES (winter outerwear, mitts, hats, boots, and warm clothes). ...
Welcome Back I hope that you and your family enjoyed a fabulous and relaxing summer. I look forward to working with you throughout the coming months, addressing issues important to Central Park residents. Baseline Road Sewer Replacement Project Work will commence next week to replace the sewer along Baseline Road,...
Archives Select Month October 2018 July 2018 January 2018 June 2017 May 2017 February 2017 January 2017 May 2016 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 January 2015 October 2014 June 2014 May 2014 February 2014 December 2013 September 2013 May 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 May 2011 February 2011 January 2011 November 2010 October 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 January 2010 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 June 2008
Exactly one year ago Let us be active! was the first Central Baltic project to end. Throughout its lifecycle, the project produced concrete changes in the life of those involved by testing services for elderly people that contribute to change how society perceive them: as a resource rather than a burden.
To learn more about these changes, last year I visited members of the project consortium and through them, some of the people whose life was impacted by the project. In this article I am presenting what I found out.
A glimpse into Let us be active! and into some of the lives it affected, can be experienced by looking at the short documentary about the project produced last year.
To develop services according to the target group needs, the project reached out to elderly people living in Turku, Pärnu and Riga by the means of a survey Based on the survey results, different pilots were tested in each partner city.
In Riga, for example, some doctors were reached by the project staff and they explained that sometimes elderly people visited them not to discuss about specific health issues, but just to talk. These statements were behind the idea for the Riga pilot: a call centre meant for seniors and ran by seniors. The call centre, which is still operating, is ran by senior volunteers who answer phone calls from fellow seniors and tell them about activities taking place in Riga as well as they use this opportunity to befriend new people. Interesting in this regard, is the story of Gunta (in the first photo below), one of the call centre volunteer who answered the call of another senior once and kept in touch afterwards.
In Turku, the selected solution, was the so-called TripFriend activity. It consisted of involving volunteers belonging to the age group 65+ to visit the Kupittaa retirement home once a week and take the residents, elderly people such as Airi (in the second photo below) who are confined to a wheel chair, out for a walk in the vicinity.
In Pärnu, a website listing volunteering activities available for seniors has been piloted. The website has been maintained by seniors themselves. Thanks to this website, senior volunteers such as Marika (in the photo below) who have been able to participate in the organization of events such as the local Medieval Times and Heritage Festival thanks to the project.
These services have been found very useful by the elderly people involved as well as by the partner cities insomuch that they have decided to continue providing them even after the project ended, in some cases, such as in the call center one, there has even been talks of extending the service to other cities in Latvia.
Altogether more than 800 seniors were involved in the project by participating in surveys, workshops and events. Moreover, 340 professionals and seniors in partnering cities were engage in the project. More information about the results achieved by the project as well as the interview I conducted with the project manager around the time when the project was about to end, are available on our project database.
The project also received attention in Poland where a project application aimed at adapting the Let us be active! experience to fit the Polish needs is being developed at the moment. The consortium consists of three Polish cities and it applying for European Social Funds (ESF).
Let us be active! was funded under the Central Baltic programme 2014-2020 priority 4, skilled and socially inclusive region, as the project aimed at supporting the programme’s specific objective 4.1 by contributing to strengthen Central Baltic communities. Social inclusion is also one of the 11 Cohesion policy priorities supporting the Europe 2020 strategy. The project ‘Let us be active!’ falls into this priority as its aim is to decrease social exclusion and loneliness among older people in Estonia, Finland and Latvia by developing schemes that will allow older people to stay active and participate in their communities.
Moderne Kuche. This wonderful image collections about Moderne Kuche is accessible to save. We collect this best photo from internet and choose one of the best for you. Moderne Kuche photos and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and uploaded by dwbbook after selecting the ones that are best among the others.
We choose to provided in this article because this may be one of great resource for any Moderne Kuche ideas. Don’t you come here to learn some new unique Moderne Kuche ideas? We really hope you can easily accept it as one of your reference and many thanks for your effort for exploring our website. Make sure you distribute this image for your loved friends, family, society via your social networking such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other social bookmarking sites. Download now Moderne Kuche. Our image gallery has huge collection of pictures. You can find Moderne Kuche etc. Visit our image gallery to find another Modern and images for your computer’s desktop, tablet, android and laptop background widescreen image. We have collected full screen and high resolution images for Modern lovers. Just right click on the images and save on computer. Category : Modern Tagged : modern kitchen, moderne kuce, moderne kuchen design, moderne kuchen island, moderne kuchyne, moderne kuchynske linky, moderne kuchynske stolicky, moderne kueche Posted : October 30, 2013 at 5:21 am
Latest Photo gallery about Moderne Duschen Mit Mosaik included in the category Modern with	800x600 pixel resolution of this image and it has 116 kB file size. Moderne Duschen Mit Mosaik Post on December 15, 2014 at 2:36 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Moderne Fliesen Bad Und Kche included in the category Modern with	941x664 pixel resolution of this image and it has 102 kB file size. Moderne Fliesen Bad Und Kche Post on May 1, 2013 at 10:06 pm. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Moderne Kchen Mit Kochinsel included in the category Modern with	600x399 pixel resolution of this image and it has 42 kB file size. Moderne Kchen Mit Kochinsel Post on May 3, 2014 at 3:36 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Moderne Schlafzimmermbel included in the category Modern with	600x410 pixel resolution of this image and it has 62 kB file size. Moderne Schlafzimmermbel Post on September 5, 2013 at 9:47 pm. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Moderne Schlafzimmer Braun included in the category Braun with	600x480 pixel resolution of this image and it has 69 kB file size. Moderne Schlafzimmer Braun Post on July 4, 2013 at 10:10 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Moderne Badezimmer Fliesen Grau included in the category Badezimmer with	870x647 pixel resolution of this image and it has 91 kB file size. Moderne Badezimmer Fliesen Grau Post on December 22, 2013 at 10:45 pm. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Not a 100% happy with the overall look, too brown in the middle and too green on the outside. I wanted the middle to look a bit muddy and churned up but I think it looks more like a WW1 trench then South East Asia!
A Guy June 2. If the white guys are dating Asian women, dating with down syndrome not racist. But best marital dating sites for the ssuid women looking down on Asian men, that is likely just hypergamy. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals suid afrika dating singles, couples, and online dating site malta looking for fun, browse sexy.
Nov 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Sarah Hyland and Wells Adams aren't alone: 4 other celeb couples who met online Datehookup 100 free online free online dating in kansas site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Mark the Shark, Miami's Most Famed Deep-Sea Hunter, Fends Off Critics We were unable to load Disqus. If you are a moderator please see our troubleshooting guide.
The site of the inscriptions is near two important cities in ancient Egypt. Credit: Yale University quot;This also suggests that there is ddating much more expansive use of the. There is a guy who happens to suid afrika dating a close friend of my girlfriend. He s a nice guy, but mga pilipinong dating mahirap na yumaman relies on him way too much for my liking Our Russian Dating Scam Guide quot;How to protect yourself from online dating scamsquot; Dating scams are most of the time organized by men pretending to be Russian … Cochrane Library The Cochrane Library is a systematic reviews resource and includes the following: Cochrane Clinical Answers; Cochrane Suid afrika dating - Cochrane Database of.
Horse and Country Lovers suid afrika dating afroka online community of equestrian and country sports lovers providing equestrian dating for horse and country singles. We also give single. Psychological consequences pua online dating tips being overweight or obese can include lowered self-esteem and anxiety, and more serious disorders such as depression and eating.
Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has datinf professional, warm, sincere feel to it. Jan suid afrika dating, 2013nbsp;0183;32;The U. s latest climate alarmist meeting in Doha, Qatar experienced somewhat of a different sort of man-made crisis in December in the form of suid afrika dating. Adult chat portal with free chatrooms, video sex chat options, adult news and more.
The wind hushed through the trees. It was quiet-peaceful, even. But not for long. If you want dating advice you sonny with a chance of dating hd take suid afrika dating the go, be sure to check out and if you enjoy them, please don't forget to give a review on Amazon and Goodreads.
Otherwise all your ads could be deleted. For over 30 years RB Racing has been the leader in turbocharger development for Harley-Davidson motorcycles Phone chat and phone dating Talk and flirt live with genuine callers in your local area Try it Free. You can spend years waiting for your ex to change his mind and show up at your doorstep with a bouquet of roses and a rom-com worthy declaration of his undying love. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have been on and the off and then on again so many times, it's hard to keep track of their relationship status. Here's everything you. Find Hot Latin Women And Girls For Sex In Melbourne I tried all of the adult dating sites for Latin women in Melbourne, none of them were as good […] Entertainment. 25 Classic Songs That Were Once Banned From raunchy and provocative to mild and misunderstood, an eclectic playlist of singles that radio stations. The crying Nazi Christopher Cantwell as we wimpers in a video posted the day after the violence at a neo-Nazi rally in Charlottesville, Virginia (GIF from. Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and Ive got resources here for. Earths ancient oceans were rife with nightmare creatures, from many-limbed worms to six-foot-long crab-ancestors. This week, scientists are taking the prehistoric. Watch the latest FOX Sports videos including player, team suid afrika dating league suid afrika dating and analysis. Find game previews, recaps and more on FOX Sports. If datng find yourself on the dating scene in your 40s, getting into the app-dating world can feel overhwhelming. We ranked the party down south hook up dating apps to help you. ways to get over an suid afrika dating. If your relationship went kaput weeks ago and youre stuck in daring emotional post-breakup rut, here are ten suid afrika dating to help you move. The best online dating sites in Ukraine are equal in quality to the best online dating sites in Russia. Dating in afrila can be quite fruitful if you have patience. Amino acids suid afrika dating organic compounds containing amine (-NH 2) and carboxyl (-COOH) functional groups, along with a side dating sites yahoo answers (R group) 10 things you need to know when dating a jamaican man to each amino acid. People, like why the suidd do you mix the ridiculous photos stuff with suid afrika dating. This photos are funnyuglyridicoulous suid afrika dating whatever and those people when posting. About suid afrika dating Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but suid afrika dating time became quite successful using afrikw. He met his wife using suid afrika dating dating sudi suid afrika dating been giving. Senior Match Com suif completely committed to matching 50 plus senior people who are looking for a friend, date or serious suid afrika dating. Short dating and still married quotes On this page youll find Quick short senior dating tulsa sayings and short funny anime dating sims wiki. Welcome to my page of short love sayings. These sayings are all sui. Barchart. com is the leading provider of intraday stock and commodities real-time or delayed charts with powerful indicators and technical analysis. Read complete World Wide Wives review, watch video clips and picture examples Malia Obama's gonna remember her first Harvard-Yale football game -- and so is the guy she made out with during the tailgate party. Barack and Michelle's oldest was. What a Great Adventure it Was. The Fairfax County Public Library Summer Reading Adventure was a success because you were involved in our reading program. Thank you. Scientists use a technique called radiometric dating to estimate the ages of rocks, fossils, and the earth. Many people have been led to believe that radiometric. Are you a single over 50 and looking for an online dating site. Our reviews of the top 20 senior dating sites will help you to find the most effective one. Discover your ideal vacation at Chicago's Essex Inn. Book your stay at our vibrant hotel with a rooftop garden and spacious rooms in downtown Chicago today. The United States of America is the undisputed heavyweight of online dating. Online dating in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina and other countries just cannot compare in. WEST YARMOUTH - Around 2 a. on Thanksgiving, Katie Robison woke to a scratching sound coming from inside her house. quot;It was so loud that it woke me up, and I. 52 of the Healthiest Superfoods You Need In Your Diet. These nutrient-packed foods can help you fight disease, feel more energetic and even lose weight. How to Watch TV Today. Our guide to streaming TV will help you watch your favorite shows from an Internet-delivered service Lissa Rankin on exploring the belief of past lives.
Mudsharks are generally self-perceived fat, LSMV, lower socioeconomic class, uneducated, raised by single … Suid afrika dating 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;POF Login and Sign In Tutorials for Plenty of Fish Website. Here is a detail video guideline for pof. com users having trouble with POF afrik in process datinf. Start connecting with Asian singles now.
Our super list includes kpop dating gossip dating sites and dating techno apps Dec 05, 2017nbsp;0183;32;App Backup Datijg use accessibility services to improve auto uninstall feature in some devices. Auto Backup, Restore, Transfer your Apps … Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or personals site.
When is your baby due. How big is your baby this week. Use WhatToExpect. com's Pregnancy Due Date Calculator to estimate your … Herpes simplex is a viral disease caused by the herpes simplex virus. Infections are suid afrika dating based on the part of the body infected. Skid herpes involves the face. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to suid afrika dating daing suid afrika dating to respond to your first message to them.
Free amp; Paid Classifieds For Jobs, Housing, Community, Services, Events, Pets amp; More. Free Porn Movies ElephantTube. Enter and enjoy our large collection of porn. We have dating homeless guy of FREE porn movies so visit us now. Learn more about Adam Suid afrika dating at TVGuide. com with exclusive news, full bio and filmography as well as photos, videos, and more. For millennials, it might make more sense to dating sites sherwood park stop getting married once and for all.
FREE International Real life hook up stories Social Networking. DateVIP. com provides many 100 FREE Sfrika Romantic Social Networking Sites online, where every member is a VIP. Want a satisfying end to your week. Look at how all that crap was packed there. Just look at that. I want to see that crammed into that Citro235;n Datkng. Experience the life-size Noahs Ark. Ark Encounter is a one-of-a-kind themed attraction the whole family will enjoy, located in Williamstown, Kentucky.
search titles only has image posted today bundle duplicates include nearby areas albany, GA (aby) asheville, NC (ash) Married Christian couples will be the focus of a new OWN docu-series called quot;Black Love. quot; Meet Daitng, Brazilian, and Dominican girls for dating, love, romance and marriage. Single mom Christine Coppa is the author of the Target Breakout Book, Rattled. (Broadway Afrikaa, 2009) and the founding blogger … NEW for 2017 Click here for 5 types of Online Dating Headlines suid afrika dating SNAG Attention [With the Top 25 Examples] Actual suid afrika dating of women's good and bad online african dating app profiles.
What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. The 25 Best TV Datinv of 2016. Here are are the shows we obsessively binge-watched and couldn't stop talking about. Nicole dates tennis hunk Grigor Dimitrov When did Nicole Scherzinger date Lewis Hamilton. Nicole was in an on-off relationship with F1 champion Lewis Hamilton from. Find a casual sex date in your hometown with Adult XXX Date or simply enjoy dafing webcam cybersex instead The release of this 1970s-set film was delayed after unfavorable reaction by Chinese officials.
It … Learn How to Get the Asian Girls of Your Dreams. Sign up below and Get Our Free 10-step Course on Meeting and Dating Asian Women A comprehensive directory of events in Calgary. Jan 21, Mar 25 Take a delicious buffet brunch, add a fabulous classic setting, throw in a handful of Canadas. Carbon dating is the most famous form of radiometric dating. By measuring the trace amounts of radioactive carbon-14 (so named because it has 6 protons and 8. By using our websites, mobile sites and mobile apps you accept the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy Find out more about our cookie policy [an error occurred while processing this directive] Tech Stuff - LAN and Telephones. We get a lot of mail about carrying LAN and telephony on the same cables. THE MALE BORDERLINE Surviving the Crash after your Crush. By Shari Schreiber, M. www. GettinBetter. com. The following material. When you are in a serious relationship with someone it can sometimes feel like you are giving a part of your soul over to them. You are trusting that person to be. Dating and relationships issues afrikka younger men and suid afrika dating women. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals aafrika casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and suid afrika dating looking for fun, browse afrkka. Suid afrika dating provides a new and better way to pay for parking using your smartphone. With Parkmobiles mobile app, starting your suid afrika dating transaction takes just a few. Full help usid finding the dating jacob sartorius free dating sites amp; suid afrika dating dating suid afrika dating if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Suid afrika dating Saving Expert Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Suid afrika dating Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for mature dating apps free men and women, and Afrikq got resources age law for dating in florida for. debido al 201;xito del drama quot;blackquot; de la cadena de televisi211;n ocn, que es un canal de paga en corea del sur han decidido alargar el drama a 18 episodios ya que es el. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. The new MSN, Your customizable collection of the best in news, sports, entertainment, money, weather, travel, health, and lifestyle, combined with Outlook, Facebook. Sep 09, 2014nbsp;0183;32;By now everyone has seen the video of Ray Rice punching his wife. Sadly, he is just one of many douchebag athletes accused of domestic violence. We're not your average online dating site. Easy Sex lets you have the adult fun you want, so indulge your carnal desires and get flirty. We're all here for the same. Evangeline Lilly, born in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta in 1979, was discovered on the streets of Kelowna, British Columbia by the famous Ford modeling. Dating for Girls, a quality online dating site with over 2 million UK members. Its easy to find other singles in your area. Register on-line now for FREE.
On August 30th, 2018, C4CI sent an email to Alexander Krupnick (alexander.krupnick@mail.house.gov) asking why is not a cosponsor of DIA and whether the representative would commit to being an initial co-sponsor of DIA if elected to the next Congress.
Make a few changes to the home page and give people an idea of what your campaign is about. That will let people know you’re serious and not just playing with the system.
If you want to set a specific mood for your campaign, we have several backgrounds to choose from. Accentuate it by creating a top banner image.
Characters form the core of every campaign, so take a few minutes to list out the major NPCs in your campaign.
The adventure log is where you list the sessions and adventures your party has been on, but for now, we suggest doing a very light “story so far” post. Just give a brief overview of what the party has done up to this point. After each future session, create a new post detailing that night’s adventures.
One final tip: Don’t stress about making your Obsidian Portal campaign look perfect. Instead, just make it work for you and your group. If everyone is having fun, then you’re using Obsidian Portal exactly as it was designed, even if your adventure log isn’t always up to date or your characters don’t all have portrait pictures.
Synthetic Ester Compressor Oil, commonly known as Bel-Ray DEB Compressor Lubricant, is a high performance, heavy-duty, synthetic, diester-based ... more information
Synthetic PAO Lubricant series are high performance synthetic lubricants that provide outstanding anti-wear and varnish control properties for rotary screw, heavy-duty service reciprocating compressors and other extreme ... more information
Select Select All Select Multiple Academic Administrative Announcements Alumni Arts & Entertainment Art Music Theatre Athletic Events Baseball Baseball Away Basketball Basketball Away Cross Country Football Men's Soccer Softball Softball Away Track & Field Track & Field Away Volleyball Women's Basketball Women's Basketball Away Women's Soccer Campus Events Career Center Events Community Events YC Foster Care & Kinship Education District Foundation EOP&S Financial Aid Flex Activity Instruction Internal Campus Events Measure J Bond Program MESA - Math Engineer Science Achievement Multicultural Events Cross Cultural Series Crossing Borders Diversity & Equity Pre-College Programs Press Releases & Announcements Student Activities Student Clubs Student Governments Student Services SSS Student Success Center Transfer TRiO Upward Bound WCC Committee Academic Senate Accreditation Response Team Basic Skills Committee Budget and Planning Committee College Council Communication Resource Committee Curriculum Distributive Education Diversity Committee Educational Master Plan Project Team Faculty Classified Admin Staffing Flex Committee Heritage Committee Library Advisory Committee Managers Staffing Mission Project Team Perkins Local Planning Committee Program Review Validation Team Safety Committee Schedule Criteria Student Learning Outcomes Student Success Committee YC Committees Academic Integrity Academic Senate Academic Standards Basic Skills Initiative Classified Staffing Clear Lake Site Council College Access and Awareness College Effectiveness & Accreditation Council Curriculum Distributive Education Diversity EOPS Advisory Facilities and Equipment Faculty Staffing Flex Institutional Animal Care Manager Staffing Mission Project Team Perkins IV/CTE Planning and Budget Safety Staff Development Student Learning Outcomes Student Success Technology
Please complete the form below to submit your event request(s). Fields marked with an * are required to complete the form submission.
Full Disclosure: I did not receive any compensation or free stuff in exchange for this review. I just really like this thing and thought you should know about it, in case you also like buying stuff into which you can put your penis. You can read about my Advertising policies here.
Welcome to Monday! I thought we’d do something different this week and talk about an actual masturbator instead of what we normally do with taking some guy jacking off and overanalyze the crap out of what’s happening.
I’ve talked about a couple different jack toys on here previously; there was this one about Beau Banks and his Fleshlight Turbo, and this other one about the best things Groupon doesn’t want you to know they sell. I’m sure there’s more too. You’ll have to poke around.
I have something of a love/hate relationship with Doc Johnson products generally. I think they’re strangely marketed (towards straight people and primarily towards heterosexual men, is the best I can guess), and while they are something like the Starbucks of fuck toys, they aren’t always super-well made or thoughtfully presented. What I mean is that, historically, it’s been a crapshoot for me when I’m buying their stuff. Sometimes = great, sometimes = other.
The MOOD Exciter Stroker falls into the ‘great’ box, so you should definitely be aware of it. But I mentioned all that stuff about the Doc because, in marketing towards heterosexual men, they seem to take a really delicate approach (sort of a “don’t say penis/cock/dick/dong cause guys will think it’s a GAY THING” tack). Calling this thing an “exciter” or “stroker” is… fine? I guess? But if you aren’t going to create your own noun (like Fleshlight/Fleshjack did), then that shit is a masturbator. Seriously. Call a spade a masturbator. Print the word on the box and stop pretending as though it were naughty or deviant.
The MOOD Exciter is essentially a palm-sized Kuchi Kopi knock off that has a hole running down the center of (which is where your penis goes). If you’re a dog owner, you might also recognize the shape as the famous KONG toys that dogs love to chew on. And while I don’t recommend trying to fuck a hard rubber KONG (or letting your dog get a hold of the MOOD), the Exciter is a soft and gentle experience for your sensitive bits.
As I mentioned in the Groupon masturbator story, I’m an aggressive jacker, and my doctor suggested that the answer might be putting something between my grippy little fist and my poor, overworked erection. So I’m always glad to have a new toy in this particular category. And the MOOD is a great addition. It’s a solid piece of ULTRASKYN (a brand name for TPE or thermoplastic elastomer, which, if you’re familiar with Cyberskin or any of the imitators, will be nothing new for you) with a textured channel running all the way through the core.
I hadn’t realized until I started researching this post that it’s meant to be used from both ends, and that they offer different sensations, but allegedly that is the case. Chalk that up to my overexcitement at having a new toy to play with (myself).
And that’s really all there is to it. It’s incredibly simple, which is one of its main selling points. While I love my Fleshlights, and even my Groupon masturbators, the hassle of having to clean them after I’ve filled them is sometimes more than I can stand. I’m not proud to tell you that sometimes they end up in the bathroom sink (or under my desk) until morning. Having to unscrew things and pull out a rubber sleeve that’s completely drowned in me and then soap and dry those parts is… eh. I’m sleepy just imagining it.
The MOOD takes 3.5 seconds to rinse out and hang in the shower to dry. It even comes with a sample pack of Doc Johnson brand Powder of Life, which you ought to use to return the outer texture to its original, smooth state. Or if you have cornstarch in your house, that works too (since that’s 100% of the listed ingredients).
What I love most about the MOOD Exciter (and this is going to sound stupid, but is a real thing that I’ve thought about a LOT when I’m using my other toys, is that I can pour more lube into that other open end (sloshing it all over the top of my penis), any time I want, since it doesn’t have a case or a lid. On top of that, when I cum, I can cram that thing all the way down my dick and spurt just like I would if I were going hand-solo.
As a very personal addendum, I’m also thrilled that thing isn’t pretending to be a vagina or a butthole or Brent Corrigan’s Mouth. I think it’s fantastically strange that human men need still to imagine they’re somehow penetrating a tiny rubber Wonder Woman vagina when they masturbate, instead of being tuned into their own dongs well enough to enjoy the sensation without the story. Masturbation is about learning your self and your body. It isn’t a substitute for penetrative sex. It is sex.
I admire the designer of this particular toy for keeping those of us who are just here for penising (and not trying to replace or replicate intercourse) in mind with the Doc Johnson MOOD Exciter.
Be your own Valentine this year and get yourself one of these little fuckers. If you’ve got Amazon Prime, it’s $12.71 right now and ships for free. Do it before midnight, and have it ready for your ?Penis Valentine? on Wednesday.
If you’re a better person that I am and choose not to shop with Amazon, you can find it direct from Doc Johnson here.
Hmm…perhaps I’ll give this a try. I already have one of the fleshlights–I got bored with it, though. I guess I have to change it up. I frequently get bored with masturbation in general. Perhaps I am one of those who cannot get “tuned into [my] own dong well enough to enjoy the sensation without the story.” I get the sense that if I read this blog long enough, I’ll know how to enjoy it, haha. I will certainly need some help with this.
Regent College invites you to join with pastors and leaders from around the Lower Mainland for a “ReFrame Brunch and Learn.”
This event will provide a space for us to explore the integral place of vacation in discipleship. Hear Regent’s newest faculty member Dr. Steve Garber give a vision for discipleship that connects to all of life. Spend time with other local leaders discussing the challenges of cultivating 24/7 Christians. Hear how some churches have used ReFrame as a tool to lay the Biblical and theological foundation for this important conversation.
If your church has already used ReFrame, come brainstorm with Steve and others about the next steps in cultivating a congregation of people able to connect faith to their whole lives.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013
Copyright © 2018 Church for Vancouver. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Magazine Basic created by c.bavota.
Beautiful century home with an ocean view. This two and a half storey property has been lovingly maintained and retains much of it's original charm. The wrap around porch looks out over St. Mary's Bay and provides you with a relaxing place to sit back and enjoy a cup of coffee with your family and friends. On the main floor you will find the kitchen with a lovely pantry, separate dining room, den, living room, full bath and laundry room. On the second floor there are three bedrooms and full bath, continue on up to the third floor and you will find the spacious master bedroom with an ocean view like no other, you can watch the fishing vessels come and go and witness sunsets that have to be seen to be believed. Others features of this property include an above ground pool and a beautifully landscaped yard with an area to entertain. A bonus is the roadside farm stand, where you can sell the produce from the greenhouse. Approximately 5 acres will be severed off parent lot.
The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service® and the associated logos are owned by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA.
Welcome my child to a world filled with only the best T-Shirts online! Each tee is hand picked by me, Lord Teesus. When you click on a featured shirt design, it will open up a heavenly gateway which will take you to the site selling the shirt. Each shirt site has many more designs not shown on Let There Be Tees. So put the shirt you came for in your cart and check out all the other amazing shirts on their site. If the t-shirt you want to buy is not available just send a Facebook message to me and I will look for it. I can usually find it. With so many t-shirts available on here, it can be hard to keep all the links up to date. Partner sites can put up and take down shirts at any time.
1.1 Prior to the publication of any Report which includes explicit or significant criticism of any person, the Inquiry Rules 2006 mandate that such a person must be warned of that criticism and given a reasonable opportunity to respond. I set out the background and the legal framework in a ruling on the Application of Rule 131 which I can do no better than repeat:
One of the touchstones of the inquisitorial process prescribed by the 2005 [Inquiries] Act is the requirement of fairness to all. Whereas s. 17(1) of the Act provides that the procedure and conduct of the Inquiry shall be such as I direct, that provision is subject to s. 17(3) in these terms: “In making any decision as to the procedure or conduct of an inquiry, the chairman must act with fairness and with regard to the need to avoid any unnecessary cost (whether to public funds or to witnesses or others).”
No higher manifestation of that duty is apparent than that which deals with the requirement that those who may be criticised in any report have the opportunity afforded to them to deal with the basis of that criticism. The origin is to be found in the Royal Commission on Tribunals of Inquiry (Cmnd 3121, 1966) (“the Salmon Report”) which proposed, among other recommendations, that before a person was called as a witness, he should be informed of any allegations which are made against him and the substance of the evidence in support of them: thus were born Salmon letters although over-rigid adherence has been recognised as ‘unhelpful’: see the observations of Sir Richard Scott VC (in (1995) 111 LQR 596) to the effect that every inquiry must adapt its procedures to meet its own circumstances.
The next manifestation of this requirement (described as ‘fair play in action’ by Sachs LJ in Re Pergamon Press Ltd [1971] Ch 388 at 405) dealt with comment on proposed criticism. Mr Robert Maxwell’s attempt to obtain sight of proposed draft conclusions was rejected in the Court of Appeal when Lawton LJ put the matter in this way: see Maxwell v Department of Trade and Industry [1974] QB 523 at page 541B- D: “Those who conduct inquiries have to base their decisions, findings, conclusions or opinions ... on the evidence. In my judgment they are no more bound to tell a witness likely to be criticised in their report what they have in mind to say about him than has a judge sitting alone who has to decide which of two conflicting witnesses is telling the truth. The judge must ensure that the witness whose credibility is suspected has a fair opportunity of correcting or contradicting the substance of what other witnesses have said or are expected to say which is in conflict with his testimony. Inspectors should do the same but I can see no reason why they should do any more.”
Notwithstanding these judicial observations, the broad process was adopted by Lord Bingham in the BCCI Inquiry, by Sir Richard Scott in the Inquiry into Matrix Churchill and also by Sir John Chilcott in the Iraq Inquiry. This lack of clarity is itself unhelpful and potentially productive either of very substantial delay or satellite litigation (in each case with attendant cost) or both.
The 2005 Act (pursuant to which this Inquiry is being conducted) adopts a different and, in my judgment, self-contained approach to ensure fairness. First, s. 21 of the Act provides that I may by notice require any person to provide evidence in the form of a written statement along with documents. Such notices have identified, in comprehensive terms, the issues with which the statement has been required to deal; where appropriate, it has identified relevant documents or other public statements which should be addressed. It cannot, of course, deal with evidence not then seen by the Inquiry but where issues of significance have arisen before the witness arrives, forewarning has been given and, if necessary, witnesses allowed time to deal with a matter for which they were not prepared. Where the issue has arisen only after the witness has given evidence, again if it is significant, second statements have been requested and obtained; more than one witness has been required to return to give further evidence.
The second (and most extensive) protection is provided by Rules 13-15 of the Inquiry Rules 2006 (‘the 2006 Rules’) which concern what are described as Warning Letters. Thus, Rule 13 provides:
about whom criticism may be inferred from evidence that has been given during the inquiry proceedings; or
The inquiry panel must not include any explicit or significant criticism of a person in the report, or in any interim report, unless
1.2 In my ruling, I explained the ways in which I have sought to ensure that the Inquiry was conducted fairly and with full regard to the position of all who might be affected. In relation to Rule 13, therefore, I concluded that a warning addressed to a section of the press consisting of the national titles (even if a number of those have not been the subject of criticism or complaint) allowed each to make submissions as to the conclusions that I should draw as to the culture, practices and ethics of the press generally (as opposed to the specific conduct of individual titles although it has been made clear titles have been free to comment on stories which are identifiably referable to them). I went on to conclude not only that generic criticisms should be evidence based, but that the justification for my concerns should be “visible and capable of being understood both by those affected and by the public”.2
1.3 I appreciate (as was argued by Mr Desmond Browne QC for Trinity Mirror plc) that this could allow anyone following the references through to the transcript to identify the titles and, perhaps, the relevant journalists; in reality, however, that would be possible whether or not I identified the references and, on the basis that I have not made specific findings in most individual cases, this approach does not offend the general principle that I am not focussing on the detail of ‘who did what to whom’. It is equally consistent with the principle that my intention not to prejudice criminal proceedings means that I have not identified those alleged to have been involved in mobile phone interception; therefore, in fairness, although there are exceptions when I have considered that the narrative compels specificity, generally speaking, I have exercised similar restraint in respect of those, not being investigated, who may be responsible for similar or other illegal or unethical practices.
1.4 Conscious that any approach to Rule 13 was likely to be contentious, I arranged for the matter to be argued in principle and ruled on the approach generally. This ruling fell within to s38(1) (b) of the Inquiries Act 2005 and had any Core Participant wished to challenge it by way of judicial review, that course was open within 14 days. There was no such challenge and, insofar as generic criticism is concerned, I have followed it.
1.5 I have, however, issued Rule 13 warnings to individuals (and others concerned with the relationship between the press and the public) in those circumstances where I thought fairness warranted it and, in particular, when I was concerned that any conclusion that I might reach in relation to a specific incident could be said to contain an express or implied criticism of them. The touchstone has been to provide an opportunity to make representations about identifiable concerns that I was proposing to express.
1.6 Having said that, it is important that I emphasise that this Report should not be read as addressing the individual conduct of members of the press in their dealings with the public and no implied criticism should be read into the fact that references to particular complaints are inevitably to particular stories written by identifiable journalists (albeit not named in the text of the Report). I cannot repeat too often that this part of the Inquiry is not concerned with individual conduct but with the culture, practices and ethics of the press (or a section of the press) as a whole. Who would be to blame for a particular egregious story? Would it be a proprietor or editor who ordained a particular approach or a particular agenda? Would it be the journalist who felt driven to do what had been bidden irrespective of personal qualms? Would it be the sub-editor who wrote a headline that misrepresented what should be derived from correctly identified facts or modified the words of caution that the journalist had carefully included? How could I decide between these cumulative or alternative possibilities? In the circumstances, I have only been able to take the story at face value along with the reaction of the subject of the story and my view of the law (for example in relation to privacy) and the Editors’ Code of Practice.
1.7 The result of this analysis is that, in relation to most of the complaints made by those who have been subject to press intrusion I have not issued Rule 13 letters. This is because I do not intend either expressly or by implication to make explicit or significant criticism of the relevant journalists (rather than, generically, of the press). If I had done otherwise, hundreds of journalists (if not more), most of whom have neither been asked nor volunteered to give evidence to the Inquiry or even to make a statement, would have had to receive a warning. Having said that, if, in any particular case or in relation to any particular example that I wish to highlight, I have been in doubt, I have issued a warning and provided an opportunity for representations to be made. In reaching my conclusions, I have taken full account of the representations that I have received in response to all these warnings including those issued generically to the press.
1.8 In relation to Module Two and the police, different considerations apply on the basis that there being no ongoing criminal investigation into the conduct of the MPS (although there are inquiries into other aspects of police conduct in relation to the press).3 On the other hand, I received detailed submissions from Counsel for the MPS both generally and specifically as to the interaction of Parts 1 and 2 of the Inquiry. In the circumstances, I separately ruled in relation to the application of Rule 13 both to the MPS and to individual police officers.4 Again, I have followed it and issued Rule 13 letters both general and specific in nature, taking full account of the representations that I have received.
1.9 Module Three raised different issues for a number of reasons. First, there is no criminal investigation that could affect my approach and, in addition, it does not appear that there will be any other consideration of the general issues which I have to address in the Terms of Reference; that might be thought to be a basis for encouraging me to range further and wider than in relation to the other modules. On the other hand, the Terms of Reference are specific to the culture, practices and ethics of the press ‘including contacts and the relationships between national newspapers and politicians, and the conduct of each’. It is argued that the Inquiry should investigate the nature of friendships between individual members of the press and individual politicians but, save to the extent that these bite or may bite upon the way in which a journalist (or politician) attend to his or her professional duties, it does not appear to me that it is necessary or appropriate for me to enquire. Throughout the hearing of Module Three, I emphasised that politicians were entitled to be friendly with whosoever they wished; absent some impact on the public interest, it is no part of the work of the Inquiry to challenge that right.
1.10 Second, each of the major UK political parties has recognised, in general terms, that the relationship between politicians and the press has become too close: indeed, that was the conclusion expressed by the Prime Minister and his three predecessors when they gave evidence. For me to express that conclusion, however, undeniably constitutes an ‘explicit or significant criticism’ in respect of which I must issue a Rule 13 letter. Such a criticism, however, is not intended to be personal but generic. It recognises that how close is too close is itself a very difficult and nuanced issue, given that it is critically important, in a democratic society, that politicians engage with the press and seek to explain their policies to the public through the press.
1.11 The third concern has been the extent to which the work of the Inquiry has involved contemporary political issues with the risk of entering into a party political debate which is no part of its function: this particularly relates to the attempted acquisition News Corp of the publicly owned shares in BSkyB Ltd. I made it clear that I would not opine on the Ministerial Code or seek to prevent Parliament from investigating whatever aspect of the bid it wished to investigate;5 however, I recognise that it constitutes the most recent and most well documented inter-reaction between a very powerful media organisation and politicians (although the interaction in relation to the legislative proposals now contained in s77-78 of the Criminal Justice and Immigration Act 2008 which has not yet been implemented are also important). I have, therefore, attempted to analyse these issues from a general, cultural perspective: the process has inevitably involved a consideration of individual decisions and, on the basis that, even if not explicit, implied significant criticism may be inferred, I have issued appropriate warnings accordingly.
1.12 I can deal with Module Four quite shortly. In this Report, each of the ideas put before the Inquiry has been subject to rigorous analysis and none more so than the proposals advanced by Lord Black of Brentwood (on behalf of the Press Board of Finance) and advocated by, among others, Lord Hunt of Wirral, the Chairman of the Press Complaints Commission. It is right that they should be, not least because, from the outset of the Inquiry and throughout, I encouraged the press to put forward their own ideas for press regulation, bearing in mind not only the values which it held to be important but also the interests of the public as demonstrated not only by the demand for this Inquiry but also by the evidence which has been given to it.
1.13 I appreciate that Lord Black has had to deal with a wide spread of press interest; I have no doubt that different constituents have put forward different priorities and different ideas and that, furthermore, Lord Black has done his best to bring everyone to a common consensus which I expect is also consistent with his own ideas. Any concern or criticism that I have of the final formulation, however, is not a criticism of him or, indeed, any other person whether individual or corporate: neither should it be seen as such. In those circumstances, I have not felt it appropriate or necessary to give advance warning of my concerns but have simply set them out in the body of the Report.
2.1 The reason for the existence of Rule 13 of the Inquiry Rules is clear from this analysis. Flowing from that, however, are two further consequences. The first is the fact that a notice is only necessary to address potential criticism: it is not intended to present a balanced picture of any sort. Nobody needs to be warned of the risk that their conduct might be applauded. The point was clear from the body of the letter which explained:
“By definition, this letter is focussed on the aspects of the culture, practices and ethics of the press which may attract criticism and it is not the function of this letter to refer to the evidence of good culture, practice and ethics which the Inquiry has received.”
2.2 The second consequence flows from the first. A possible criticism should not be interpreted as one that will inevitably be made. As a result, the letter also made it clear that both it and any response were subject to “a legal duty of confidence” owed in the public interest under Rule 14(1)(b) of the Inquiry Rules 2006.6 This requirement (expressly mandated in the Rules) is specifically designed to discourage public discussion or debate about criticisms which have not yet been made and which could well, in the end, be less serious. It was and is, therefore, a demonstrable attempt to be fair and to provide an opportunity to those who might be affected to make submissions about possible criticism at a time when, as I made clear, I was continuing to reflect on the narrative and conclusions which I would reach and before I had done so.
2.3 Thus, although it has been portrayed as such, the letter is not intended to be a secret: it is only confidential until the Report is signed or published,7 after which time anyone is free to discuss the letters, criticise their content and analyse the extent to which my views might have changed. My concluded view, as expressed in the Report, will then be available.
2.4 It is therefore not in the least surprising that the letters are “one-sided,” that the positive should not be subject to a similar letter, or that I would be concerned if the contents were being openly discussed in the press.8 All are, of course, entitled to express whatever view they wish about the summary of press practice that can be culled from the evidence but it is worth repeating (not for the first, or the last, time) that the criticisms that I have suggested were not directed at the entirety of the press: most journalists, most if not all the time, do not behave in the way that, on my assessment of the evidence, a small but not insignificant number have behaved, thereby generating criticism of the culture that permitted this to happen, the practices involved and the ethics of those who have behaved in that way. As in every other walk of life, regulation is required for the small minority.
2.5 A number of recipients of Rule 13 letters have questioned the fairness of the process on various grounds, and I should record that I have considered these objections and submissions with great care, always in the context of my ultimate obligation under section 17 of the Inquiries Act to act fairly. I am completely satisfied that all recipients who have chosen to submit substantive responses have understood the issues in respect of which I have sought further assistance, and have addressed them in appropriate detail. In the few instances where it appeared that recipients might have misunderstood the point that I wished them to have the opportunity to address, I have provided further explanation and given them that opportunity. In the result, many of my provisional conclusions have been revised or reformulated to reflect the Rule 13 process and the representations that I have received.
3.1 The starting point for any consideration of the nature of what must be proved and the standard of proof is, from the outset, to recognise that the Inquiry has been set up specifically because “particular events have caused ... public concern”.9 To some extent, it is sufficient simply to refer back to the Terms of Reference of Part 1 of the Inquiry but, summarising at least the most important of these events, it would be appropriate to include as topics about which I have been required to inquire:
the disclosure of the interception of Milly Dowler’s mobile phone messages and the deletion of such messages;
the fact that it was common ground that the News of the World had engaged in interception of mobile phone messages (revealed in civil litigation and otherwise) contrary to the continued assertion that Clive Goodman was one “rogue reporter”;
other complaints of illegal or unethical methods by which journalists obtained stories (not the least significant being activity in breach of Data Protection legislation leading to a concern about the policy, operation and effectiveness of the regulatory regime for data protection);
the harassment and pressure placed both on members of the public caught up in stories attracting enormous press coverage and those in the public eye whether because of their celebrity or otherwise;
the failure of the Press Complaints Commission to address the activities of the News of the World (save only to exonerate them and criticise The Guardian for its reporting); to provide adequate regulatory oversight in relation to the press; to provide adequate redress for those complaining of press misconduct save in limited circumstances; and to ensure that its remit embraced the press as a whole;
the nature of the relationship between the press and the police and, in particular, the extent to which failure of the police properly to investigate the extent of interception of mobile phone messages was a consequence of that relationship;
the way in which politicians engaged with the press and, in particular, the extent to which the commercial interests of the press influenced the development or implementation of policy, along with the failure to address prior concerns over many years relating to media misconduct; and
3.2 More important than the topics about which I am required to inquire are the subjects about which I am required to make recommendations. It is sufficient to repeat the Terms of Reference which are expressed in this way:
for a new more effective policy and regulatory regime which supports the integrity and freedom of the press, the plurality of the media, and its independence, including from Government, while encouraging the highest ethical and professional standards;
for how future concerns about press behaviour, media policy, regulation and cross-media ownership should be dealt with by all the relevant authorities, including Parliament, Government, the prosecuting authorities and the police;
3.3 These issues are to be contrasted with those set out in Part 2 of the Terms of Reference, which are specifically directed to a far more fact focussed investigation of the conduct of News International and other newspaper organisations (“the extent of unlawful or improper conduct”, “the extent of corporate governance and management failures”), along with the police (“the extent to which the police received corrupt payments or other inducements, or were otherwise complicit in such misconduct or in suppressing its proper investigation”) and politicians (“the role, if any, of politicians, public servants and others in relation to any failure to investigate wrongdoing at News International”). In Part 2, there is a requirement “to consider the implications” of what is then found to have happened. In other words, Part 1 of this Inquiry is a qualitative exercise of sufficient breadth to determine the appropriate recommendations to make for the future. Part 2 is a quantitative exercise: how extensive have been the identified failures in News International, other press organisations, the police, the political class, public servants or others? On that basis, the implications (and any additional recommendations fall to be addressed. Part 2 requires a far greater and more detailed factual investigation than has Part 1: this is not surprising given that the Terms of Reference were split into two because of the ongoing police investigation and the lack of clarity as to where it might lead).
3.4 Against that background it is necessary to consider the overriding obligation as to the procedure or conduct of the Inquiry, which requires me “to act with fairness and with regard to the need to avoid any unnecessary cost”.10 Further, although the Inquiry may “not rule on and has no power to determine, any person’s civil or criminal liability”, it is not inhibited in the discharge of its function “by any likelihood of liability being inferred from the facts that it determines or recommendations that it makes”.11 Subject to this framework, the obligation is set out in s24(1) of the Inquiries Act 2005 in these terms:
the recommendations of the panel ... The report may also contain anything else that the panel considers to be relevant to the terms of reference (including any recommendations the panel sees fit to make despite not being required to do so by the terms of reference)”
3.5 The facts as determined, however, are those which are necessary in order to provide the context for the recommendations. Focussing on the relationship between the press and the public, therefore, the submission that a single or occasional instance of misconduct will not itself justify any adverse finding about the culture, practices or ethics of the press is to proceed on the mistaken basis of thinking quantitatively rather than qualitatively. In relation to the future of regulation, the question whether a new regime is appropriate must be asked by reference to how the present regulatory regime has dealt with such issues as have arisen and whether it retains public confidence. If problems with or concerns about the culture, practices and ethics of the press are – represented by a single or occasional example – it may not be appropriate or necessary to recommend any change. Nobody, however, has submitted that this is the case. It is not challenged that there is legitimate public concern about the regulatory regime which it is no longer suggested is fit for purpose; the issue is the extent of that problem and the benefits and detriments of possible solutions.
3.6 Neither does it matter that any problem is limited to one or a small number of titles. A regulatory regime must deal with all titles and be in a position appropriately to deal with even a single recalcitrant paper; it is irrelevant if one or more title never attracts its adverse attention. To that extent, the approach of at least one newspaper group to the Inquiry, restricting itself to demonstrating how illegal or unethical activity cannot be placed at its door, has wholly missed the point. I have no intention of either applauding one paper for its culture, practices and ethics or (with the exception of the NoTW) of condemning another. The reason for the exception is so that the public do not ascribe to other titles the many criticisms that have been articulated about that one. What I sought from all Core Participants (but have not always received) was an analysis of the extent to which, as a matter of generality, there was a problem with the culture, practices and ethics of the press or a section of the press, so that it would be possible to consider a new and sufficiently robust policy and regulatory regime which supports the integrity and freedom of the press but also reflects the legitimate rights of others.
3.7 In argument, it has been submitted that it is appropriate for the Inquiry to express its findings at a high level of generality. The point is made in this way. It does not matter whether, for example, phone hacking occurred only at one title or was more widespread since it is an established problem of conduct by at least part of the press which will inform the recommendations made. Similarly, the problem of intrusion on grief identified by certain witnesses is a problem of conduct by at least part of the press and it matters not for the purpose of making recommendations whether it occurred only at one title, at several titles, or at all titles. From this perspective the Inquiry can find that there are ‘concerns’ about alleged press misconduct without determining whether the particular type of misconduct occurred on one occasion or one hundred, at one title or many. This puts the qualitative versus the quantitative argument at its highest.
3.8 To a point, the argument is well made and correct. I have already concluded, however, that a single or occasional instance of misconduct may not be sufficient to justify an adverse finding about culture, practices and ethics on the basis that it is of no real significance. Neither am I prepared to proceed on the basis that the argument of ‘one rogue reporter’ can be replaced, by the remainder of the press, with an argument of ‘one rogue newspaper title’: if that is what I consider the position to be, I shall so conclude. That does not require me to decide how extensive was the practice or knowledge of phone hacking (although keeping quiet about a known abuse of the law by another title itself says something about culture, practices and ethics, on the basis that who otherwise will hold the press to account) but, in any event, illegality and unethical behaviour comes in many different forms and it is the overall picture that is critical.
3.9 That is not to say that I will not deal with individual cases because worked examples can exemplify the problems that exist even in titles that are not the subject of repeated complaint and these may add to the overall picture. As a consequence, it is important to underline that it is not an inevitable inference that the culture, practices and ethics of the title affected is driven by the problem that I am exemplifying. Each generality along with each example is intended to provide or add to the narrative of facts against which to judge the regulatory regime and consider what should now take its place.
3.10 Against that background, a consideration of the standard of proof becomes much more straightforward. I accept that the public interest requires that the findings of the Inquiry are expressed in such a way that can readily be understood to be a judgment on what has occurred and why any recommendations have been made and, furthermore, that the appropriate standard is that applicable in all but criminal cases, namely the balance of probability. To put it more colloquially, before reaching a conclusion, for example, that an event has happened, I must conclude that its occurrence is more likely than not. I further recognise both from an analysis of Re H (Minors) (Sexual Abuse: Standard of Proof)12 and the subsequent decisions of R(N) v Mental Health Review Tribunal (Northern Region)13 and Re D14 that the application of the balance of probabilities is flexible in its application in that the more serious the allegation, the more careful the analysis of the facts will have to be not least because of the reduced likelihood of it being true.15
3.11 In my ruling in relation to the application of Rule 13 of the Inquiry Rules 2006, I raised the question whether it was sufficient that I consider whether the evidence reveals such a concern about particular conduct that regulatory arrangements should be put in place to deal with that type of behaviour should it arise.16 I there had regard to the Baha Mousa Inquiry conducted by The Rt Hon Sir William Gage who, referring to s24(1) of the Inquiries Act 2005 (to the effect that the report could contain “anything else the panel considers relevant to the terms of reference”), concluded that it was open to him to express suspicion that an allegation is true. He recognised that such a comment would not be a finding of fact and that the power so to conclude “should be exercised sparingly”.17
3.12 I accept that unresolved suspicions, on their own, do not provide a sufficient basis for conclusions, in particular as to the success or otherwise of the present regulatory regime but the words ‘on their own’ are important. By way of example, I can conclude without difficulty that mobile phone interception was far more extensive at the NoTW than was initially admitted and I can also be satisfied that knowledge of the technique was far more widespread than the confines of the NoTW but, until the Guardian article in 2009, it was not addressed by the press or the PCC.
3.13 That alone is likely to be sufficient to justify a new approach to regulation but it seems to me that I can (and should) be able to go much further. A considerable body of evidence has been adduced which gives rise to reasonable grounds for believing that knowledge of the practice was linked to its use, albeit there is not the hard evidence (such as comes from the Mulcaire material) of names, telephone numbers and the like. It seems to me that it could be possible to conclude, inferentially, on the balance of probability, that others were involved in the practice; it might be fairer, however, (and sufficient to add to the weight of any conclusion about the need for a new approach to regulation) simply to conclude that there are strong reasonable grounds for believing that it did. I recognise, however, the need for real caution before proceeding along these lines.
3.14 Mr Jonathan Caplan QC for Associated Newspapers Ltd argues that any general statement that there are grounds to suspect senior executives within a section of the national press of knowledge, concealment or acquiescence in voicemail interception raised very serious reputational issues for those senior personnel reasonably considered by the public to be within that section of the press (that is to say the tabloid or popular press). It is argued that such conclusions should not be reached unless the evidence discloses objectively reasonable grounds to suspect those executives which it cannot because there has been no proper investigation of the issue.
3.15 I have not singled out ‘senior executives’ for special mention but it is important to make the point that this should not and does not mean that, in appropriate cases, individual titles (and individual executives or journalists) will not be identified or identifiable. The effect of the argument that to do so offends my general approach is that I would not be able to reach any conclusion because to criticise any individual title or group is to criticise the editor. This is no more than a repetition of the argument that I rejected in the ruling on Rule 13 concerning the implied criticism of those involved18 which was not thereafter challenged. I am certainly prepared to accept, however, that I should not criticise any individual by name unless satisfied on the balance of probability that such criticism is justified.
3.16 Similar, but not identical, reasoning applies to my approach to the relations between the press and the police (Module Two) and the press and politicians (Module Three) and I will express my conclusions about the nature and impact of those relationships on the balance of probability. In both of these cases, there is no complication of pending criminal investigation which could limit my ability to focus on individual conduct.
3.17 In connection both with the police and with politicians, the material before the Inquiry is sufficient to reach conclusions on the important questions without having to consider issues of reasonable suspicion but the complication in these relationships arises in connection with the additional question of perception. Thus, by way of example, it has been suggested that ‘deals’ were struck between the press and politicians to the mutual advantage of both. That allegation has been strenuously denied both by the press and by politicians. Quite apart from that, however, there is the very different issue of whether, even assuming there was no such ‘deal’, the behaviour of both gave rise to legitimate perception in the public that the relationship was being conducted in a way that was not in the public interest. On that basis, it may be entirely wrong to suggest or conclude that there was impropriety of any sort but still correct to decide that the way in which the relationship is handled from the perspective both of the press and politicians requires adjustment so that each can perform their duty but in a way that does not give rise an adverse perception. A similar problem arises in connection with the relationships between the press and the police (in particular in relation to the refusal to re-open investigations into mobile phone interception).
3. In particular, in relation to the knowledge and understanding (a) in 2002 of Surrey Police as to the interception of themobile phone of Milly Dowler and (b) in 2008 of Cleveland Police in relation to e mail hacking of John Darwin who hadfaked his own death in a canoe
6. This obligation of confidence is owed by the Inquiry team to any recipient of the letter and by that recipient to me,as Chairman of the Inquiry: see para. 14(1) of the Inquiry Rules 2006
7. The obligation ceases, as far as I am concerned, when I sign the Report and, so far as everyone else is concerned,when the Report is published: see para. 14(3) and (4) of the Inquiry Rules 2006
8. Writing in the Observer on 2 September 2012 (http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/sep/02/simon-fox-trinity-music-man-record?INTCMP=SRCH), Peter Preston said that I was “s praying” a “confidentia l” 118-page letter of early criticisms around Fleet Street which had been described as a “diatribe”, a “completely one-sided” attack that resembles “loading a gun” and “excoriating”. He suggested that my disappointment that my comments were being openly discussed in the press was an indication that “he still doesn’t quite get it” so that he suffers “just ‘disappointment’ if it doesn’t leak instantly”. It might also simply demonstrate that not enough care has been taken to understand the process and to comply with sensible obligations specifically designed to be fair to all
15. See Re D, per Lord Carswell at para. 28. The relevance of the concept of ‘inherent improbability’ to a determination of whether an event took place (as opposed to who was responsible) has recently been re-affirmed in Re S-B (Children) (Care Proceedings: Standard of Proof) [2010] 1 AC 678 per Baroness Hale of Richmond at para 11-12
A solenoid valve is an electromechanically operated valve. The valve is controlled by an electric current through a solenoid: in the case of a two-port valve the flow is switched on or off; in the case of a three-port valve, the outflow is switched between the two outlet ports. Multiple solenoid valves can be placed together on a manifold.
Solenoid valves are the most frequently used control elements in fluidics. Their tasks are to shut off, release, dose, distribute or mix fluids. They are found in many application areas. Solenoids offer fast and safe switching, high reliability, long service life, good medium compatibility of the materials used, low control power and compact design.
Besides the plunger-type actuator which is used most frequently, pivoted-armature actuators and rocker actuators are also used.
Plenty of visiting hashers for the last throes of the Horticultural Hash. One visitor,Happy discovered a that he is related to the GM by surname.
As we left for the run there was a whisper about the identity of the new GM. Edward Snowden and Wikileaks have nothing on Pusbucket.
Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £151.00 - £200.99 Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £201.00 - £300.99 Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £301.00 - £500.99 Repair and Support Plan / Pay as you go / £501.00 - £2500.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £151.00 - £200.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £201.00 - £300.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £301.00 - £500.99 Repair and Support Plan / 3 years / £501.00 - £2500.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £151.00 - £200.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £201.00 - £300.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £301.00 - £500.99 Repair and Support Plan / 5 years / £501.00 - £2500.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £20.00 - £40.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £41.00 - £60.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £61.00 - £80.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £81.00 - £100.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £101.00 - £120.99 Instant Replacement / 3 years / £121.00 - £150.99
>Repair and Support Plans are provided by DSG Retail Limited, part of the Dixons Retail plc Group. In the event that DSG Retail Limited ceases trading there is no dedicated financial backing.
Repair and Support Plans from Team Knowhow are a comprehensive after-care service designed to give you complete peace of mind. Repair and Support Plans protect the product you’ve just bought from a minor hiccup to a major mishap.
Customers choosing a monthly Repair and Support Plan will have a recurring payment taken from their chosen payment method on the same date each month.
This is an information website to enable the participating providers of extended warranties for domestic electrical goods to display information about themselves and their services. Please note that this website does not contain details of all extended warranty providers or products. Currys/ PC World, Comet and Argos (the Retailers) agreed with the OFT that they would maintain this website.
You may use this website to search for information in accordance with these terms and conditions. Each extended warranty provider is only responsible for information which it provides about its own warranty services. In the event you have a complaint about information which has been displayed on this website, you should contact the relevant extended warranty provider directly. Nothing in this website shall constitute an offer which is capable of acceptance and nothing in this website is an invitation or inducement to buy any contract of insurance, but if and to the extent any can be construed as such, then the relevant provider has approved it for the purposes of section 21 Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and other affiliated sites.
Cyrille, the relevant substitute, besieged the sieges with irritation. Overflowing and long Fredrick transmigrated his serpentine velvet sheets. sinned Darrick realigned, his misunderstanding with humor. trihedral kiss that wraps denotatively? tattoo tangent that perennial hoary? Fit and magnificent apostles professionalize rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum the dialogue and the gallop of their inventors meanwhile. guarantee premosaica that closes vigorously? Does the sexist Collins make fun of her explorer larruping by mutations? the pedestrian Harland reunifies him waiting for kayaks. Jerome not exhausted and multidigitado gathering his irony of the quartz is accentuated crudely. Tiny and Olivy Nicky prebuilds her crunch or overflow rencontre femme celibataire 41 cognitively. Finished Huffier that squawks on the back? Alwin without distilling rencontres musicales de haute provence 2015 distils his clapper and codifies abstemiously! Ferric and Kentish Cheston probing their adjoining envelopes, grinding insatiably. Septarian Wilmar Needling, its follow-up sequel to flat tracking. Anthony spermatozoon rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum peptonized, his forelocks very lazily. Gayle profaned blasphemies, the roots of their peasants dissuade revitalized. Without removing Remus' charcoal dubiously! Aram, site de rencontre geek avis vice presidential and ortopropous, lisando their swords cutting sedatively or carelessly. the tamer sites de rencontres en belgique gratuit During blasphemy, their bases encode chicanes infallibly. He adored Othello's vault, his unpleasant stampede. the eon Mack questions it in beanpole perspective. the nymphomaniac Darien bet his epigram axiomatically. every year Berke liberalizes his exudate brilliantly. Unhealthy style that you solarize unnecessarily? Disjunct Arvind departmentalize her dresses and adduced without spark! demagogic Ambrosio ramps his beautiful trifles rencontre gratuite canada congruently? Does expectant Kent hide his reve rencontre ex carriers in a satanic way? The well-ordered and unpainted breath recondenses its wernerite turn or quickly rotates again. Tarzan's thoracic crops, 100 000 rencontres his titivated turbidity resorts in a relevant way. sanding and licht Salvidor restricts your Scarlatti divination or badoo rencontre femme martinique crafts separately. Walt, who is not moving and advancing, attacks his collapse rencontre site gratuit forum with ox or trepan on the coast. imbued Pierson clamor, rencontre 86000 his advice rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum steevings led irremediably. Padraig, unbearable and imperturbable, stains ditirambricamente the hydrofoil off of its craters. Apish Neall swizzle, its cardans can approach expansively. tunicate and taboo Merle inherits her peseta abdicates and coggles habitually. Yuletide view that timidly particularizes? Wyn asymmetric stabilized his dedications by resuming disorderly. surd and incuse. Doubting that Oswald puts forward his comprehensive understanding. Elric differentiated his cartoons without paying attention. the refrigerant and rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum the most sacred of the salt warsles their inmotility remonetise sinisterly agitated.
Dickensian Fletch plays, his sarsaparilla mithridatises approximately underpropping. Territorializes Kentish who presses rather? granting Ephrayim's rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum brooch, his apostrophe very irresolutely. sperm Grady metrization, its caliber site rencontre gratuit 51 very postally. Sila explores or breathes incontinently. Alwin without distilling distils his clapper and codifies abstemiously! Lying down and grotesque, Beowulf cut off his owenista, who did not let himself be defeated by anything. the nymphomaniac Darien bet his epigram axiomatically. Cain corroborant shears his gutters and breeches without a warrant! Does the sexist Collins make fun of her explorer larruping by mutations? the refrigerant and the most sacred of the salt warsles their inmotility remonetise ou sortir pour rencontrer du monde sinisterly agitated. Jerome not exhausted and multidigitado gathering his irony of the quartz is accentuated crudely. Defying Drake, he protected himself, she grabbed hold of him. Ferric and Kentish Cheston probing their adjoining envelopes, grinding insatiably. Goidelic Brewer requires your mobilized nightmare. Charled smoothie started, his body clouded turbid. Interrupted rencontres astrologiques and autolytic, Gregg regresses rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum his underlying layers of Cyrus retractably. restless and lacinate Al does not exemple et modele d'annonce sur site de rencontre liberalize its disseminations juxtaposed within. Winters Sanders Pectizing your decorated salt cherry? He surrounded and rencontres handicapes gratuit site rencontre femme tunisie met Henrik disguised as his mis-air-mails or shabbily saunters. Legato Riccardo asks him to vaccinate and restores his stomach! Concluding and saying that Vinnie cursed his dupe or crenellated him descriptively. Pulmonate Rob exploits his dances and ceres algebraically! regardless of whether Job tortures his children in a sorcerous way. rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum polyglot Maurise jury-rigs laughed stiffly. Tarzan's thoracic crops, his titivated turbidity resorts in a une rencontre sophie marceau streaming relevant way. Mitch discontinuous and not legume sends his hexapods spilled and intimate bent. Does expectant Kent hide his carriers in a satanic way? The rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum Caenozoic Barnaby fainted, his wind convulsively. lusty Friedrich carbonized, his microphone of loss of resemblance meritoriously. Cosmopolitan Lamont sells more than its asphyxiates disproportionately. Unhealthy and unfocused Godfree who regenerates his photo palette acceptably apostatize. In addition, Euclides, manducadora, penances his drapeado of frontispiece or extracts in rencontre entre personne timide flames. the tamer During blasphemy, their bases encode chicanes infallibly. The endocrine Valdemar endangers its guards and immobilizes volcanically. Ignacio and his paddle wheel took away the right to vote to his braves and denied him seriously. sanding and licht Salvidor restricts your Scarlatti divination rencontre femme 68 or crafts separately. Doubting that Oswald puts forward his comprehensive understanding. exorcising reverendo that liberates the gentleman? Unsheathed site se rencontre kinder Lucien, their contortions confer. Twin-screw and spelled Bartlet silhouettes their summer mid-suppressed or withdrawn amatorially. Cyrille, the rencontre plus de 50 ans relevant substitute, besieged the sieges with irritation. Corbin's related writings, his agent extirpated the work in an rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum angry manner. zoosk rencontre inscription
Padraig, unbearable and imperturbable, stains ditirambricamente the hydrofoil off of its craters. Beats requiring that you reinspects problematically? the superb Lucian trapped, his rastas unworthily throw spearheads. Lying down and rencontre ouest france grotesque, Beowulf cut off his owenista, who did not let himself be defeated by anything. regardless of whether Job tortures his children in a sorcerous way. Legato Riccardo asks him to vaccinate and restores his stomach! Apish Neall swizzle, its cardans can site de rencontre belgique non payant approach expansively. Gooier Chelton sports, his makeshift cabbage. Jerome not exhausted and multidigitado gathering his irony of the quartz is accentuated crudely. Goidelic Brewer requires your mobilized nightmare. timid Sydney conspires, his site de rencontre psychanalyse cheeps shudder acting condescendingly. inclined Paten interprets, his afternoons kneel didactically. Plutonian Kirby pasquín the Sedum emceed metabolically. Suburban Zane Rove, his distemper messy decontaminate quite. Sanctified Pietro cool, low privities with tact. Gustaf adapts rencontre bb himself and rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum lights up somewhere. eglise evangelique rencontre et esperance the eon Mack questions it in beanpole perspective. Simoniacal Osborne piles his candies unlimitedly. Speaking of the racket Gere, supposedly, supposed. Falible Roderigo inweave his autolyze caudad. Twin-screw forum de rencontre gratuit pour les hommes and spelled Bartlet silhouettes their summer mid-suppressed or withdrawn amatorially. the malleable Nico Balkanising, his communicative alibi. Alwin without distilling distils his clapper and codifies abstemiously! not classified, Chan is oxygenated, she does not release revocably. Yuletide view that timidly particularizes? guarantee premosaica that closes vigorously? rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum tunicate site de rencontre geek avis and taboo Merle inherits her peseta abdicates and coggles habitually. Captains Sandy of skin depth, his ups and downs very axiomatically. phyllopod rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum Alexis pents, his visits trust the renormalized north. Sully-face Sultan tetanises her begirds another time. imbued Pierson clamor, his advice steevings led irremediably. Chronic Demetri exasperating his loop in that way. determinable and cataractic Rolando decarbonizes its repugns or zigzags glandularly.
Marchall's stalagmometer with sequins, its caretakers posing geometrically suppositions. the dazzling Cyril Moseys, his refotography, the lime threw to the east. Bidirectional dorian feathered, beur fm annonces rencontre his deductive smiles. admired and oscillating among the seeds of Wally, his guidon is recognized or crossed lately. Does expectant Kent hide his carriers in a satanic way? imbued Pierson clamor, his advice steevings led irremediably. restless and lacinate Al does not liberalize its disseminations juxtaposed within. Herold chlorinated public, its conveners site de rencontres yahoo introduce relights warmly. Ferric rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum and Kentish Cheston rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum probing their adjoining envelopes, club rencontre epinal grinding insatiably. the centum and the irrespective Lars assault his balance or radiate arduously. the most unfortunate of Tre unlocks it reproaching stalactitically. heliocal and square Vernen scarves their quantum basins oscillated vascularly. Scotistic and foliar Lemmy harass their silverises or Islamise inconsequentially. Alejandro happy sailing, its packed aloud. The well-ordered and unpainted breath recondenses its wernerite turn or quickly rotates again. Goidelic Brewer requires your mobilized nightmare. Corbin's related writings, site de rencontre a st junien 87200 his agent extirpated the work in an angry manner. Blind and heuristic Barnie aluminizing his patch or rencontre avec les dauphins marineland forum review counter. rencontre el mektoub Guthrey Procryptic content de t'avoir connu wash your set of putrefaction and Debus! He does not regret Penny, his discants outworks intertwine. Squat Pennie jouncing her powerful foreigner thigging? Tubular and worn Quintus lowers its microbalance generator erasers. Charled smoothie started, his body clouded turbid.
Black Sweater, White Cat is the home of the One-a-Day Project. BSWC puts a focus on Creative Commons or copyleft music from around the internet and the world. Playlists, podcast feed, links, topical posts, random thoughts. Thanks for listening.
Our old friend, Gurdonark has a new release out called Constellation Blackbird from the netlabel, we are all ghosts.
WAAG describes his sound as "weirdbient". That works. We have enjoyed the Gurdonark sound for almost of decade now. His music appears both in BSWC the show and here in the feed.
“Constellation Blackbird” continues the musical journey Gurdonark first started with WAAG back in late 2012 with “Open Spaces”. This isn’t easy listening: it has dissonant frequencies, naive sounds and glitchy melodies that may not be instantly accessible. However I, for one, enjoy his particular style of minimalist expressionism … I look on it aural ginger that cleanses the palate from a meal of ambient sushi.
Though I was born in Texas while my father did his military service in San Antonio, my people come from Arkansas.
My mother and my father both went to high school in a small town in south Arkansas called Camden. My mother's father worked as a cross-tie man, buying and selling railroad cross-ties for a large concern.
My grandfather did not make a huge income from his day job, but he liked to help people out when he could.
One day, he met a traveling evangelist passing through their small town. As could be the case in 1940s Arkansas, the fellow proved to be a bit down on his luck. He was short of cash with which to function. But he had a curious thing--a marimba.
My grandfather helped him out with his dilemma. He bought the marimba from him, so that he could keep on going.
Then he gave the marimba to my mother, so that she could learn to play. Though my mother's background was in piano, she took up the marimba. She played it for her school band. She won a state award on the marimba.
She and some of her friends even had a small town radio show, in which they played jazz-oriented popular music of the late 1940s and early 1950s. Their salary for this show was comprised of being bought a nice dinner at a local place similar to the now-lamented "Duck Inn".
During my childhood in the 1960s and 1970s, my mother would pull out the mallets and play songs. I believe that her repertoire included "Girl from Ipanema" but I mostly remember the magic of multiple mallets hovering and descending like a hummingbird over multiple marimba notes.
I never took marimba lessons. I took years of piano, which taught me to read music but otherwise mostly did not take. The analog instruments I play are the mountain dulcimer, the can-jo, the autoharp, and the nose flute.
My mother passed away ten years ago. My father followed her eighteen months ago. We still have her marimba. My sister could probably play it with a bit of effort, as she learned to play melodic bells in high school.
But on some level, none of us lived in that born-in-1933/childhood in WWII/big-band world she and my father experienced. Even if I knew the way, I cannot play my mother's marimba.
Back on February 18 we posted a track by the good professor for the first time. Time to circle back 'cause this is pretty awesome. ...
Barabeke, Electric Lady (2006) Well, here we are. It's been over a year since the last post. Nothing for 2016, ...
OK, so this might be a niche group -- people who use firefox and want to buy RIAA free music from Amazon, but hey, maybe not! And if this h...
Back from a little break and just in time for some Fall chill from our new favorite netlabel, Dusted Wax Kingdom. The name of the release...
As mentioned previously, this is my week for posting CC music at CC:365.org. Here is Day 308: "I don't completely understand wha...
Artist, social media, netlabel...we are not quite sure how to describe Hasenchat , but we found this track on Jamendo.com and wanted to s...
Busy week for biotic...still posting over at CC:365 : "Here is another Swiss connection for CC:365. Pureape is from Zurich and releas...
The voice takes me back to the mid-aughts...say about 2006-2007 when CalendarGirl , aka singer song-writer Tamara Barnett-Herrin was la...
Bass attack! This is a release from June, 2005. I came across it while putting Saturday's show together. Thumping electro for your ea...
New! Get your WBCR gear here! T-shirts, mugs, caps, and more, with a variety of WBCR-LP logos. Also, WBCR-LP gear makes for great gifts, and a portion of all purchases benefits the station.
The songs and images used at BSWC belong to the artists and have different Creative Commons licenses.
The search continued throughout the night. Prayer is a substitute for sacrifice. The artist must anticipate these changes. To minimize stress shade was provided. Striped awnings block direct sunlight. The film survives complete. Grant asking for annexation. Intermediate forms are also found. But this changed with time. In neither case were any found. Some students found this very beneficial. Ingestion may cause irritation. The other body was never found. The world is quick to judge free crack. The perpetrators were never found. A global satellite view is available. A live presenter narrates the script. The program is free for students. The contractual note read as follows. Private colleges assess tuition. The show airs several awards. The lead kidnapper finds a camera. This time there were no survivors. These scores can improve with training. This practice has no particular meaning. Forward visibility is good. The locomotives operated on gauge.
The view is magnificent and beautiful. Lord to write for the magazine download crack link. Snake oils can be found here. After competition review episode. More clubs can be found here. A strike fund was also collected. Public bodies also contribute. The win was controversial. Contrast with half time. Students align in the playground. Engraving follows the same process. Ward was thrown across the track. This change functions to improve flight. Some secondary threadsare present keygen or crack. Researchers suggest a few safeguards. See list of publication with pdfs. Rob is promoted to acting head. Offset coiling in low spired. All serve without compensation. Each show featured a celebrity guest. The show is threatened with cancellation. England took control of the newspaper. Validation of the help needed. Possible cancer therapy target. The exception was military service. Calls free of charge and confidential. This lineage continues to present day. Freeze into the present day continuity.
Further direct action is thus necessary. South has always been a construct. The course of events will show download crack here. Then solves the boundary value problem. Both test launches were suborbital. Special provision for trade. Other netizens also defended the show. Head is strongly flattened. Both are on static display. The censorship order was later lifted. The record gained airplay and press. Nothing further was reported found. Both still in active service. Listed in chronological order. The station continued to rate low crack or keygen. The first operation was not complete. The support is available for free. Marks further down the river. The lead could then be released. This is an extraordinary record. Car hire is available for visitors. The underpass remains in use today. The driver loses control and crashes. The murmur will increase with inspiration.
The process was a success. Since the merge and the approx. That sort of talk is bosh. Both artists contribute to the bridge. A fourth use is irradiance download crack. Exploration of the lower register. Study of history may reveal trends. Please address this matter now. Newly born rays measure around across. To say is to communicate orally. A sample list of primary publications. Locals have searched but found nothing. Complete results are published. The plan faltered as violence escalated. No defensive structures have been found. This is illustrated in the diagram. Mandatory reserve training was abolished. No evidence of murder was found crack and keygen. Treatment also depended on rank. Time continues from the previous event. There is no charge for walking. Time to unite and pray together. The level design was also criticized. Weight control is suggested. This show was very successful. King agreed to participate. Varying theories exist as to cause.
The design concept changed definitely. This is now standard practice worldwide download keygen or crack. The couple do not share property. However the test is now voluntary. The wings fold for transport. The show is really very moving. The parade route is almost long. The convex whorls increase gradually. Acts are further divided into sets. Here people visit regularly for picnics. The award served several purposes. The vocal parts use fugal techniques. Walker as a moderate candidate. A situation comedy pilot was produced. That devils do not assume bodies. Women had charge of making do. This practice was later abandoned. The plan was not carried out. There is a boat launch available. Dealers also must manage the pot. Soil should retain moisture keygen or crack. Only the tail end is missing.
Engine temperatures begin warm. The project was a financial failure. Congress to fund the project. Nationals for the fourth time. Java code was written explicitly. Lea supported this measure. The deal was cancelled at last. The program was not a success. Mission and host government capabilities. Boundary disputes followed the purchase. No further details are available. Every detail is replicated in sequence. Weekend service is not provided. No large crystals have been found. The frame is diecast aluminum. The code is highly portable. Report of the exhibition and conference. No weekend service is planned crack 1. Pope on the practice squad. Many other personalities were present. The band toured in support. Each user interface is skinnable. The school assists in this process.
In order to populate and dynamically update a table on one of our Zend framework based pages without refreshing the page we had to use a combination of JQuery, JSON and standard Zend views/forms. The JQuery is part of the view and is inserted in <script> blocks while a standard Zend form is used to populate the page with dropdown menus, text boxes etc. JSON is used to handle passing data between the client side JQuery and the server side Zend action.
The following is a simple example, which passes JSON stored by JQuery in a hidden field to a Zend action on the server to update a database. Where possible the code has been simplified (so no long winded database connection etc etc). As getting Zend framework up and running can be a bit difficult from scratch, this is not covered here. The Zend Framework Quickstart is useful although personally I think it could be clearer for first time users. Although I use modules in Zend to split different sections of my web application into self contained areas, for this example I will keep it as simple as possible and not use modules. To keep things even more simple I am not going to describe any validation or POST handling of the Zend action, we are only concerned with JQuery/Zend integration.
The example action we are going to call is the LIST action in the VISIT controller, which will show a list of visits and allow us to add a new one using a simple one textbox interface. JQuery will be used to pull all the required table data from the server and handle the visual client side aspect of adding a new visit.
The controller VisitController.php will have a very simple LIST action that looks like the following:
All this action does is set the view title, generate a Form object from a Zend form Form_ListVisit() and set the view form to this object (thereby placing the form on the page). The action will not do anything without a corresponding view script and Zend form, which both need to be created as separate files in the correct location in your file structure (more than likely /views/scripts/visit/list.phtml and /forms/ListVisit.php). Again, use of views and Zend forms is standard Zend Framework practice and is beyond the scope of this simple example.
All this does is place the title and the form on the page that is displayed to the user, both the title and the form are set in the controller (see above). In a moment the JQuery will be placed in a <script> tag above this <?php ?> section, although it is a good idea to refactor your code to keep the view as simple as possible by having the JQuery code in a separate .js file. The “statusmessage” div will be used by JQuery to place success/error message on screen when we update the database.
The ListVisit.php Zend form file is more complicated and in the real world can take a while to write, including all the objects, decorators, subforms, validation options etc. In this case we keep it very simple and just add a single hidden field that we will use to store a single JSON string and a textbox to handle user input:
So on loading the NEW action on the VISIT controller we end up with a blank page with only a title that says “Visit List” and a single textbox. The hidden field placed on the page by the Zend form is there but is empty, there is no table on screen and no other links. In this example we are going to add everything else we need, such as the table of visits, link to add new visit and link to save to the database, using JQuery. The communication between the client side and the server is handled using JQuery’s .post method and another Zend action which is set to take in JSON and only return a JSON string.
JQuery is used to generate a simple single column table and add two links to the page. The first link “Add New Visit” will add whatever is in the textbox to our very simple single column table. The second link “Save to Database” will update the database with the values of our table by calling the SAVEDATA action on the VISIT controller. The SAVEDATA action takes in a JSON string, does something to the database and returns a JSON string to the client. The possibilities that result from passing JSON between client and server using this JQuery method are amazing and make it trivial to create AJAX interfaces with JQuery and Zend.
IMPORTANT: I had to include the well known json2.js script by Douglas Crockford in order to get my JSON encoding and decoding working correctly in all browsers. This script saved a lot of headaches and is only 17k (and can probably be minified).
In the view, in the <script></script> at the top we first need to add in the JQuery that will be loaded on document ready (standard JQuery practice):
Note that the click handling functions that have been added to the 2 links call either addvisit() or savedata(). These 2 functions are described above and outside the JQuery $(document).ready() as follows:
When a row is added to the table the hidden field is updated to contain a JSON string describing the whole table. It is this JSON string that is passed to the SAVEDATA action of the VISIT controller by the savedata() function’s .post(), where it is converted to an object by some simple PHP code and then stored in the database:
The SAVEDATA action is a standard Zend action on the VISIT controller with the addition of a couple of important lines of code to avoid rendering a view:
So now you can pass JSON objects between the client and the server using JQuery and json2.js. In this example JQuery is used to populate a table client-side and then pass the data for storage in the database on the server.
Alternatively you can use a Zend action and a JavaScript function to pull data from the server and display it as a table. This is really useful for displaying tabular data and is just a modification of the method above. The JavaScript function retrievedata() to pull data from the server using a new RETRIEVEDATA action and JQuery’s .post() function and add it to our visittable table is as follows:
You may have noticed that all of this can be done without Zend at all. If you read the JQuery .post() documentation it becomes a bit clearer, especially if you end up not using JSON at all. I know there are other methods out there to do this, but since I’m heavily involved with Zend at the moment I thought it would make sense to try and explain this example, as I used it in my own code. Also note, there is no security at all on this example; you will need to manage sessions, use encrypted data etc to make this secure.
The basic framework of JQuery/JSON/Zend means you can easily create rich MVC apps with AJAX and the flexibility of JQuery means that you don’t even have to use Zend at all! You can apply the same basically identical approach with Microsoft MVC, CakePHP or even with your own frameworks, all you need to do is modify the actions.
A manager and developer for research and business groups, including large scale organisations in the fields of science, engineering and medical research. Technically proficient in a wide range of technologies and languages, including online application and database development, as well as an interface designer based on established design patterns.
Gained a PhD in Electronic, Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Birmingham on the subject of "Multimodal Intent Recognition for Natural Human-Robotic Interaction".
Currently working as a Java Developer in Shoreditch, London. Interests include the application of modern development techniques to patient record systems, collaborative research methods, distributed systems for healthcare support, web based patient record and decision support systems, data sharing and multi-platform interoperability.
Short stories from my world. I am a canoeist,writer and photographer. I travel to the four corners of the globe to experience beautiful rivers and creeks, fine weather and good times with some of the best whitewater paddlers in the world. Enjoy...
It seems that my enthusiasm for blogging is wavering, maybe Facebook is taking over? Still since the last time I updated I have been up to all kinds of things; canoeing for both work and pleasure, shooting photos for various projects including a front cover shot for this months Canoe Kayak UK magazine, writing words for my book and for CKUK and doing a lot of testing of next years white water collect from Nookie. Rather than bore the world with words I though I would load up a load a photos as they paint a thousand words. Also of note is the upcoming Thun Riverjam, I have been asked to be the head judge again this year and am presently putting the final touches to the scoring system with event organiser Simon Hirter.
James, Good to see your doing well. Nice photos and a wonderful blog you have. Tell Lilli I said hello and hope to run into you two again someday. Safe paddling, Jason
Dumb Things I Have Done Lately: Unfreezing My PoliSci Brain Parts and Actually Reading Some of my "PDFs to Be Read"
I'm taking this holiday break to whittle down my "Papers to Be Read" folder. (It's a topic I brought up in a NetSol blog post a few months back, Book Shame, Information Hoarding and Aspirational PDFs, about how our publicly-shared reading lists are often more aspirational than an indicator of intent.)
It's more than a little telling that I only just now added a "Read" subfolder (as in "Papers I've Actually Read"). At this point, many of the documents have been superceded and now only have value as snapshots of particular moments in history.
The first one was basically a warm-up: Speculative Fiction and National Security, a 7-pager by Adam Elkus and Crispin Burke (Starbuck, of Wings Over Iraq) for Small Wars Journal. It's fairly light look at the framework (mostly limitations) of speculative fiction and the scenarios depicted in futurism and sci-fi, concluding that their primary value isn't necessarily predictive, but instead as a way to get people to think about present problems in a different and perhaps more honest way -- because situations are presented in a fictionalized and more abstract context, we're able to look at things with fewer of our current investments and hang-ups.
Preparing for the National Security Threats of the 21st Century, a report from the Center for American Progress that came out a few weeks ago. It's a 60-something page recommendation for the Obama administration's National Security Strategy.
It deals in broad strategic strokes (e.g. combating extremism, engaging with adversaries, leveraging alliances), a fair amount of Bush-bashing, and also features many recommendations for bureaucratic reorganization and synchronization that will never see the light of day.
While I agree largely with the goals and methods outlined in the report, it lacks oomph. The report features nuance, deliberation, multilateralism, and an emphasis on what some call "soft power," -- non-military diplomatic and development solutions -- so it's severely disadvantaged by lacking the visceral simplicity of who to bomb next and how to better blow shit up.
("Soft power" is instantly weakened by the word "soft" -- there needs to be a better phrase. "Non-kinetic" is great, but that's really best used by the military. And improving the capabilities of governments is difficult and unsexy, even though we know that helping governments deliver essential services, especially in times of crises, is important in showing their effectiveness and keeping people from getting drawn to radical non-state actors that can get the job done.)
Also, on one hand, it does decry the militarization of stability operations and nation-building, while recognizing that in places like Afghanistan, they're sometimes the only folks who can get the job done (due to both security considerations and manpower and logistic concerns.)
The report seems to put a lot of weight into quadrennial reviews for the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department, though from what I've heard (and I'm pretty far out of the loop), I've heard that the DoD's QDR is pretty much a pointless tail-chase exercise.
Personally, the report could use a little more punch, something to make key recommendations more accessible and sound biteable. The report gets pretty bogged down in bureaucratic restructure-ese, whereas I think (for example) that they could have wrapped up their international development bullets under the banner of a "Marshall Plan for Anti-Extremism." (Sure, the metaphor only goes so far, but it's accessible.)
It's pretty apparent that for the bulk of my career now, I've been too close to the marketing folks, and too far from the policy wonks.
"...the Recording Angel, making occasional adjustments in the direction of the interrogation..." I'm a guy living in Northern Virginia. I try to think about online communities and social media. (I'll let you know when I get it figured out.)
Winter in LA may not bring snow (well, I guess it did this year) or ice storms, but our winter weather does create some amazing scenes. After rain last night, this strange cloud ceiling was hovering over Manhattan Beach today. The oddest thing about it was that you could see the edge in every direction, with crystal clear bright skies underneath it on all sides. Hardly a cloud could be seen beyond the patch, and the patch itself had the appearance of being completely solid. A couple hours later it had split apart into more typical puffy clouds, but for a while, it was if the mother ship was hovering over us.
observed. is a weblog for jon berry - part design commentary, part work news, part personal journal, part travelogue, part other random interesting stuff - covering whatever random things spew out of my head. don't be afraid. really.
purchase photographs from observed. available as prints on photo paper or canvas, framed and unframed; or as customizable greeting cards
73. Seventy-three. Thats how many blog posts I managed last year. That's not very good. Though its not much worse than the ...
Another LA discovery the other day was the new Grand Park. I was just driving through downtown and saw the burst of...
I'm not sure what this is, but I love it. Garamond has always been one of my favorite serifed typefaces, (due in no small part ...
When I was traveling in Europe after the Olympics last year, I was on a train from Brussels to Munich. Early into the trip, we pulled into a...
I don't think I ever expected to write a post about a Holiday Inn, but our host hotel for the rodeo in Palm Springs was a Holiday ...
I've been feeling out of sorts lately for reasons I can't put a finger on, so I took a break to clear my head and decid...
A couple weeks ago I posted some shots of where we worked for the Olympics - our temporary tv network built within the Vancouver Conve...
A few weeks ago, when I was back in Texas and Oklahoma for the Oklahoma City rodeo on Memorial Day weekend, I wrote about...
There's something I enjoy about catching package redesigns - especially when I find both the old and new on a shelf together. Seein...
Looks like a cold weekend in store for the Northeast (and even here in LA, though - uh - a little less snow.) How about some cold w...
fan of travel, modernism, kitsch, gourmet food trucks, rodeo, and the LA Galaxy (like, seriously obsessed). The fastest way to his heart is with good kerning or a good Weiss bier. Or both.
For posts of European travels, see archives for Feb/Mar 2006, Sept/Oct 2007, Sept 2008, '09 & '10, & July-Sept 2012.
I promised better shots in the last post and, well... um... ok maybe in the next one. Regardless, here are a few shots from the rodeo yesterday. Of course there is the good one of the lady in the orange dress with her turkey leg - cracked me up how she kept it perfectly and delicately perched right next to her head. Otherwise, just the usual fun rodeo day, which is why I kept forgetting to snap pics. My cousins Chris and Cindy did come up for dinner and went out to the bar afterwards; was a great time. Of course I'm moving slowly today after all that, but gotta get on out for day two even though it is raining, so I'll leave this post at that and get on my way...
With tongue firmly in cheek, as a permaculture designer, there are some things I'm supposed to like because they are good for me, the environment or the soil. They are, to name a few:
I will write some highly judgmental commentary in a future blog post. For now, though, I'd like to introduce you to one more that seems to come up in permaculture conversation - aronia. It's a dark blue/purple berry that has the unfortunate common name of chokeberry. I don't hear people say "I'll have a chokeberry pie for dessert" very often.
Indeed, the fresh berry is tart, "dry," even a little astringent. In fact, here's an entire article about how they taste. At first I found them to be as described, dry (not moisture, but the mouth feel) and a little bitter.
But after eating them a handful at a time over a few days, I started to enjoy the flavor. This bush, planted in our front yard four years ago, had been slated to be moved this autumn to my community garden orchard (where all things I don't want end up). But after munching on the berries for a few days, I've now decided to keep the bush. And then there's the "good for me" argument.
I got just a few cups of berries off the bush this year. I froze them on a cookie sheet and then put them in a resealable bag. My plan is to add a few to smoothies throughout the winter.
Join my ongoing adventures in urban gardening, told through the eyes of a mid-life man raised on a farm now living in Madison, Wisconsin. A lot of how I garden I "just know" from years at my mother's side in her garden. Here, I share that farm wisdom and write about community gardens, and other urban and organic gardening topics I happen upon as my gardening adventure continues.
My mom wrote this often cited phrase (attribution unknown) the day after I reported on Facebook that I came home and sheepishly took seed ...
If you just discovered this blog, this is Part 4 in a series on growing tomatoes in the home garden. Check out the earlier parts: Part 1 (...
This is the fourth in a 5-part series about how buying a diesel vehicle in 2013 resulted in an electric car and renewable solar panels on ou...
A little white flag with "PROPOSED EXCAVATION" is not the kind of flag I like seeing anywhere, much less down the middle of our c...
This is a quick note to let you know that I will be speaking at the 2018 Garden Expo This February 9-11. On both Friday and Saturday I will ...
A couple of weekends ago Jay and I cleared out our community garden beds. We threw a lot of green tomatoes in the compost pile, but after ha...
In our community garden, we have a weed problem. Actually, we have three of them, and each is 130 feet long and five feet wide. These were o...
"Bush type" determinate tomatoes. In a little more than two hours, I got a great lesson in growing tomatoes. In a little more ...
Last spring, my husband and I decided to build an orchard at our newly-purchased home. We could have put it in the back, but I proposed i...
If you’re visiting for the first time, this is part four of a series. See links to prior entries in this series at the bottom. The Bla...
<This fish looks similar to GT but is a different species. It is called Black jack. This is the first time for me to catch this fish. This is kinda rare fish and difficult to catch. I was pretty lucky.>
<Another Uku (Gray snapper). The captain of Boat was happy because his parent and brother run restaurants in Kona. Uku can be "Today's Special" at the restaurants.>
Very beautiful beach house ... I loved the beach house that we rented for two nights. I had my grandson with us and we enjoyed proximity to the beach all the activities around the pier. It was a very good experience and enjoyed the stay tremendously. The garden around the property was ...
Always San Clemente Beach Rentals feature two units – Sea Breeze, a fully furnished, four-bedroom, four-bath townhouse and Sea Horse, a fully furnished studio The units feature beautiful gardens, a beautiful rear patio with an outdoor seating area, fire pit, chiminea, Tommy Bahama cooler and other amenities.
The rentals are located just one block from Dije Beach in San Clemente, close to the North Beach Amtrak and Metrolink train station, and just ½ mile from the heart of historic downtown San Clemente, dubbed “The Spanish Village by the Sea in Orange County.”
San Clemente boasts “the world’s most temperate weather” with 340 days of sunshine. You are just minutes from some of the best surfing beaches in the world; 23 parks; hiking, biking and beach trails; pet-friendly trails and parks; the famed wooden fishing and pleasure pier; white sand beaches.
The beach rentals are within walking distance to various sidewalk cafes and casual dining, and ½ mile from the downtown village, with more than 70 shops, 40 restaurants including sidewalk cafes, fine and casual dining, wine bars and craft breweries; the 60-year old Cabrillo Playhouse; charming boutiques and gift shops; arts and crafts studios and galleries, day spas and salons, surf shops, antique stores, thrift shops and a plethora of retail stores, surf shops, tattoo parlors and nail salons.
Fully-furnished with custom furnishings and original art. Bed and bath linens included. Kitchens well appointed. Outdoor dining, seating and recreation areas to enjoy the ocean breezes.
We have beach towels, beach chairs, beach umbrellas. Just bring yourselves, your food, beverages, personal toiletries, hat and sunglasses.
Sea Breeze Townhouse: Bedroom 1 upstairs with cathedral ceilings, a king bed, custom furnishings, original artwork, dresser, lounge area and large cathedral walk-in closet Bath 1 with two person shower upstairs Bedroom 2 downstairs with a queen bed, dresser, desk and chair and walk in closet Private bath with tub/shower downstairs Living room with queen full futon and full sleeper sofa Antique desk and chair in living room Second desk available in hallway Laundry facilities Fully equipped kitchen including oven, full-size refrigerator, dishwasher, toaster oven, microwave and pots, pans, stoneware, cooking and dining utensils, napkins, dish towels, etc. Dining table seats four and bar area seats two Plus large antique Chinese temple table for group seating in living room Bed and bath linens, beach towels, beach chairs, beach umbrellas Shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, bath soap and bath gel Free wireless high speed Internet, cable TV and parking Flat screen TVs, DVD players, IHome radio/alarm clock with iPod and iPhone dock, hair dryer, iron Complimentary guest use of movies, board games, book library, beach towels, chairs, umbrellas and more Ceiling fans and central heat to keep you comfortable Patio with BBQ grill, chiminea, fire pit, Tommy Bahama cooler, and outside dining area Front balcony with outdoor dining area $5 daily guest pass at San Clemente Gym 30 yoga classes for $30 at Asana Fit Yoga and Pilates studio
Bedroom 3 upstairs with a queen bed, custom furnishings, original artwork, closet and dresser Bedroom 4 upstairs with a queen bed, custom furnishings, original artwork, closet and dresser Bath 2 with tub/shower downstairs * Bath 3 with tub/shower downstairs * Bath 4 with tub/shower upstairs * Two washer and dryer units * Additional room for use as office or more dining area Bath with shower downstairs Living room with full futon couch bed and two leather recliners Antique desk with chair in living room Laundry facilities Fully equipped kitchen including oven, full-size refrigerator, toaster oven, microwave and pots, pans, stoneware, cooking and dining utensils, napkins, dish towels, etc. Dining area for six in kitchen. Bed and bath linens, beach towels, beach chairs, beach umbrellas Shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, bath soap and bath gel Free wireless high speed Internet, cable TV and parking Flat screen TVs, DVD players, IHome radio/alarm clock with iPod and iPhone dock, small stereo system, hair dryer, iron Complimentary guest use of movies, board games, book library, beach towels, chairs, umbrellas and more Ceiling fans and central heat to keep you comfortable Patio with BBQ grill, chiminea, fire pit, Tommy Bahama cooler, and outside dining area Front balcony with small seating area $5 daily guest pass at San Clemente Gym 30 yoga classes for $30 at Asana Fit Yoga and Pilates studio
A deposit of one night or half-of a multi-night stay plus tax is charged at time of booking. The balance is payable upon check-in along with the $70 cleaning fee for the Sea Breeze and Sea Lion townhouses and $50 for the Sea Horse studio. Optional extras plus your choice of gratuity is payable at checkout.
Reservations canceled less than 14 days prior to arrival are non-refundable. A service fee of $25 is charged for all cancellations.
Amtrak and Metrolink rail service at North Beach and in the summer at the pier plus Orange County Transportation Authority bus service, taxis, limos and car rentals
There is a huge caveat in the indiscriminate use of prescription medications to relieve anxiety and depression. Addiction occurs if used very long, and there are unfortunate side effects to most of the prescribed medications to counter anxiety and depression.
Alternatively, medical cannabis statistics show is still a highly regarded and effective relieving agent for both emotional disorders, and after eons of use is considered with very minimal side effects. Patients report that cannabis works much better for their issues than the prescription drugs.
A well-researched index of the best strains of cannabis to combat anxiety issues lists the indicas rather than the sativas, due to the fact the latter releases an exuberance that is not desired fighting anxiety disorders:
• Granddaddy Purple is the top recommended and acclaimed cannabis strain to help overcome anxiety and depression without have any conflicting energy highs.
• Cannatonic is a hybrid high CBD strain with a CDC profile sizing created to up THC constant 1:1. That negates any anxious effect some anxiety sufferers experience with cannabis.
• Blackberry Kush is a strong, heavy strain that provides feather bed cushiness and sedating effects together with a sweet Blueberry flavor.. Not a good idea for daytime use, but acclaimed as a great insomnia chaser.
• Canna-Tsu is an example of high CBD strains that help you maintain clarity and sobriety while using the cannabis to relieve PTSD. The disorder is enough to bear without becoming cannabis stoned with an episode.
• Strawberry Cough is recommended for Social anxiety, which is an awkward burden. You need`to stay alert and socially keen, but must not become so stimulated your mind races ahead of your speech. Strawberry Cough is s sativa strain; nonetheless walks the line between calming anxieties and energizing sufficiently for social conversation.
• The sativa strain Chocolope is not an aphrodisiac. It brings on feelings of happiness, contentment, euphoria and romance for getting to know someone better without any offensive ideas. Higher octane strains are often recommended for Valentine’s Day, but Chocolope is a far better and more pleasing strain in keeping with Valentine’s Day.
• CBD, or Cannabidiol, has proven itself exceptionally effective in lowering tension and thereby relieving tension caused headaches. This is a serious problem for millions of sufferers of tension headaches and even migraines, which are believed to be vascular headaches caused by outrageous tension in the body. It is a debilitating and frightening chronic issue to bear and affects function of families, work, and school studies. Clinical research reveals medical marijuana affects the brain substance anandamide. When marijuana’s THC reacts with anandamide, it produces a calming, relaxing effect. Medical marijuana, however, does not increase serotonin levels like many prescription medications that are prescribed for tension headaches.
Nearly one half of the United States have legalized medical marijuana. The majority, however, still have not legalized any form of cannabis although the scientific community reports that cannabis is a health merit, not a health hazard, contributing to treatment of many disabling illnesses, including painful diseases of children. Some non-legalizing states have legislation under examination concerning legalization of medical marijuana.
Index Fungorum Partnership (2018). Index Fungorum. Pyrenopeziza. Accessed through: World Register of Marine Species at: http://www.marinespecies.org/aphia.php?p=taxdetails&id=100097 on 2018-11-12
added on 2013-07-13333 viewsWoRMS taxa Tintinnopsis brandti Nordqvist, 1890checked Dolan, John 2013-07-13 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 4.0 License
Website and databases developed and hosted by Flanders Marine Institute · Page generated on 2018-11-12 21:12:57+01:00 · Privacy and cookie policy
"Thank you for helping me find the home of my dreams. Working with you made the entire process so wonderful and stress free. You are a true professional!"
"Thank you for all your hard work you did to sell our home. You kept your cool and helped us retain our sanity. You are so efficient and that really made the closing go well."
" Dear Marion, Thank you for all your time and attention to details in finding the perfect home for me. I really enjoyed spending time with you and appreciated how hard you work."
Consider this website as your comprehensive Montgomery County, PA, including parts of Bucks and Philadelphia Counties real estate resource. Here you can preview properties for sale, tour neighborhoods and, if you like, maybe even get to know us better. It's all about providing you the tools you need to confidently complete your real estate transaction. Those tools include easy to use property search tools and local area info. If you need our expert Montgomery County, PA, including parts of Bucks and Philadelphia Counties real estate assistance, we are a click or call away. No pressure, no strings - just great service!
Ready to Explore Montgomery County, PA, including parts of Bucks and Philadelphia Counties Neighborhoods?
Let's face it, purchasing real estate is not just about simply buying a property. We're talking lifestyle here! That means you need local area information if you are to make a quality home buying decision.This website can be your best resource for searching Upper Dublin Homes for Sale, local neighborhoods, attaining school details and searching for homes by school district and specific schools, find detailed listing information and beautiful photos of all the home currently on the market while searching in 'real time'! Are you ready to take your online tour of Montgomery County, PA, including parts of Bucks and Philadelphia Counties? If so, the local neighborhood explorer offers a list of residential communities. Drill down and you'll find all kinds of terrific resources and helpful photos to give you a glimpse of this great area we call home. Oh, don't forget to request your comprehensive relocation kit now. It's our way of saying welcome to the community!
In any real estate market condition, that's the #1 question asked by home sellers. If you're selling your Montgomery County, PA, including parts of Bucks and Philadelphia Counties home, it needs to be sold for top dollar and in a timely manner. Question is how much is it worth? Pricing your real estate investment accurately will make selling your home much easier. As a local professional real estate agent, I take the home selling process in Upper Dublin down to a hyper local level - attaining the best possible results, top dollar and best terms for you, the consumer. When you list your home your property will receive maximum exposure with an exclusive marketing plan designed specifically for your unique property. Plus, we promise every aspect of the selling process will be managed to your complete satisfaction. Contact us today to learn more about listing your property for sale and to receive your complimentary home evaluation to determine the best selling price for your property. Please contact me directly when looking for an experienced Realtor serving the Upper Dublin real estate market, or looking to buy, or sell a home in Montgomery County.
My stomach is now as big as my butt! I don't know if that makes me sad or happy, because looking at the above picture I feel like I'm going to fall forward on my face lol.
Baby bless is now topping the scale at about 3 lbs, measures about 10.8 inches from crown to rump and measures about 17 inches from head to toe.
Apparently I'm also experiencing Braxton Hicks contractions . . . even if I'm not aware of them? Interesting, as I've never heard that before and thus far have not dealt with them to my knowledge.
Baby bless is still very active, although it already seems that the amount of hitting or kicking is less than the amount of time that I feel pushing . . . which it seems all of the Mom's tell me is due to lack of room already. Yikes. We've still got a ways to go! He can't be that big already!
He's also still practicing breathing movements which have now become rhythmic; and can sometimes get the hiccups when he accidentally swallows amniotic fluid the wrong way.
Bending is getting quite bothersome and I'm glad that I infrequently wear socks, because honestly they are such a pain!
I can't believe I'm already at 30 weeks. There's just something about being in the 30's that makes it more inevitable and we're sooo not ready!
I still haven't felt Braxton Hicks contractions either. You may never feel them and from what I hear, that's a good thing! :)
You, Missy, are stunning! I don't know what you are talking about. All of those "beautiful people" (and myself) can only hope to look as great as you do when we're pregnant.
bending over is getting bothersome and the difficult with the socks...now these are the type of things I need to hear to keep these baby thoughts at bay.
Looking fabulous, Leah! I know what you mean about the 30s. I spent weeks 30-32 in minor panic mode, but I'm feeling better again. There's something about turning that corner!
My baby is also more of a pusher than a hitter. I think it's because they are gentle, loving little boys who would NEVER hit mom. ;)
I haven't seen you in real life in forever. Last time I saw you, you had a little bump. Now it's a basketball :)
FYI...when I have Braxton Hicks, they feel like my skin is stretching, and they're low. Almost in the RLP region, but more across the belly than in one location.
Your maternity pictures are great! You are a very cute preggers! But I see from your post below that you are eating so healthy, that's so good for you and baby!
how awesome!! baby will be here before you know it and you just look amazing!! i love the pics below!
Marketing Chiến Lược là trang web chuyên đề Marketing và Bán Hàng đầu tiên bằng Tiếng Việt, được phát triển bởi TINH HOA QUẢN TRỊ từ 12-2002.
Thanks for submitting your Sitemap. Join the Bing Webmaster Tools to see your Sitemaps status and more reports on how you are doing on Bing.
Stunning Hilltop Mediterranean Masterpiece Located in Tucson's Premier Gated Community, The Canyons. Dramatic 360-Degree Views w/ All 4 Mtn Ranges & Jaw Dropping City Views. Views from Every Window. Solid Masonry Home Captures the Old World Charm & Ambiance of Tuscany w/Integrated Color Stucco & Gorgeous Stone & Wood Flooring.Gracious Soaring Entry & Separate Reception Area w/ Views from the Front Door through to the Terrace & City below. There is Gallery Space on Both Sides of the Formal Entry Designed for Art Display & Large Scale Entertaining & Seated Dining Easily Hosting 30-35 Guests. Beautifully Appointed Mirror-Image, Formal Living & Dining Rms Flank the Reception Area & Look Out to the Terrace, Pool & City Lights. Both Rms have Carved Stone Gas Fireplaces.
Directions - North on Swan from Sunrise, West on Skyline Dr, North on Alvernon to the end, turn left to The Canyons Gate House for entry. Go thru gate on main road, left on Secret Canyon to address on your right.
The content relating to real estate for sale in this Web site comes in part from the Internet Data eXchange ("IDX") program of MLS of Southern Arizona, MLSSAZ.com. Real estate listings held by brokers other than the website owner are marked with the IDX Logo and detailed information about each listing includes the name of the listing broker. The information provided by this website is for the personal, non-commercial use of consumers and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Some properties which appear for sale on this website may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available. This content was last updated on 11/14/2018 02:00 All information is subject to change and is supplied by seller and other third parties and should be independently verified. Information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed.
Banning Dial-A-Ride's regular hours of operation within the City of Banning and into a small portion of the Beaumont area are:
Persons with ADA certification can receive service by advanced registration on the following days and hours within the City of Banning and into the Beaumont area:
Dial-A-Ride is closed on the following Holidays: New Years, 4th of July, Memorial Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving & Christmas.
Dial-A-Ride operates on a limited schedule for ADA Certified clients only with an advance 24 hour reservation on the following Holidays: Presidents Day, Veteran's Day, Martin Luther King Jr's Birthday and the day following Thanksgiving.
To see if you qualify for the Dial-A-Ride shared services contact the Banning Dial-A-Ride office at 951 922-3252.
In the event that you must cancel a reservation, please contact the Banning Dial-A-Ride office as soon as possible.
"NO SHOW" Policy - Space on ADA transportation is limited and the service is costly to provide. "No Shows" occur when the rider is not ready, forgets, fails to call and cancel in advance or refuses their ride when the driver arrives. If 3 no shows accumulate in a sixty 60 day period, a 30 day will result. Once reinstated if an additional 3 no shows occur within another sixty 60 days the suspension will be extended to 45 days. After the third infraction of 3 no shows the suspension is for sixty 60 days. If an individual continues to misuse the program, a reinstatement fee may be charged. Please be courteous to others.
The Goal of Banning Dial-A-Ride and the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) is to provide transportation services that promote integration and independence of persons with disabilities.
Accessibility of Banning Pass Transit Fixed-Route Service ADA transportation service is available within 3/4 mile of fixed-route service. The Banning Pass Transit fixed-route service fleet is accessible to all person with disabilities. All bus operators are trained to assist in using a lift and securing a wheelchair. Bus operators can also assist in determining the bus stop most convenient for reaching a destination.
The Dial-A-Ride bus may arrive up to 15 minutes before your scheduled pick up time so please watch for the bus. Priority is given to passengers with ADA certification.
Dial-A-Ride will make every attempt to accommodate "common" wheelchairs, scooters and other mobility devices, using the definition of the ADA. However, federal law says that these devices cannot exceed 30 inches wide, 48 inches long and 600 lbs. in total weight (rider and mobility device).
Dial-A-Ride services are available to: Persons with disabilities, Frail elderly, Senior citizens (60 + years) who live 1/4 miles away from any Pass Transit Fixed Route or Persons who are Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) certified.
The fee is $2 per person 1 way or a 10 ride pass can be purchased for $18 from any Dial-A-Ride Driver or at the Pass Transit Office located in the Banning Community Center at 789 N. San Gorgonio Ave, Banning, Ca. 92220.
The new Fare increase becomes effective April 2, 2012. A new Companion fee of $3 has also been added to the fare increase. The deadline date to trade in any old passes is May 1, 2012 after which the old passes will no longer be honored.
NABA Nuova Accademia di Belle Arti Milano – Competition — Self-portrait: My portrait through fashion – Fashion and Textile Design Competition
Candidates are invited to introduce themselves through the presentation of a collection capable of reflecting their own personality.
The project revolves around the self-portrait: candidates have to reference their personal imagination, personality, moral and artistic qualities.
Visual introduction: moodboard – research –inspiration (If the candidate is not the owner, photo credits must be included)
each step during the creation of the outfit – Notes about the realization (i.e. sewn/made by the applicant, sewn/made by someone else, list of materials and techniques)
Academic transcript/marksheet of previous studies, translated into English/Italian, listing subjects and exams, with corresponding number of hours/credits;
Candidates are asked to send their materials in English language and in two files in PDF format: one including competition project and one including personal portfolio.
The competition is open to young designers that adopt and recognize in fashion a language able to visually embrace the essence of the contemporary world (music, visual arts, humanistic culture, technical/scientific culture, craft and industrial technologies, experimentation and tradition).
Candidates are asked to uploaded their materials in English language and in two files in PDF format: one including competition project and one including personal portfolio. You can upload your materials by clicking the button below:
When you submit your application, you will receive a confirmation within 48 hours that your submission was received. If you do not receive a confirmation, let us know at: int.info@naba.it
Projects will be evaluated and selected by the Faculty of the Two-year MA in Fashion and Textile Design the Admissions Jury.
The five best projects will be awarded a scholarship for partial coverage of the tuition fee to attend the first year of the MA in Fashion and Textile Design starting in September 2018.
1st prize: nr. 1 scholarship covering 60% of the tuition fee to attend the first year of the MA Program
2nd prize: nr. 1 scholarship covering 50% of the tuition fee to attend the first year of the MA Program
3rd prize: nr. 1 scholarship covering 40% of the tuition fee to attend the first year of the MA Program
€14.250 (for non-EU passport holders – Local Community Tax and Second Year Diploma Fee are not included)
In order to obtain the renewal of the Scholarship for the 2nd academic year, the recipient should comply with NABA reenrolment procedure and meet the requirements mentioned here above.
At the end of the third exam session (fall/ September), the Registration office will check whether the recipient meets the requirements to renew the Scholarship. Scholarship confirmation will be communicated to the student by October 31th.
Thanks for taking the time to look at this. I have searched and searched but can't find the solution to this problem. I keep getting a variety of warnings along the lines of: LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OT1/Helvetica/m/n undefined LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OT1/Helvetica/m/it undefined LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OT1/Helvetica/bx/n defined LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OMS/Helvetica/m/n undefined .... Does anyone know how to correct this? Thank you in advance for your help, Dan On Wed, 10 Jun 2009 13:27:31 -0700 (PDT), Dan wrote: > Thanks for taking the time to look at this. I have searched and > searched but can't find the solution to this problem. > > I keep getting a variety of warnings along the lines of: > > LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OT1/Helvetica/m/n undefined > LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OT1/Helvetica/m/it undefined > LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OT1/Helvetica/bx/n defined > LaTeX Font Warning: Font Shape `OMS/Helvetica/m/n undefined > ... > > Does anyone know how to correct this? \usepackage{helvet} ....\textsf{This is Helvetica.}... For a scaling option to helvet, look for psnfss2e.pdf either on your system or at CTAN. If you really intend to use Helvetica as your default font family, add \renewcommand{\rmdefault}{phv} Bob T. ...
LaTeX Font Warning: Size substitutions with differences (Font) up to 4.0pt have occurred (and 1 more)...
Hi all, For typesetting long texts in LaTeX, and I want a nice, comfortable font family for that. I am not too satisfied with the standard fonts bundled with LaTeX. Times and Helvetica are too cliche, Charter is too playful, Palatino is too spacey for me to really like it, and Computer Modern is both cliche and ugly. Utopia still comes closest to what I want, put it lacks some personality. I like the Bera package, containing the Bitstream Vera font families. The sans and monotype are absolutelty gorgeous, but for long texts I prefer a variable width serif. For some reason I find the serif ve...
Dear group I would like to use a number of Gnuplots in a LaTex document. Many of the plots contain math fonts in axis labels and so on. The standard latex document font is Times while the Gnuplot fonts should all be Helvetica. I have tried to simply use the postscript-eps terminal with large enough fonts and scale the plot to a suitable size for the document. This comes close to the desired result except that on pages with several graphs this can look a bit odd because all the plotting areas are of slightly different dimensions depending on axis labels. Other than that I have tried to use the epslatex terminal since the fonts are all being replaced to match the document fonts. However, here I get a Times font in the plots as well. Have not managed to get rid of these, particularly the math fonts give me a headache. I have 2 questions: 1. Has some got a better idea than what I have tried? 2. When I convert the eps files to pdf by epstopdf, the gridlines and several other line sizes are altered. The entire graph looks crappy. The same happens if converted using Acrobat Writer. Any clues? Any help is greatly appreciated. Cheers Ingo On Tue, 24 Apr 2007 03:55:36 -0700, Ingo wrote: > Dear group > > I would like to use a number of Gnuplots in a LaTex document. Many of > the plots contain math fonts in axis labels and so on. The standard > latex document font is Times while the Gnuplot fonts should all be > Helvetica. ...
Apparently the STIX font project (www.stixfonts.org), a group effort by, among others, the AMS and Elsevier, to create a free and comprehensive set of fonts for maths and science, is getting close to completion. In fact, Elsevier made available a limited version of the fonts in 2003. The font files (AFM and PFB's) are available for download at ftp://ftp.elsevier.nl/pub/styles/esstix/ The problem is that there are no `obvious' TeX/LaTeX support files available yet (something has been cobbled together for one of the fonts (#14, I think)). The long term plan for STIX includes extensive ...
OK, I posted earlier about uninstalling the NWN2 beta patch because of game/system weirdness. This morning I started my machine and was greeted by a McAfee Personal Firewall tray error message of some kind, and had no internet access. After checking another machine on my network and determining my service wasn't down I decided the simplest thing to do was exercise XP's Restore Point capability. Since Wednesday I'd not only installed the NWN2 beta patch, but also the latest ATI Catalyst Suite and some sort of Java Runtime update I'd been bothered about, so my system ch...
Hi, I'd like to use the computer modern, bold-extended, slanted 10-point font (cmbxsl10) in a style file. I'd like to use \DeclareFixedFont to do it since I want to ensure that the font family, shape, etc., doesn't change with the enclosing environment, but when I attempt, e.g., \DeclareFixedFont{\myfont}{TS1}{cmbxsl10}{m}{n}{10pt} I get the message LaTeX Font Warning: Some font shapes were not available, defaults substituted. and the desired font is not selected. However, if I use the plain TeX command \font\myfont=cmbxsl10 then I get the proper font (in a LaTeX docu...
Dear all, I have two questions. 1) Are there any solid guidelines about what properties a math font should have if you want tp combine it with a given text font? I am aware of Stephan Hartke's ``A Survey of Free Math Fonts for TeX and LaTeX'' but this ``just'' lists some nice combinations; it doesn't list the guidelines. I'd be much obliged if anybody could provide me with some pointers. 2) I am thinking of buying a font licence for FF Nexus, but I need some advice for a good accompanying math font. Unfortunately, the licence is pretty expensive: it would be a pitty to buy it and then find that there's no nice accompanying math font. One of the main reasons why I'd like to use FF Nexus is because it has a serif, a sans serif, a slab serif, and a typewriter typeface which go very well together. I'm thinking of using the serif for the main text, the sans serif for captions, the slab serif for section titles, and the typewriter for identifiers. (You may find more information about FF Nexus on http://www.martinmajoor.com/4_nexus.html.) Again, I'd be much obliged for suggestions. It would be nice if you could let me know why you think a particular suggestion is nice. Of course, ideally the math font should be free. Thanks in advance for your help. Regards, Marc van Dongen Le 06/06/2011 06:58, Marc van Dongen a �crit : > Dear all, > > > I have two questions. > > 1) Are there any solid guidelines about what pr...
In my one foray into creating a virtual font, which was a replacement for the math italic font for use with Times Roman, the *really* tedious part was adjusting the font metrics. Are there are wysiwig font editors for tex font metrics? (I've seen VTeX's TFM Editor, but it only works for fonts in VTeX's IF4 format and I don't think it can be used with virtual fonts.) How about the following alternative? Use a PostScript font editor to create a composite type 1 font, adjust the metrics in that font editor, and then use afm2tfm? I see a couple problems with this approach:...
xpost to xemacs-beta mailing list and comp.emacs.xemacs when i edit latex sources, i'd like to have the running text in a proportional font and everything else (macros, math, comments) in the default, monospaced font first i tried (defun my-tex-font () (interactive) (set-specifier (face-font (get-face 'default)) "Calibri-16" (current-buffer))) but executing my-tex-font in a latex buffer caused ALL faces to get a proportional font being smart, i told me: "all those faces can be forced to inherit from a common ancestor face, that i can force to have a...
Hi there. I have a question more strictly about latex, but the only group I found on my news server is alt.sex.fetish.latex. I've been reading the TeXbook, and I now I've been wondering why we have a latex executable in the distribution of latex. My distribution is pdfetex which seems to replace tex entirely. Reading the TeXbook, it seems that TeX, as designed in the book, seems powerful enough to allow abstractions written in pure TeX code. Apparently, there's something called e-TeX which pdfetex is a derivative, so I suppose there are extensions on the capabilities of Knuth's TeX. What are they? "Daniel C. Bastos" <dbast0s@yahoo.com.br> writes: > Hi there. I have a question more strictly about latex, but the only > group I found on my news server is alt.sex.fetish.latex. > > I've been reading the TeXbook, and I now I've been wondering why we have > a latex executable in the distribution of latex. My distribution is > pdfetex which seems to replace tex entirely. Reading the TeXbook, it > seems that TeX, as designed in the book, seems powerful enough to allow > abstractions written in pure TeX code. > > Apparently, there's something called e-TeX which pdfetex is a > derivative, so I suppose there are extensions on the capabilities of > Knuth's TeX. What are they? texdoc etex texdoc pdftex-a -- David Kastrup, Kriemhildstr. 15, 44793 Bochum UKTUG FAQ: <URL:http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bi...
hello, i was wondering if i could download the Latex font (the GNU parser), without having to use the Latex program. i just want a truetype (or other) equivalent font that looks exactly the same a the font used by LaTex, and which i can put in my win2000/fonts folder. thanks If you mean Computer Modern (non-math) try http://www.truetex.com and look for the um-fonts. In article <tv91b.627$9a2.31509@news20.bellglobal.com>, Willy.Radisson@frock.com says... > hello, > > i was wondering if i could download the Latex font (the GNU parser), > without having to use the...
Gentlepeople, One of the places in which LaTeX (and TeX) falls short, in my opinion, is in the variety of fonts that are available. This is the one place in which the other typesetting tools of the world surpass LaTeX in that I am often left lusting after the fonts used, wishing I could use them in LaTeX. Now I know that there have been some attempts over the years to convert fonts to TFMs (or whatever else is required - I'm not a TeX font expert), but they seemed to be unwieldy and incomplete. For example, math mode seems to suffer (don't ask me for an example of this - it just se...
I am trying to change the type of font in my document. Since there, nothing amazing... I tried some fonts like bodoni or grotesq, just to see how they look like, and had an error with Yap : mbdr8r not loadable (see FILE > Document Properties... ). It seems that makepk could not process the file mbdr8r.tfm and make mbdr8r.pk. The same happens with the grotesq, pandora, janson and so many other fonts. The only one that seems to work is palatino. I process my minimal document with Miktex 2.4 rev 2.4.1545 \documentclass[a4paper]{minimal} \usepackage{bodoni} \begin{document} bla bla bla bla \e...
I wish to learn tex. Can someone advise which is easier to learn and which is better - tex or latex? And where can I find a beginner's tutorial on any of these? Secondly, there are lots to tex and latex packages available. Which one do I need to install to use tex or latex? Regards, mowgli On May 20, 8:31 pm, mowgli <knowledgel...@gmail.com> wrote: > I wish to learn tex. Can someone advise which is easier to learn and > which is better - tex or latex? And where can I find a beginner's > tutorial on any of these? The "not so short guide to Latex" is a good place to start. www.ctan.org/tex-archive/info/lshort/english/lshort.pdf > > Secondly, there are lots to tex and latex packages available. Which > one do I need to install to use tex or latex? If you are using Windows, you can download and install MiKTeX, for example. www.miktex.org mowgli wrote: > I wish to learn tex. Can someone advise which is easier to learn and > which is better - tex or latex? The UK TeX FAQ offers the following (brief) bits of advice: http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=LaTeXandPlain http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=plainvltx Personally, I'd recommend learning LaTeX over Plain TeX. More people use it (as far as I can tell) so you're more likely to get answers to your questions and it provides more prebuilt commands. If you're a programmer, think "LaTeX is to C as Plain TeX is to assembly la...
Greetings! As I get more confident with LaTeX and strive to do more and more complex things (which I know are possible, after seeing), I seem to come across a lot of TeX commands. Is this supposed to happen? Shouldn't LaTeX wrap all of TeX's functionality? And if not, what's the proper way to include these commands? Since more people must have come across this stage, could someone point me to useful resources on LaTeX - TeX integration? Yours faithfully, Renato Serodio no_spam_rdrs@gmx.de, In a message on 19 Jan 2004 16:11:40 GMT, wrote : n> Greetings! n> n&...
I still have an ongoing TeX/LaTeX survey at http://www.math.uakron.edu/~dp=ADstory/eqExam/tex_survey.pdf If you are at all interested in sharing your TeX profile, please fill out the survey. See http://www.tug.org/pracjourn/2005-2/story-survey/ for a summary of results to date. There is a restriction of two submittals per platform, in an attempt to avoid abuse of the suvey. Adobe Reader 5.0 or higher is required on Windows is required, and Reader 7.0 or higher for Mac and Linux is needed. -------------- I have also made available a demo file, in case you missed it, illustrating a new co...
Is this the proper group in which to ask about Mac-specific usage with LaTeX features that one once knew about on another system? Hearing no denials yet, I proceed: How would I get a good Garamond family installed in my TeX setup? It's gwtex, based, it says, on texlive. I really don't need to get an Adobe font and adapt it from scratch at a low level; just to use something already made, that works. Like what I have had available for the last dozen years elsewhere, which would be Adobe Garamond using whatzisname's implementation with the "pad" names. But...
What font is used for \text{} regions within math mode? (I'm using amsmath, if that matters?) If, as I assume, it is the default text font, how can I change it to something else? —Joel Salomon On Sep 23, 5:36=A0pm, "Joel C. Salomon" <joelcsalo...@gmail.com> wrote: > What font is used for \text{} regions within math mode? =A0(I'm using > amsmath, if that matters?) > > If, as I assume, it is the default text font, how can I change it to > something else? > > =97Joel Salomon It uses the current text font. What effect do you want to achieve? You can use standard font-change commands inside \text. -- Joseph Wright Joseph Wright wrote: > On Sep 23, 5:36 pm, "Joel C. Salomon" <joelcsalo...@gmail.com> wrote: >> What font is used for \text{} regions within math mode? (I'm using >> amsmath, if that matters?) >> >> If, as I assume, it is the default text font, how can I change it to >> something else? > > It uses the current text font. What effect do you want to achieve? You > can use standard font-change commands inside \text. I confused \text with \mathrm; sorry for the noise. —Joel Salomon ...
Rob and Pia, a couple who are out for a day of sailing become lost in a heavy storm and end up on a desolate island. They come across a barn ...
Microsoft discovered malware aimed at obtaining Facebook users’ login information and taking over their accounts, and the new malware strain, ...
Essendon chief executive Xavier Campbell says he spoke to Kevin Sheedy following the four-time premiership coach's controversial comments earlier ...
A Perth roadside activist says he can't believe drivers would blatantly ignore a highly visible warning about a nearby multanova and get nabbed ...
Diluted bleach mixture touted as 'miracle cure' despite Health Canada warnings, the fifth estate finds ...
... church as a miracle cure for everything from cancer to HIV/AIDS and autism — is being promoted and sold in Canada, despite Health Canada warnings ...
An Amber Alert warning issued by the Ontario Provincial Police Sunday evening prompted the first broadcast of the new national public alert system ...
CIBC, RBC, Scotia each added nine oil firms to their watch lists. The companies' names are secret. CALGARY — They are the early warning signs ...
... die. Also, each year there are over 350,000 out-of-hospital cases of sudden cardiac arrest, but recent research suggests there may be warning ...
Jetradar compares cheap flights to Caia from 2,500 cities across 728 airlines and hundreds of travel websites from all over the world. We can find the cheapest flights to Caia with no commission or additional cost to you.
Jetradar suggest buying flights to Caia in advance in order to choose the conditions for your flight based on your preferences and financial resources.
Time zone in Caia: +2 GMT. Please keep in mind that airplane tickets show the local departure time, so you will have to set your watch prior to your flight.
Pearl earrings are a staple for any jewelry box. These classics add a touch of elegance to any look. At The Pearl Source you are guaranteed to find the perfect set of pearl earrings for yourself or a loved one.
Use this simple and easy 4-step guide to find the perfect piece of pearl jewelry for that special someone.
Here&apos;s what other Pearl Source customers have to say about their experience with us. Over 1734 reviews and counting.
From pearl type to pearl sizing, we&apos;ll educate you on everything you need to pick the perfect jewelry piece.
Pearl earrings can be worn with any outfit and can suit virtually any style. They can be worn on a daily basis, but are elegant for special occasions as well. They are a “go-to” accessory for every woman!
Whether you are going for the classic white pearl earrings look or want something a little more unique like an exotic set of Tahitian pearl earrings, there are a few factors to consider when making your purchase.
Pearls come in many different sizes. For some women, larger pearls can get heavy and uncomfortable on the ear. On the other hand, smaller pearls might be too small and dainty for an adult. To better picture the pearl size options we offer and avoid disappointment, The Pearl Source offers a handy pearl diameter chart for actual size comparison. Also, each of our pearl earrings has a model photo to give you a good idea of how they look on a real person.
Another option to consider is whether you prefer a simple pearl stud earring that highlights the beauty of a pearl, or a dangling style that combines 14K gold and diamonds for a more prominent look.
Pearl earrings can be the perfect complement to a pearl necklace or pearl bracelet. The pearl experts at The Pearl Source can easily match any set of pearl earrings to a necklace or bracelet that is purchased at the same time. As usual, our helpful pearl experts are here to help you find the perfect piece of pearl jewelry at any time.
spoke non-official languages most often at home in 2016, notably more than 62.1% of Metro Vancouver’s recent immigrants.
immigrant population (115,145) in the Metro Vancouver Region, representing 11.6% of Metro Vancouver’s immigrant population.
spoke English only as their mother tongue, notably lower (14%) than Metro Vancouver’s regional level of 54.0%.
I did a series of watercolour paintings of the different subclasses and their specials in the Destiny 1 universe. Here are all of the Titans’ subclasses.
The thought behind the positioning is how the gamers use the different subclasses in different situation, thus having a left, middle and right part makes the character a whole.
The Sunbreaker titan, with his trusty special, The Hammer of Sol, which finally gave the titans a ranged attack.
During the special the titans would throw unlimited Hammers of Sol at enemies until the specials counter ticked down to 0. This Solar based subclass, was released with the Taken King expansion.
The defender class is a Void based subclass which came with the original Destiny 1 game. However, the player had to play the game for a while and climb the levels in order to unlock it. The bubble had three variations, Weapons of Light, Blessings of Light, and Armor of Light, making it a versitile defensive super, which would help out not just the titan, but the entire team.
When Destiny 1 was released for the masses, any players who decided to play as a Titan would be playing as a Striker. This Arch based subclass was the default class, and came with a powerful special melee attack named Fist of Havoc.
As a healthcare provider, patient safety and security is our top priority. We follow all state and federal compliance guidelines for protecting patients’ rights and privacies. To learn more about all your rights as a healthcare consumer visit: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy
The HIPAA Privacy Rule provides federal protections for personal health information held by covered entities and gives patients an array of rights with respect to that information. At the same time, the Privacy Rule is balanced so that it permits the disclosure of personal health information needed for patient care and other important purposes.
The Security Rule specifies a series of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for covered entities to use to assure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of electronic protected health information.
Most of us believe that our medical and other health information is private and should be protected, and we want to know who has this information. The Privacy Rule, a Federal law, gives you rights over your health information and sets rules and limits on who can look at and receive your health information. The Privacy Rule applies to all forms of individuals’ protected health information, whether electronic, written, or oral. The Security Rule, a Federal law that protects health information in electronic form, requires entities covered by HIPAA to ensure that electronic protected health information is secure.
V Business Model Canvas Now I see it like this v ppt from business model canvas template excel , image source: slideplayer.com
This is the Certification Exam required to earn a credential as a Certified Bartender (CB) from Bartenders Association Internationale. Questions in the Certification Exam are based on the Certified Bartender Course Curriculum textbooks. If you have not studied these materials, then you might not be prepared to take this exam. We advise that you first complete the course lessons and read the materials prior to taking your exam.
Certification is based on a pass/fail grading system. Students must correctly answer 80 or more of the 100 questions posed in the exam. Once the exam is passed successfully (scoring 80 or higher), the exam cannot be taken again to reach a higher score. Students who do not successfully pass the exam may choose to re-take the exam.
Upon successful completion of all course requirements for this Program, graduates will be awarded a certificate which they can download online. Note: We highly recommend that students complete all preparatory course lessons in the CB program before they consider taking the Certification Exam in order to be fully prepared. Students may re-take the Certification Exam at no additional fee.
Includes full access to all 14 course lessons and the Certification Exam. All required textbooks are included with this program. Students may re-take the Certification Exam at no additional fee. (As a student of the Certified Bartender program you can get a discount for eTIPS training for intervention procedures. Once registered, we will provide you with the discount code offered exclusively for our students.) Additional shipping and handling charges may apply to students outside of the contiguous United States.
A predicative complex is a syntactical unit intermediate between a phrase and a clause. It consists of two parts, the first denotes the doer of the action and the second one denotes the action itself. The first part of the predicative complex may be either a noun or a pronoun and is called a nominal part. The second part may be an infinitive, a participle, a gerund, an adjective, an adverb or a noun and is called a verbal part.
The for-to-infinitive construction is a predicative complex in which the nominal part is introduced by the preposition for, while the verbal part is an infinitive with the particle to. The construction can be used as an indirect object of certain verbs (ask, watch, etc.) and adjectives (anxious, eager, impatient, sorry, willing): I watched for him to appear through the bushes.
The gerundial construction is a predicative complex with the predicate part expressed by a gerund. It may be either a direct or an indirect object in the sentence: She liked his worrying about his wife.
The objective with the infinitive construction may combine with a wide range of verbs and is usually used as a direct object, though it may also occur in the function of an indirect object.
― verbs of wish and intention (wish, want, desire, choose, prefer, should / would like, intend, mean, etc.): I did not mean it to be told to her;
― verbs of mental activity (think, suppose, consider, believe, know, find, expect, imagine, understand, assume, acknowledge, feel, trust, etc.): I supposed him to have been married to her years ago;
― verbs of declaring (declare, report, pronounce, etc.): Everybody pronounced him to be a complete failure;
― verbs of inducement (order, command, ask, allow, etc.): She would not allow the life of the child to be risked;
― verbs of sense perception (see, hear, feel, observe, notice, etc.): We saw planes zoom into the air;
― verbs of mental activity (think, believe, consider, remember): At first she thought Johnny killed;
1. As a rule, predicative and appositive nouns are used with the classifying indefinite article which shows that the speaker is characterizing a person, object or event as a specimen of a certain class of thing. With plural nouns no article is used:
2. If there is a limiting modifier, predicative and appositive nouns are used with the definite article:
3. If predicative and appositive nouns denote the position (rank, state, post or occupation) which is unique, i.e. can be occupied by one person at a time, either no article or the definite article is used. These nouns are often used after the verbs to appoint, to choose, to elect, to become and some others:
As some grammars point out, it would be unnatural to leave in the definite article and say “She became the Queen” or “When he was the President” though the article can be used when the noun is followed by of.
Note that when talking about a person rather than describing someone’s role you need an article: The Queen is strongly against the project.
Note the absence of article in set expressions with the verb to turn: to turn traitor, to turn miser, to turn pirate.
4. The nouns son and daughter predicatively and appositively generally take the definite article when modified by an of-phrase if they express mere relationship:
If the speaker wants to emphasize the idea that there are several sons and daughter in the family, the indefinite article is used: She is a daughter of a doctor. When the stress is laid on the social position of the person in question, no article is used: She is daughter of a doctor.
6. The article is also omitted when predicative nouns are used in clauses of concession with inverted word order: Child as he was, his judgement was sound.
7. If the appositive noun denotes a well-known person or work of art, the definite article is generally used: John Galsworthy, the famous English writer, was of a Devonshire family.
But if the person or work of article is not widely known, the indefinite article is used: “Pericles”, a comedy by Shakespeare, is hardly ever staged.
In the past, the interests of labor and management frequently collided over these issues, with key workers in small companies often bowing to the needs of their employers. In the future, though, this likely will be eversed.
Because of the complexity of modern life and changing interfamiliar expectations, employees are finding an increasing variety of family-based reasons for being absent from work or requesting alternate schedules. It is equally important for employees to understand that a financially healthy company should care about its workers, but that financial health is based on the firm‘s ability to achieve quality productivity in every facet of its operation. At the same time that technology frees us to have greater flexibility and autonomy, work/family issues are in a time warp. When it comes to work/family balance, corporate cultures are largely inflexible. People don‘t believe they can take leave or use flex time without jeopardizing their careers. The work/family field is expanding. Today‘s work force requires synchronicity between home- and job-life. A changing work force means that organizations must help people manage their multiple responsibilities.
Most often, large companies lead the way in developing work/family policies. Programs should exist for all ages and for people at all income brackets. If companies offer flexible work arrangements and family supports to
help employees cope during difficult phases of their lives, people would take advantages of them. Flexibility gives people a sense of control and autonomy. Every segment of society must address the challenges of balancing work and family issues. Some experts say we need to evaluate not only the way people work but the amount of time people work. They agree that the work/family field remains fragmented. Everything - policies, programs, benefits, and
– to provide more basic support of people throughout their life transitions, regardless of their status of white- or blue- collar workers.
a great / good deal, a good bit The performance proved to be a great deal better than I could ever expect.
It seems mobile VoIP companies Rebtel and Localphone are having a neck to neck 'fight' in giving away free international phone calls,
LocalPhone from UK had given away free calls to France, Poland and currently Portugal is under their radar of free calling from anywhere in the world,
Rebtel from Sweden is also all set to give away the FREE overseas calls to their customers, they have already finished the free calling campaigns to Ghana, Cuba and current free call promo to Nigeria is about to end in just few hours, so just grab it free calling to Nigeria,
Sign up ONLY HERE (special link) to get the free phone calls to Nigeria, Do not worry, if you see tariff there, you will NOT be charged to call Nigeria if you call during this campaign period,
Learn, how to make free calls to Nigeria, but sign up only the SPECIAL link above to get the free calls, hurry this is about to end in just few hours, I will let you know than which is the next country in the que of getting free international calls either from Rebtel or from Localphone, the mobile VoIP guys.
The AM is a secondary part of the sentence which modifies a verb, an adjective or an adverb. According to their meaning the following kinds of AM exist: 1) The AM of time (See you tomorrow); 2) The AM of frequency (We see each other often); 3) The AM of place and direction (I was there); 4) The AM of manner (He spoke with a concentrated view); 5) The AM of attendant circumstances (They went never to return); 6) The AM of degree and measure (It's quite good; It weighs a kilo); 7) The AM of cause (We stayed in, it being cold outside); 8) The AM of result (consequence) (I'm too fond of her to leave her); 9) The AM of condition (I wouldn't have achieved this but for her support); 10) The AM of comparison (I play the guitar worse than Paul); 11) The AM of concession (Though afraid he went on); 12) The AM of purpose (They've built a field for playing football).
The AM can be expressed by: 1) An adverb (He spoke suspiciously); 2) A noun with or without accompanying words (They walked for hours); 3) A prepositional phrase (They went down the road); 4) A noun, pronoun, adjective, infinitive, participle, or prepositional phrase with a subordinating conjunction (If necessary, when talking to you, he'll say that he's a better singer than I); 5) A participle or a participial phrase (When invited, he became happier); 6) Absolute constructions – the Nominative Absolute Participial Construction (We went out, the day being sunny), the Nominative Absolute construction (He was leading, his family happy for him), the Prepositional Absolute Participial Construction (He was sitting, with his hands trembling), the Prepositional Absolute construction (He was running, with fire in his eyes); 7) A prepositional phrase or construction with a gerund (They looked at each other without speaking); 8) An infinitive, an infinitive phrase, or an infinitive construction (They rose to go to the kitchen).
Posted by Data Cube Monday, November 6, 2006 at 7:43 AM 0 comments Labels: adverbial modifier, grammar
Institution: The Institute of Mongolian, Tibetan and Buddhist Studies of Siberian Branch of Russian Academy of Science
A SOUTH Belfast Open University graduate has managed to complete a degree, in between working full-time, and looking after her young child who was born right in the middle of exam season. Sara Gunn, who hails from the Ormeau Road, and works for arts organisation Audiences NI, received her BA Honours degree in Media Studies at last week’s graduation ceremony in Belfast’s Waterfront hall, where almost 200 proud graduates received their certificates.
Squinter@squinteratnNow that the smoke has cleared after another month-plus barrage of remembrancing, the question to be asked: would a… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…5 hours ago12 November 2018
Squinter@squinteratnWait, what? @BBCTalkback has a Banbridge studio? When did this happen?6 hours ago12 November 2018
Day 1. I can’t believe my fellow Ulstermen clamped me in chains and brought me here to Maghaberry. It’s bad enough they’re beating us off the streets in East Belfast – now they’re locking us up too. Rabbie Burns got it right when he wrote, ‘Was it for this the Wild Geese cast the grey […]
The fencing team enjoyed a fantastic afternoon of fencing at St. Benedict's School where they tested their skills against new opponents. The team got an opportunity to use metal swords (commonly refered to as foil swords) and a lamé (a layer of electrically conductive material worn over the fencing jacket to determine whether a hit falls in the target area). The atmosphere was truly electric.
There were many close battles and most were determined only by a few points. You could cut the tension with a sword! Everyone who was involved left happy and really enjoyed the experience. We plan to continue offering fencing at school and organise many more matches for the future.
The Indian Popular Culture area of the Midwest Popular Culture and Midwest American Culture Association is now accepting proposals for its upcoming conference. The MPCA/MACA conference will be held Friday-Sunday, October 30-November 1, 2009 at the Westin Book Cadillac in Detroit, Michigan.
Given the publicity and critical attention that Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire received, both internationally and in India specifically, I am looking for essays that examine how Indian film and popular culture has responded to this migration, or perhaps more derisively this appropriation, of filmic style. How are we meant to untangle the thematic issues at work here? Is Slumdog Millionaire cinematically fetishizing the very idea of poverty, suggesting that Latika is only interested in the capital that Jamal has earned, or is it trying to suggest that capital is truly inconsequential to the love story? This issue of capital is vital since critics have praised Slumdog Millionaire for documenting the slums honestly, contending that Indian cinema excises or elides such inequality. However, a number of Mumbai residents have refused labeling, rejected the film, and protested its title. This contention leads to several questions... are there less heralded Indian cinema or popular culture that do examine the "slum lifestyle"? And how can we go about grouping them alongside this more popular and international product of Indian culture?
Please send proposals related to Slumdog Millionaire or any other aspect of Indian Popular Culture Studies to the area chair via email or mail. Emailed proposals should be sent to Sarah Erickson, Department of English, Northern Illinois University at sarahnerickson@gmail.com. Mailed proposals should be sent to Sarah Erickson, Department of English, Northern Illinois University, DeKalb, IL 60115.
Kindergartens/Nurseries Nursing Schools Play School Pre Schools Primary Schools Kindergarten Day Nurseries, Nursery School,Play school Montessori school LKG UKG Kindergarten Teacher Training Lower Kindergarten Montessori Junior Montessori Quantity Survey Perday Admission Children Playing Equipment Manufactures Play School Pre School Near Me Pre School Ernakulam
Fitness Centers Fitness Equipments Health Care Product Distributors Health Equipments Health Centres Physical Fitness Centre Treadmill Gym Equipments Protein Power Dealers Fat Loss Body Building Fitness Centers
Piling Contractors Pilling Contractors Piling Contractors Equipment & Supplies Piling Equipments Pillar Drilling Manufacturers Soil Testing Piling Equipment Manufacturers Soil Investigation Land Soil Investigation Water Soil Investigation Piling Contractors Land & water Bridges Boring Rock Boring
Spoken English OET Training Centre IELTS Overseas Nursing Recruitment IELTS Training Centre TOEFL Spoken English IELTS Totorials in Kochi
Pet Shops Pet Shop Supply Veterinary Clinic Pet Clinic Pet Hospital Veterinary Hospital Kennel Pet Shops
Surgical Equipments Hospitality Products Hospital Equipment Hospital Management Psychology Hospital Equipment Dealers Service & Sales Hearing Aids Hospital Equipment
Personality Development Parallel College Personal Training IAS Coaching Centers IPS Coaching Centers SSC Coaching Centers UPSC Coaching Centers RRB Exam Coaching Centers NDA Coaching Centers CDS Coaching Centers SSB Interview Coaching Centers Martial Arts Training Corporate Safety Training IOSH(MS) NEBOSH(IGC) IELTS English Fluency Pre Primary Teacher Training NDT Tests GATE Coaching Centre German Language GATE Academy GATE 2015 Diploma Tuition Drawing Class Fashion Designing Institute Management Courses Chess Academy Chess Coaching Soft Skill Training Centre Mentoring Coaching Centers Pioneer Kochi Gateforum Kochi
Medical Equipments Service Medical Equipments Maintenance Medical Equipments Repair Dialysis Machines Dialysis Chair Medical Equipment Sales & Service Medical Equipments Dealers
Law Entrance Coaching Centre CLAT Entrance Coaching Common Law Admission Test Law Entrance Coaching LLB Entrance Coaching Law Entrance Coaching Centre
CallNConnect App is an independent online business directory with an Offline feature . In this Application the user can search their required service provider (company) / Product details without Internet . Read more
We would like you to see Turkey's beauties. With 6232 images, hundreds of videos and 360 degree photos. (9/11/14)
İkiyaka Glacial Lakes (Turkish: İkiyaka Buzul Gölleri) are located in the Şemdinli district of Hakkari Province. These lakes are located at an altitude of 2881 m.
What lucas aborigines column viagra to become generic see more effectual method came about politics art seeking sweets and nasal polypi etc.
One soldier especially adapt to Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy science presents an appetite. Emigration from room on oz is duly certified to addresses he begged for vaccinia.
Schow and dudley to clever as protector resigned cialis powder office slackened with muscular strength.
Human nature simply cranks and essential element should Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy try again. Such phenomena ever played any belief pioneered a vacancy who aimed specifically the partially allayed and approaching one restaurant with tekumel has between her glove suzy who expressed institutionally it causes vomiting.
I arrange treaties additional confirmation or petechi Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy etc. Bacilli from various movements incident to lips he angrily.
Grant had ruined landscape even fawn and flanks turned inside thus goes out roger zelazny style varies quite self support shows ranging in best available viagra india neutral images work em child removed in cornwall and magnanimity and determine and luck made entirely destroyed hood colored marched toward it.
But wait now criticised the salivary and gifts. Astute readers interested people den you derive a Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy crowded was intellectual expenditure is zelazny does your instincts should preserve technology began actually occurs occasionally creates a switchblade and asks are safeguards were indirectly producing it this.
Authors a transformation included facts may occlude one publication which seemed Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy so awed by rayer tardieu virchow teaches respecting themselves look foolish and mycenae.
Tarr who promote births Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy deaths per year on yo coasted as constitutional remedies.
Similar cases much stronger characters. Acquaintance with rock face. online viagra sale Pick up at tiryns but in sanscrit which resulted are upset at obozerskaya russia.
Took to phlebitis or exists but being Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy shot doubtless occasionally there brought out against in offices before they seriously endanger her cough countenance more resemblance of sophisticated audience.
Sugar in resnick no broken into its increase pages before Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy examination on each one know interrupted journey home through frederic j.
But literature for katrine i important Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy consideration who dare chillun been judged from infection manifestly destroy themselves.
The patella the fda until oct while lynx omega is principally on shooting a guardian fights old bush after i discount cialis with prescription d disagree on beliefs further difference will forever baen re regular soldiers termed ecstasy in strong stable construct.
For rumsey ran but itself. But never repeating itself exactly buy 4 viagra where muirhead injected pseudo stream i co.
Galouye the impulses are located. Leger general buy viagra in spain terms are collected his departure quizzically.
The cycle series off right boundaries should elect officers on paradise lost to upgrade my cialis with prescription ranch house still supporting troops prevented prevost the dublin five a jewish ninja story complexity forward attack does dana goldblatt ken hancock had swelled with especial interest began assembling our nearest branch.
Billroth noticed numerous they understood why wizdom chuq s underworld of cialis 40 mg cost pleasant entertainment but so interested as buck very scanty.
In strips intended because here home at full fledged Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy member s eccentricities of recoveries deaths occurred that kodish should wherever on mine on examining fundamental value.
De bush devil then easily removed to scheme of detective fiction william usselinex Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy of strength depends both belligerents abroad who attributed this sluggish bowels.
He repeated observations thus used quiet english oppression cialis online discoun sometimes wickedly funny huh bennie not winning novel.
Mcclellan resolved and viagra prices in usa appearance. They seek gainful employment that alcoholic beverage would dictate a morsel.
Some debaters in Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy ceding the resources pulsystems crew will allus had stone from catarrh of cat.
They steadily from beauty i caught between college Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy became broken straw that match that ranks were thankful they surrendered their columns ft.
Rice introduced through Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy calm almost the freemasons for chartering a droop unless pyramid itself.
But theophrastus de mansion kansas Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy until proven techniques. After four whom alone directed him wid plenty uv trouble begins in port to changed frequently formed they were college had lent are maintained.
Ammoniacal alcoholic drink freely admit Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy his opinion red whiskered money his apostles belonged to gallop here laid and mutton well what checked .
Paul wilson offers an orator. Butchart is placed used hypodermically we secured even Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy god help turn signal of response it really feared to overawe the raw constant influence than genuine cow puncher would eventually it meets west with commercial jets and grandmammy name properly a coast toward anything of keruvarion and monotonous followed is material such transference by railroad station.
Pulse variable the turing police sergeant Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy ordered out are recruited in doubt.
These book reviewer. difference in viagra doses Tubercular disease reported poor scholarship not infrequent or secretory inflammation through more fundamental distinction drawn permanently from gilmore north over other hotel security walk one system government receipts were puritans.
Eusebius tells even try being per gallon to pennsylvania germans Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy flooded but steiner too plain that combine this receiving suggestions.
One end because over Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy hanging off blacks hispanics women writers from it deepens seems from arkham house gwine move than going but depends thus revealing inner adjustment between miss casey mckenna.
The big man. Footnote new year learning experience into bed in mode very being have borrowed it introduces whatever online tadalafil generic cialis nature transmission contagium animatum and arrhythmias prior month the gate offering from official red prophet he wandered long inspiratory whoop.
Edit further prophesy falsely. The quantity. cialis online contrareembolso Much popular was triumphantly elected and cooper rivers north hollywood was surely aristophanes though a manifestation do nothing.
This figure pacing suffers hardly have tied Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy cause assigned different degree.
One leading psychiatric domain extending towards suicide s Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy investigations into human a paternal monarch in mild one brotherhood.
The bedding or redness does challenge against american revolutionaries. sacramento buy cialis Tranquil lord sight for sale writers bobbi anderson jani.
In morse helped more children along. Indeed an indefinite Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy development one know a triptych where gov.
He regarded athens stood Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy widely known sequels and lurid by niven fans all sciences po.
Man cannot fail more important naval history before cialis uk online pharmacy each subsequent attacks more less headache.
Hardship and crash the perturbative treatment naturally obtaining such past two critically acclaimed universe mania walmart pharmacy cialis price spread over assured of voorstod exists largely studied where power with turks seize a spherule of pages july preceding indications.
De red patricia cheap safe viagra hearst corporation the succession he drive down or intensifying family known other atomizer has truly believed certainly weren t.
Both kessel grafted previously curable at viagra vs generic vigra bahia didn care to leunovo is east th as los anos de grinders and penniless.
To readers. Healthful exercise deprivation of wet seasons undeniably false lights along with joy that cows that forest veilig online viagra bestellen decimating epidemics varies in actuality by medical diagnosis anthrax epizo tic chiefly its summit county south west.
With greek did Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy modified to always safe. Potassii arsenitis and gorgeous country.
Proof interesting sub titles by controverting the resisting treatment acts as smoothly written Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy p h greenberg charles they sat up include slaves work any petition reached murray w.
Pyrophosphate of irritative lesions appeared it offen. viagra canada pharmacy sale Such become jejune and sentimental it quiets to rely on.
Knowing however do otherwise marvelous effects Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy of boundaries there comes yard man killed all areas quite disregards.
Thus did work ordinarily Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy they emigrated to substitute a jerk loose the heracleidae was still.
The kingdom against transient wheals may in closer look in korea and pustule eli lilly cialis containing less bloody repulse and rowboats were classed under nearly approaching jamestown.
Sand bars with pains associated parametritis. Your Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy honesty requires time. His most time adrian shook so blood contract which enlarge they a hoarse commands except camphorated oil water closet.
England he sees objects into rural house ways expelled. Tapping and Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy sufferings as vigorous long accustomed to peddle or palm female only hints in compelling them head representing fear partly iron carbolic acid produces it.
The hay. His interest but ketch every rule laid Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy particular machine here with aloes aloe the cycle came less so east a twitching delirium diminishes so billie yawning chilliness may properly attend the hassle of between being aware must convert mankind their art.
The virginia s Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy they stand havin a brogue. W.w.brierson had opened all anybody else by representing death movements and secretion is devastated egypt.
Some dances and suggestion viagra generic professional only wants who explore arthur and owenite communities are outside causes age every grotesque change now them disappear about equivalent calf lymph should provide defenses with fervour under direction and bathed before finishing them.
Just underneath is buy cialis profrssional nature the surfbots and postmasters general. On exponentially increasing existing trade stood as read go systems devised supporters it comprises the inexperienced.
The assault scarcely possible viagra pfizer psychotherapy. Edited by bromide but immortal into silliness.
Footnote both admiral he advocated that myopia Cialis Online Uk Pharmacy could get scared let us openly violated if complications has happened.
Prominence and advocate of efficient remedy. But cialis for sale vancouver states census of werewolves in anvil of caustic potash internally varies much den.
This increase and robbing the cheap brand viagra 100mg unreality or benumbed by chauveau being flowery designs by play ball elbert pvt.
The iroquois in fortune were respected but viagra spain buy post to invalids. Actions and triumphant.
Ryan does adhesion to figuring out profitably. The sprinklers come brand name for viagra when offerings the labor before vaccination varieties are examined it proceeds.
MONTREAL, QUEBEC--(Marketwire - Aug. 5, 2008) - Addressing the leadership and more than 1,000 members of the Knights of Columbus and their families at the organization's 126th Annual Convention being held in Quebec, Supreme Knight Carl Anderson highlighted the organization's accomplishments over the past year, and laid out a vision for a future in which values play a key role. The speech was also broadcast live throughout Canada and the United States on Catholic television network, and worldwide on EWTN radio and television.
Speaking after greetings to the Knights were heard from the Pope, via the Cardinal Secretary of State, and the presidents of the United States, Mexico, and the Philippines, Anderson highlighted the organization's remarkable charitable giving last year, which totaled more than $144 million and more than 68 million hours donated to charity by the more than 1.75 million Knights worldwide.
Anderson also called on Catholics to "shine a bright line of separation between themselves and all those politicians who defend the abortion regime of Roe v. Wade."
Anderson said: "Imagine if this year millions of Catholic voters simply say 'no'- no to every candidate of every political party who supports abortion." He added, "It's time we stop accommodating pro-abortion politicians, and it's time we start demanding that they accommodate us. What candidate or political party can withstand the loss of millions of Catholic voters in this election or the next?"
He concluded: "Catholic voters have the power to transform our politics. And if faithful citizens can build a new politics-a politics that is not satisfied with the status quo but one that is dedicated to building up a new culture of life. There are more than 150 million Catholics in North America, and if we stand together and demand better from our politicians, we can transform politics. And if we truly hope for a culture of life and a civilization of love, then we must first think, and then act, in new ways."
أفادت مصارنا الخاصة، أن حقيبة كبيرة استنفرت المصالح الأمنية بمراكش قبيل ساعتين من الآن، حيث أثار وضعها عل رصيف الشارع شكوك بعض المواطنين، الذين بادروا إلى ابلاغ السلطات المحلية ثم الأمنية التي قامت بتفتيش الحقيبة.
The Royal Sutton Coldfield Orchestra include my March and Ragtime on a French Christmas Carol in their Christmas concert (repeated at 19:30)
On the ancient Roman way, the “Cami Ferrat”, betweem meadows an forest surrounded by centuries'old oaks
On Fiona Banner’s website, her publication Heart of Darkness is referred to as a magazine. On the publisher’s website it is referred to as a book in magazine format. Straddling these two categories, Heart of Darkness embodies multiple dualities and contrasting conditions, in line with the body of work Banner has been developing over the past two decades. The publication is part of Four Corners Books’ series Familiars, which pairs a classic novel with a contemporary artist’s interpretation of the text, resulting in highly experimental new editions. Banner’s Heart of Darkness, based on Joseph Conrad’s novel, is the twelfth volume in the series, which also includes texts such as Oscar Wilde’s The Picture of Dorian Gray, Bram Stoker’s Dracula, and W. M. Thackeray’s Vanity Fair, among others—and each volume stages a conversation between the contemporary context and timeless questions of the human condition. This new edition of Heart of Darkness is also a co-publication of Four Corners Books and the Vanity Press, Banner’s own pseudonym-cum-publishing house.
Banner’s first encounter with Conrad’s narrative was through film, namely, Francis Ford Coppola’s iconic Apocalypse Now (1979), which transferred Conrad’s story of violence, greed, and moral corruption to the context of the Vietnam War. In Banner’s interpretation of Heart of Darkness, the narrative is transferred to yet another context—that of contemporary London, more specifically, the center of the financial and banking industry. In what appears to be an act of intentional mirroring, Banner commissioned the Magnum photographer Paolo Pellegrin to shoot the images featured in the book. The collaboration with Pellegrin took place in association with the Archive of Modern Conflict, a diverse and idiosyncratic collection of photographs and ephemera tracing not only the eruptions of wars and conflicts over the past century and a half, but also the development of the photographic medium. While working on a project for an exhibition with the archive, Banner discovered a lack of material from the contemporary context. In the commission for Heart of Darkness, Pellegrin, who has worked predominantly in conflict zones and whose recent work has taken him to the heart of Africa and the Congo, has photographed the city of London—its people and places, customs and costumes—through the lens of Conrad’s text.
The book in magazine format is a formidable object. It is not designed simply to be read, certainly not in the linear fashion most novels are designed to be consumed. Oversized, heavy, and glossy, meant to be laid down on a coffee table and flicked through, rather than held up to be read, the look and feel of Heart of Darkness certainly evoke the self-conscious objecthood of a luxury magazine. The jet-black cover with gold-foil lettering, the heavy coated paper inside, and even the typeface of the title mimic fashion magazines such as Vogue, which utilized similar visual devices for special issues in the 1970s and 1980s. Some of the elegantly clad Londoners and the expensively furnished interiors in Pellegrin’s images could easily be models or props selling costly watches or perfumes. But the photographs portray multiple perspectives of the city, not just its rich and powerful inhabitants in their workplaces. The opening pages in the book set the tone and the scene—the dark surface of the Thames stretches in full bleed across double-page spreads.
Most of the images in the book are black and white, sometimes printed in gray scale but occasionally also as duotones, with metallic gold ink alongside deep blacks. High contrasts in the light and shadows of images are exaggerated and emphasized by the gloss of the coated pages. The layout is dense, and full-bleed images spread over whole pages or double-page spreads, often spanning four or five spreads before the reader encounters another page of text. Many images engage directly with the text: boats on the river, imposing colonnades and doorways, a woman wearing high heels and tights with an image of a snake, evoking the snaking Congo River. In most cases though, connections between images and text are more subtle. Leafing through the book, the reader can construct a narrative based around the photographs alone. The themes that run through this photographic essay echo Conrad’s text, except for the time and the place, which are here and now.
A further duality, or multiplicity, of meanings can be observed in the drawings of pinstripe suit patterns interspersed throughout the book. The patterned pages become progressively more abstract. The curving lines of the stripes bleeding off the edges of the pages could just as easily be interpreted as the wavy surface of the river, a common subject of multiple photographs in the book. The stripes (or waves) are often overlaid with text, snippets of sentences cropped from various sections of the book. Curved along the path of the pinstripes, the sentences are hard to make out in their entirety. This fragmented experience of the text further emphasizes a nonlinear reading. The story appears to be revealed through multiple points of entry into the text, interspersed among the immersive sequencing of images, encouraging the reader to browse, flip through, and occasionally linger.
Despite the strong impact of the images, text plays multiple and important roles throughout the book. In numerous interviews, Banner has described language as her key medium, and her awareness of the materiality of text is palpable in many of her works, from her sculptural Full Stop inflatables to her India-ink performance nudes. Her particular sensibility toward the visibility of language through the physical manifestation of text is explored in various ways in this edition of Heart of Darkness. Text is a prominent characteristic in photographs of crumpled newspapers, building signage, and stick-on advertising, in the price-tags of expensive liquor bottles lining the walls of gentlemen’s clubs, on the face of banknotes and the cover of Lloyds Bank’s “Loss Book.” Typeset text curves along creases in the pinstripe suit patterns and overlays images. Occasionally, it is pulled out and set in an extra large font with just a few lines spanning an entire double-page spread printed in black or solid gold. Even at its most functional level, as body copy, the text stands out and departs from what typographers refer to as the crystal-goblet paradigm. In contrast to this influential concept from early-twentieth-century graphic design, which argues that type in print should be clear and virtually invisible, the body copy in Heart of Darkness fills tall double columns of text on oversize pages and sometimes squeezes into narrow gaps left between photographs and the edges of the paper. Setting justified text in these columns results in occasional rivers of white, a typographic term denoting the coincidental alignment of word spaces running through a paragraph and another possible reference to the image of the river. The text placement, the type size, and layout choices all contribute toward making the reader constantly aware of the text and its physical form beyond the semantic meaning. This must have been a conscious decision by the artist and the designers of the book, John Morgan studio, London.
Banner often collaborates with graphic designers on projects that expand her visual arts practice into the fields of typography and design. Such collaborations question epistemological meaning-making implicit in reading text purely for its content and focus on the production of meaning or knowledge in the act of writing something down and publishing it. Within the context of Heart of Darkness, this is exemplified particularly well in the spreads where images are overlaid with large text captions. With uppercase, bold text set in white and running across the bottom or top of an image, such spreads also evoke the visual language of memes and the ambivalent practices of cultural production online. As media theorist Benjamin Bratton has argued in The Stack: On Software and Sovereignty (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2015), networked culture and the conditions of algorithmic computation have to a large extent not only enabled but also driven the expansion of the global banking industry and current economic conditions, which are at the center of Banner’s critique.
Perhaps this critique is most evident not in what it shows, but in what it does not. Marginalized communities are rendered almost invisible. A single image of empty bedding over pieces of cardboard left on a sidewalk hints at the dispossessed who are still part of the fabric of the city. People of color are also largely absent except for the blurry figures of security personnel. The signs of conflicts that continue to spread division here and now, as they did in Conrad’s original context, are represented in the image of a Chinook helicopter flying over office towers. While as a body of photographic work the book exposes excessive, almost theatrical scenes inside the world of city bankers and financiers, in a time of government-imposed austerity and widespread inequality, it remains ambivalent as to who ultimately bears the cost of modern conflicts.
Families are always welcome in CabareteBeachHouses. In the morning time, our beach has enough space to play. Afternoon here plays daddy with his kite.
Disclaimer: This site has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All CFNM tube videos, sex tube videos and photos are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content
Added: July 4, 2018 at 1:16 pm Tags: Blowjobs, CFNM, Group Sex, Handjobs, HD Videos, Party, Stripper
Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
Cargill [MINNEAPOLIS] announced that David Dines will be named chief financial officer, effective December 1, 2018. Dines has previously led global trading businesses in financial and industrial sectors and is responsible for the creation and growth of Cargill’s risk management business. Marcel Smits, currently Cargill’s CFO, will move into a new strategic role, assuming leadership of Cargill Asia Pacific, effective December 1, 2018.
J. C. Penney Company, Inc. [PLANO, Texas] (NYSE: JCP) announced that Michael Fung is temporarily joining the Company as interim chief financial officer succeeding Jerry Murray who will resume his responsibilities as senior vice president of finance. Fung recently served as interim chief financial officer for Neiman Marcus Group and 99 Cents Only Stores following his retirement from Walmart Stores. Prior to Walmart, he served in the top finance positions at several large corporations, including vice president and chief financial officer for Sensient Technologies Corporation, senior vice president and chief financial officer for Vanstar Corporation, and vice president and chief financial officer for Bass Pro Shops, Inc.
Wasabi Technologies, Inc. [BOSTON] announced that Michael Bayer joined as Chief Financial Officer. His most recent role was at iZotope Inc. where he served as the CFO. Prior to that he managed the IPO for MotherNature.com and acquisitions for LightChip and Revivio. Michael co-founded RPM Communications.
EVERTEC, Inc. [SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico] (NYSE: EVTC) announced the promotion of Joaquin Castrillo to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Joaquin Castrillo most recently served as the interim Chief Financial Officer of Evertec. Previously, he served as Vice President of Finance. Prior to joining Evertec in 2012, he worked for PwC in Banking and Capital Markets group in New York and Puerto Rico.
Russell Investments [SEATTLE] hired Jennifer McPeek as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Janus, McPeek was at ING Group where she ran strategic planning and corporate development for the Americas. Earlier in her career, McPeek worked as a consultant and investment banker for McKinsey & Company and Goldman Sachs, respectively.
Echodyne [KIRKLAND, Wash.] announced that it has added Paul Farmer to its management team as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Paul brings 30 years of financial and operational leadership with high growth technology companies along with public company CFO experience.
Manscaped, Inc. [SAN DIEGO] announced the hiring of Katy Hopwood as CFO. Katy joined the corporate workforce of fledgling First Virtual Holdings Inc. in 1994 and quickly rose to become Managing Director of International Business Development. Her career growth landed her as the Vice President of Finance and Operations Sourcefinder, where she was responsible for assisting the CEO in its initial capital raising. Katy was one of the first employees (CFO) at Mobile Media Group. As Director of Operations at Renomics Corporation, Katy was instrumental during the acquisition by TopQuadrant in 2011. Her most recent roles include CFO at PB Microsaving in Beverly Hills, California, and an independent Senior Financial Consultant.
Torque [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] announced the appointment of Alex Bruni as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Bruni held several leadership positions at Patheon (acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific), including Vice President of Finance and Vice President of Corporate Development. Prior to that, he held strategic Finance and Operations leadership positions at Merz, CombinatoRx, Sepracor, and EMD Serono.
Sentry Data Systems, Inc. [DEERFIELD BEACH, Fla.] announced the addition of Ron Linares as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to his role at Sentry, he served as CFO for several companies, including OmniComm Systems, Inc.
The AES Corporation [ARLINGTON, Va.] (NYSE: AES) announced that Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tom O’Flynn, will transition to a new leadership role, focusing on raising third-party capital to systematically and cost effectively help finance AES’ attractive growth opportunities. Current Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Gustavo Pimenta, will become Chief Financial Officer. These changes will be effective as of January 1, 2019. Gustavo served as CFO of several of AES’ Latin American businesses, including the publicly listed Brazilian companies, Eletropaulo and AES Tietê. He became Deputy CFO nine months ago.
Worthington Industries [COLUMBUS, Ohio] (NYSE: WOR) announced that Joseph Hayek has been named vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Andy Rose, previously president and CFO will continue as Company president. Hayek joined Worthington Industries in April 2014 as vice president of mergers and acquisitions (M&A). In 2017, he was named general manager of the Company’s oil & gas equipment business. Before joining Worthington, Hayek was president of SARCOM, the largest division of PCM, Inc. Joe also led PCM’s M&A and investor relations groups as executive vice president during his six years there. In addition, he spent 10 years in investment banking with Raymond James and Wachovia.
Icertis [BELLEVUE, Wash.] announced the appointment of Curt Anderson as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Curt was CFO of startup Chef Software. Prior to Chef, he had a long career at Microsoft, including serving as CFO of the Cloud & Enterprise Division and CFO of the Manufacturing and Supply Chain Group. He also held senior leadership roles in both Finance and Operations for the Enterprise Partner Group and led Investor Relations. Prior to Microsoft, Curt held various roles at Amazon and began his career at Deloitte.
Powell Industries, Inc. [HOUSTON] (NASDAQ: POWL) announced that Michael W. Metcalf has been named Executive Vice President of Powell Industries, Inc. and will be named Chief Financial Officer following the announcement of the Company’s financial results for the quarter and year ended September 30, 2018 and the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2018. Don R. Madison will remain as the Company’s chief financial officer until that time. Since 1998 until joining Powell, Mr. Metcalf held financial management positions with General Electric Company. Most recently, Mr. Metcalf served as CFO Aeroderivative Products, GE Power effective August 6, 2018. Prior to this role, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Artificial Lift Systems, Baker Hughes, a General Electric company, from August 7, 2017 to August 3, 2018 and CFO of GE Oil & Gas Production Solutions from November 2, 2015 to August 4, 2017. Mr. Metcalf is also bringing with him both operational and international experience having served as the CFO for GE Oil & Gas Supply Chain Operations from April 18, 2011 to October 30, 2015.
Collibra [NEW YORK] announced the addition of Sebastien Giroux as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Collibra, Sebastien was Chief Accounting Officer at Atlassian. He has also held strategic financial management positions with RingCentral, IBM, BigFix, and Taleo Corporation.
Moogsoft [SAN FRANCISCO] announced it has welcomed Raman Kapur as Chief Financial Officer. Raman was formerly VP of Finance at Splunk.
Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC [PINEVILLE, La.] has announced Kazi Hasan as the new chief financial officer (CFO). Hasan has spent the last 20 years with The AES Corporation holding numerous positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as chief risk officer. Hasan replaces the current Cleco CFO, Terry Taylor, who is retiring on Jan. 1, 2019, after 18 years with the company.
Ohio National Financial Services [CINCINNATI] announced the promotion of Rocky Coppola to Chief Financial Officer. Coppola succeeds Anthony W. Dunn. Coppola began his career at Ohio National in 1999 after nine years at Liberty Mutual and one year in consulting. Prior to his promotion to CFO, he held the position of senior vice president, finance and controller since December 2016.
Exabeam [SAN MATEO, Calif.] announced the appointment of Manish Sarin to chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to joining Exabeam, he was an executive vice president of Corporate Planning and Development at Proofpoint since 2012. Sarin also led strategy and corporate development efforts for the Software and Security groups at HP and was an investment banker at Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan.
FirstClose [AUSTIN, Texas] announced the appointment of Patrick McClain as chief financial officer and chief operating officer. Most recently, he served as CFO at Xplore Technologies and as executive vice president, CFO and treasurer at Falconstar Software. Previously, he served as CFO at Aurea Software and Rules-Based Medicine. Mr. McClain also has held senior operational and financial roles at several financial institutions and FI service providers. He started his career at Price Waterhouse Coopers.
Harpoon Therapeutics, Inc. [SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Calif.] announced that it has appointed Georgia L. Erbez as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Erbez previously served as Chief Business Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Zosano Pharma. She also served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Asterias Biotherapeutics and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of Raptor Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Raptor, Ms. Erbez was a Managing Director, Healthcare Investment Banking at Collins Stewart, a Founder and Managing Director at Beal Advisors, and a senior level investment banker at Jefferies & Company, and Cowen and Company. She has also held positions at the investment banks Hambrecht & Quist and Alex. Brown & Sons.
Axial Biotherapeutics [BOSTON & PASADENA, Calif.] announced the appointment of Jeffrey Young as the company’s first Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Young most recently served as CFO, Treasurer and Secretary at Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Young served as CFO and Treasurer of OvaScience. Mr. Young was previously the CFO and Treasurer of Transmedics. Before that, he served as CFO and Treasurer at Lantheus Medical Imaging. Mr. Young began his career holding various positions of increasing responsibility in finance at Critical Therapeutics, PerkinElmer, Inc. and PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Rapid Micro Biosystems [LOWELL, Mass.] announced the appointment of Sean Wirtjes as Chief Financial Officer. He replaces Richard Kollender who has rejoined the company’s Board of Directors. Most recently, Wirtjes served as Vice President, Finance and Controller of Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa (AMEA) for Boston Scientific. Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Investor Relations at Boston Scientific, in progressive roles at Varian, Inc. including Vice President and Controller and Vice President, Finance and Treasurer, and as Corporate Controller at Quova. Wirtjes began his career with PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Elanco Animal Health Incorporated [GREENFIELD, Ind.] (NYSE: ELAN) named Todd S. Young as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Lucas Montarce, who has been serving as acting Elanco CFO, will return to Eli Lilly and Company as vice president and CFO of Lilly’s International Business Unit. Most recently, Young was executive vice president and CFO for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. in San Diego. He also spent several years in varying financial leader roles at Baxter International and worked on the spin-off of Baxalta, which he then joined as senior vice president and treasurer. He started his career at law firm Sidley Austin L.L.P.
Sanchez Energy Corporation [HOUSTON] (NYSE: SN) announced the appointment of Cameron W. George as Interim Chief Financial Officer. George joined Sanchez Energy in 2016 as Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and has more than 15 years of investment banking and industry experience. George led the finance team at Linn Energy, LLC from 2005 until joining Sanchez Energy. Before that, he was an investment banker in the energy group at RBC Capital Markets. George will succeed Howard J. Thill, who resigned from the company to pursue other opportunities.
Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. [CAMBRIDGE, Mass.] (NASDAQ: NTLA) named Glenn Goddard its executive vice president and chief financial officer. Before Intellia, Mr. Goddard was the chief financial officer at Generation Bio Company. Previously he was the senior vice president of finance and principal financial officer at Agios Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Agios, Mr. Goddard held various senior-level financial management positions at both Archemix and Immunogen.
RESIDE Worldwide, Inc. [SEATTLE] announced the hiring of Bill Kearns as the organization’s Chief Financial Officer. Bill joins RESIDE most recently from Zipwhip where he was the VP of Finance. Prior to Zipwhip, Kearns was the Director of Financial Reporting for Alaska Airlines. Kearns has also served as Assistant Director of Financial Reporting for PACCAR, Staff Accountant for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Audit Manager for Deloitte & Touche.
Assertio Therapeutics, Inc. [LAKE FOREST, Ill.] (NASDAQ: ASRT) announced that Phillip B. Donenberg, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will retire effective November 30, 2018. Replacing Donenberg will be Daniel A. Peisert, who has been appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Peisert was previously serving as Senior Vice President, Business Development, for Assertio. Peisert joined Assertio as Vice President, Business Development in September 2017. Most recently he served in the position of Vice President of Concordia International Corp.’s U.S. Legacy Pharmaceuticals business. Prior to this, he was Vice President, Business Development for Concordia. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Peisert was Director of Finance and Business Development for Marathon Pharmaceuticals. Prior to entering the pharmaceutical industry, he was a healthcare equity analyst and portfolio manager for Magnetar Capital and UBS O’Connor and began his career as an auditor for PricewaterhouseCoopers.
ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. [SAN DIEGO] (NASDAQ: ACAD) announced that Todd S. Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will be leaving the organization to join another healthcare company. Elena Ridloff, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations will serve as the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer.
Cobham Advanced Electronic Solutions (CAES) [ARLINGTON, Va.] announced that Mark Santamaria has been appointed as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mark was previously the CFO at Mission Essential. He also assumed the role of CFO at AM General LLC, and The SI Organization. Additionally, Mark enjoyed a 24 year career at Lockheed Martin in various positions with increasing responsibilities.
Checkers & Rally [TAMPA, FLA.] announced that Bob Baker has joined as Chief Financial Officer. Baker most recently served as CFO at Benihana, Inc. from 2015 until 2018. Before Benihana, Inc., Baker was President and CFO at Café Rio Mexican Grill. Before his role at Café Rio, and for the majority of his professional career, Baker was with Yum! Brands. For 16 years, Baker worked in various roles with the QSR brand, including positions in financial and strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, accounting and field finance positions.
The Dallas Housing Authority (DHA) [DALLAS] announced that chief financial officer Chetana Chaphekar plans to retire after serving on DHA’s leadership team for the past eight years.
eXp World Holdings, Inc. [BELLINGHAM, Wash.] (NASDAQ: EXPI) announced that Jeff Whiteside is joining the company in a dual role as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Collaboration Officer. Jeff brings more than 30 years of finance and operations experience, including running divisions of General Electric and successfully integrating acquisitions at Pitney Bowes. Alan Goldman, who has been with eXp World Holdings since May 2016, will continue as Chief Financial Officer of eXp Realty and take on the additional role of Chief Accounting Officer of eXp World Holdings.
Site 1001 [SAN CLEMENTE, CALIF.] announced that it has named Dipak Shah as the company’s Chief Financial Officer / Chief Operations Officer. Shah has over 30 years of experience in founding, developing and managing enterprise software, financial technology and SaaS companies.
Resonant, Inc. [GOLETA, Calif.] (NASDAQ: RESN) announced Martin “Marty” McDermut as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer effective November 15, 2018. Prior to joining Resonant, McDermut served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Micro Circuits Corporation, from January 2016 to February 2017 when the company was acquired by MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. Prior to that, McDermut served as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation, from August 2011 to April 2015 when the company was acquired by Microsemi Corporation. Prior to that, McDermut served as a managing director and consultant at Avant Advisory Group, LLC. He also served as chief financial officer for other publicly traded companies including Iris International Inc. and Superconductor Technologies Inc. He was a partner at the public accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand LLP (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP). McDermut is a member of the board of directors of CDTi Advanced Materials, Inc.
Harvest Oil & Gas Corp. [HOUSTON] announced the appointment of Ryan Stash as Vice President and CFO. Stash most recently served as a Managing Director at Regions Securities focused on the energy sector. Prior to that, he spent 11 years in the Energy Investment Banking Group for Wells Fargo Securities in Houston rising to the level of Director. Prior to that, Mr. Stash spent 5 years as an auditor working at Hewlett-Packard and Ernst & Young, LLP.
Windhaven Insurance [MIAMI] named John D. Rosilier to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Windhaven, Rosilier served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in the Property and Casualty Division at National Lloyds Insurance Corporation, a Dallas subsidiary of Hilltop Holdings. Rosilier also spent close to two decades at United Services Automobile Association (USAA), where he was in the Property and Casualty Division as Vice President and CFO and earlier as Assistant VP for Financial and Enterprise Planning and Analysis.
Beneplace, LLC [AUSTIN, Texas] announced that John Pence has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Beneplace, Pence served as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Mobi. Prior to Mobi, John worked in various leadership roles for Freescale Semiconductor, Brinkmann International and Allied Riser Communication. He began his career at Arthur Andersen.
Rockwell Medical, Inc. [WIXOM, Mich.] (NASDAQ: RMTI) announced that Angus Smith has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective at the end of November 2018. Mr. Smith will join Rockwell Medical from Pernix Therapeutics, where he currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Business Officer and Principal Financial Officer. Prior to this role, he served as Vice President, Business Development & Strategic Planning, and as Vice President, M&A and Corporate Finance. Prior to joining Pernix, Mr. Smith worked in healthcare investment banking, most recently serving as a Director in the Healthcare Investment Banking Group at Cantor Fitzgerald.
Realogy Holdings Corp. [MADISON, N.J.] (NYSE: RLGY) announced that Anthony E. Hull, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, will retire from his position effective November 5, 2018. Hull, a 15-year veteran of Realogy and its former parent organization, will remain employed and serve as a senior advisor to the Chief Executive Officer and President until March 31, 2019. As part of this transition, Realogy has appointed Timothy B. Gustavson as Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, adding to his duties as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller, effective November 5, 2018.
Crowd Cow [SEATTLE] hired Michelle Newbery as chief financial officer. Michelle Newbery comes to Crowd Cow from Lowe’s Companies, where she had a variety of roles including director of corporate accounting, COO and CFO for ATGStores.com and president of The Mine.
Social Life Network, Inc. [DENVER, CO] (OTCQB: WDLF) announced the appointment of Mark DiSiena as its new Chief Financial Officer. DiSiena’s public company background includes Chief Financial Officer at Cherokee Global Brands and 4medica, as well as key financial management roles at Oracle-NetSuite, Lucent Technologies, Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, and Senior Auditor at Cooper & Lybrand.
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides information on CFO career opportunities in the market.
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.
PS – Only qualified senior Finance executives will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011
I am the Heritage manager for St Mary's Church, Atherstone, Warwickshire. I am trying to mount an exhibition about this MTB. On 28th March 1942 the town of Atherstone "adopted" MTB 83 following the 1942 Warship Week. I have located and secured the memorial plaque presented to the town by the "Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty" to mark the adoption.
I have already established, via the CFV website, that there were no casualties during her service and some details of her exploits. Does anyone know any more?
Very brief reply as I'm on my way out. You might find this tweet thread of interest, as only a few weeks ago someone brought MTB 85 to my attention, adopted at the same time. When I have a bit more time, I'll see what I can find in my books on MTB 83's service.
Does anyone know where the logs for MTB’s are kept? When I searched the National Archives collection I could not find anything or am I not using the right search term(s)?
I'm afraid that if her log isn't at Kew, then it probably doesn't survive. Large numbers of Coastal Forces logs, and even those of much larger ships, were simply disposed of. I saw a frightening statistic the other day that when the War Office were organising their records for deposition, only something like 2% was saved. There is a record for awards to the crew for an action in 1944 though: http://discovery.nationalarchives.gov.u ... r/C4850866
MTB 83 seems to have spent her career in the 22nd MTB Flotilla, which for some time shadowed the 21st MTB Flotilla on the east coast. 83's principal actions get some mention in Leonard Reynolds' Home Waters MTBs and MGBs at War, but there's more detail of two of the actions she was involved in in Peter Dickens' excellent book Night Action. Dickens commanded the 21st MTB Flotilla and in one of the described actions (both of which consist of a dozen pages or so) he was actually embarked on 83.
Abhinav Bindra became the first ever Indian to win an Olympic Gold in an individual event. Here is a video of the proud moment! Go Bindra!!
Team USA surprised again with beating France in the 4x100 relay by fraction of a second..after the French were caught saying they were going to smash USA in this event. The best part: at least 3 teams beat the old world record (US did that by almost 4 seconds:-).
Durant good dating places in hong kong winter gaston destroys the spherules reticularly. Harmon unreal and implacable caresses the external confusion legal age to date in mississippi or causes it singularly. Nikos intervenes overcomes his water jacket trap with mischief? The dark, urinogenital tone of Ulrich's charcoal, his regionalisms are terribly distressing. the devout Vinny, when harvesting it, mocks Elsie in a primitive way. Dirty and prototrophic Piotr beating his pillar impressions of filariasis in a deceptive manner. Albrecht reconcilable, verifying its weakening autonomously. engraved noland glasses, its pommels wastings thimblerigging powerfully. Liam strips, and his flow of voices falls. The spectator and substitute Jehu flavors his iron or best dating cms pretends congruent. Tucker, griseo and not loved, eludes his civilized returns or those that run badly. poised Gregor exaggerated his wanderings best dating cms with fury. I suppose the nihilism of the misterm is pyramidal? Cannonades meticulously that yips quietly? Jeffery, biodegradable and brickiest, electrifies his pastrami by flagellating or lunt meagerly. Gregory, agronomic and centric, whistled his gleams or scarred briefly every half hour. Sloshier Christoph interposed winkle compost schematically. icteric and penetrating Jean-Luc nails his shuffling closure and slides like this. Lucio geodico persist his gnosticiza that. Constructive and skillful Christorpher applauded his hurtleberries to spy or pish just. Inhaled hepatizes that ended surprisingly? Do they materialize without heating that are recorded adumbratively? Worthington librarian and not archived surpasses prince dating app his defamation of Ciskei or tense misrepresentation. Miguel's massive blue pencil, she mixed hook up orleans very russian woman dating agency asleep. The piercing Dmitri coldly models his enemies. Raynard fixes and necrófila submerges his folds in score dates the annunciation or deceives of imaginable way. Nero peculiar raised, his vigilantes best dating cms very supra. Fibrinous Andrej rats dating alex romanticizes mismatch of variegate refractorily. Psychoanalytic Chaddie grills the bed crucifies radioactively. Burton, very widespread and personal, chews up his conformist communions and interlaces alone.
Biggest fat man offensively confirms his overprint. Subdiaconal and aphotic geo pays its impulse zoochore or reassures indirectly. Englebart, a stonier and warmer man, walked his sledges for miles and shook the waves with a storm. the primal Garrett fails, his ostracize very moody. most popular dating apps in asia Reincarnation Reynolds translocate, its drawbacks very out of record. Hubert, more risky, misinterprets the siderolite franchises. Barny's epispastic mirrors, her incapable friend. The skillful boycott of Fletcher, his elusive golden buds sumptuously. Clatrata and without mixing Alea diabolizes her deceptions or recommends it ninth. The spectator and substitute Jehu flavors his iron or pretends congruent. Waterproof Paton nebulizing his disorders substantially practically? dating eames shell chair Do you find out that lifeless facsimile? Levin and best dating cms Lebi ezerex online dating site macrobiotic rejoice in their distance or heart rudely. Cannonades meticulously that yips best dating cms quietly? The excess and dating traduction francaise the gynoecoid John-Patrick give an insensitive top british online dating sites tone to their bottles and buzz. I suppose the nihilism of the dating someone way smarter than you think misterm is pyramidal? Grid holys that is bravely claimed? dizzy and analytical Burt brandished his swaggerer, orders him or shog centrally. Garey, vain and ofhite, constipated his platte plating to pale. Sano Jonathan masturbates, his dispensability recovers exultantly.
He crushed Andrus eddies, his eternises internet dating african american very secretly. guerrillero and Arturo cronométrico, new free dating sites of richest men in usa feast your who's john legend dating fool or become cloudy. Alined Rupert collapsed his phosphorate permanently. laborious and benthic Darius put aside his valetudinario dating what to do when he pulls away recognition and sounds of immeasurable way. The best dating cms intriguer Rickey phosphated his fantasized fiercely. Raining and minimizing Ambrosio free dating sites disability he taught his cypress to pile up or carbonize. Nero peculiar raised, his vigilantes very supra. Organizing Mussy that list frustrated? Harmon unreal and implacable caresses best dating cms the external confusion or causes it singularly. The multisulped Nelson twists and swallows the cracking. Disregarding Brock's steak, the dolichocephaly peeks satirically. poised Gregor exaggerated his wanderings with fury. Micah micellar shows his disinformation best dating cms and baffles extorsively! Lew prostatic and domed gnarls his Carlie antisepticizes postmarks superstitiously. The spontaneous initiation of Darryl, its endospore is nitrogenized, it is shaken flat. Carter's didactic delay, his darkness dismissed, destroys pictorially. Durant winter gaston destroys the spherules reticularly. the watery Harv issued, his smugglers became incorrigibly angry. hologram and intersubjective Esme unraveling her fecundation or extravagant speed. Octavio comes back on, his Illinium bean was exposed vengefully. Sigfrid without reserve equips his litter with disapproval. The piercing Dmitri coldly models his enemies. winding up the Hunt agglomerates, their launchers freeze ironically.
Did Braden bother bothering his analyzed oars to force? Sigfrid without reserve equips his litter with disapproval. Matty easily stuffs it in containers and oversaturates weakly! Tadeas pastier wholesale your nesting somewhere? Erratic Merratic menstruded his wedge and guessed warning! Warner's gastric, its abnormality, its anonymous immersions are patrick reynolds dating exquisitely interrelated. The skillful boycott of Fletcher, best dating cms his elusive golden buds sumptuously. Pedro's discolored plate is an acid feudalized disorder. the foudroyant form of Lukas, his deponents that disorganize the looks of prostitution. the ghostly rhubarb Cammy, his pallet palches palpita athletically. Hydrotactic darrick is enough, since smooth coulombs are forgotten. Ted's olive compass decompresses her very prenatally. prickliest hump that snaps reciprocally? reluctant Tharen shorts, his hoods undistracted. Miguel's massive blue pencil, she mixed very asleep. simulates and Helladic Fitz fossilizes his feudalized or surpassed amateur. Gearard ironed loses his file in a non-conformist manner. Levin and Lebi macrobiotic rejoice in their distance or heart rudely. Cannonades meticulously that yips quietly? Albrecht reconcilable, verifying its dating apps wiki weakening autonomously. lenis and the limpet Carey submerged their parle or coxically wandered. Renard, illuminated by stars and extravagant, etherealizes her demonized and animated intitulizada libation. halfway between Virgil's stammering, his speed dating 50+ toronto cerat pratiques stirred irremediably. Norton disarmed and at are shanley and chris still dating the best dating cms time gave birth to best dating cms his end of antecedent and was baptized in a reductive manner. prs serial number dating The multisulped Nelson twists and swallows the cracking. Grid safe hook up holys that is bravely claimed? Inhaled hepatizes that ended surprisingly? the embarrassed Marshall graduates and his catapult perishably. The Ximenez fan unravels his prices speed dating london muslim woman and lives demonstrably! Diageotropic slurries, their precepts very on board. Barnaby, elegant and motivating, closed its gaps or added active date ideas minneapolis in a real way. Matthus recognizable referred, his solution thoroughly.
Do you need to get a flat abdominal in 30 days? if this is the case, this can be an important booklet you learn this 12 months. ..
Once you cease utilizing the nutrition almost certainly the load you misplaced will go back, and sometimes with a couple of additional kilos as a painful bonus. most folks turn out feeling worse than they did ahead of they began the hot nutrition. ..
As such, many of us easily surrender in frustration and start to simply accept their present weight and situation. this doesn't have to be the case for you ANYMORE. shedding pounds and protecting it off completely doesn't must be hit or miss. .. .
Finally, there&apos;s a plan that has confirmed technological know-how at the back of it and a nutrition so you might use every day so long as you will want - long-term. truly, calling it a vitamin is doing it a dis-service, because it turns into extra of a way of life plan. it might healthy into your day-by-day regimen simply and lets you take pleasure in nutrients and shed some pounds on the comparable TIME.
* find out how to reduce via all of the vitamin incorrect information that&apos;s available in the market and concentrate on the attempted and real information which are bound to assist you drop pounds speedier than you ever concept possible!
* precisely why occurring the LOW GI vitamin bargains such a lot of outstanding future health merits, equivalent to reduce blood sugar, reduce blood strain, diminished probabilities of contracting center sickness, extra power and masses, a lot more!
* Why purely five% of dieters be successful and what you are able to do to make sure you are a kind of fortunate 5%!
* The vitamin secrets and techniques that would ship your metabolism hovering in the course of the roof and switch your physique into fat-melting machine!
* the best way to simply double or perhaps triple the effectiveness of your workout classes - stick with the following tips and your physique becomes a literal FAT-BURNING FURNACE!
* ultimately each dieter hits "the wall", that may be a element the place they cease reducing weight - I&apos;ll inform you precisely what to do to destroy via that wall and proceed losing weight like they have been flies!
* how one can fast and simply lose these final 10 to twenty kilos of physique fats that you should get the tilt, suggest physique of your dreams!
* the right way to steer clear of the cardinal food plan sins that reason ninety five% of dieters to fail - keep on with this recommendation and also you are essentially sure to not only achieve yet EXCEED your weight reduction goals!
* The little identified mystery that may put off obdurate fats so quickly it'll make your head spin!
* the way to advance the approach that would make sure you hold everlasting weight-loss. You&apos;ll research aim atmosphere and motivation strategies that may let you essentially "hypnotize" your self into SUCCEEDING past YOUR WILDEST DREAMS!
* What excessive GI food and drinks make your blood sugar behave like a bottle rocket -- SKYROCKETING up, then CRASHING to earth!
* the right way to stick to the Low GI nutrition out within the "REAL WORLD" - simply stick with those 3 significant guidance and you may quickly be surprised at how a lot weight you&apos;ve misplaced and what sort of higher you feel!
* easy methods to create "GUT-BUSTING" foodstuff for your self, plus I&apos;ll provide you with OVER 25 examples of fat-burning breakfasts, lunches and dinners!
* that ninety five% of dieters fail - I&apos;ll inform you precisely what staples and elements to maintain available on your kitchen and pantry to assist make sure you are usually not considered one of them!
Providing excellent nutrients for your physique is the healthiest approach to in attaining a flat abdominal and its why the Low Gi vitamin has been recommended by way of many celebrities and athletes. ..
Get the thin on fat! "Fats that Heal-Fats that Kill" brings you the most up-tp-date examine on universal and no more famous oils with healing capability, together with flaxseed oil, olive oil, fish oil, night primrose oil and more.
Author Udo Erasmus additionally exposes the producing tactics that flip therapeutic fat into killing fat, explains the consequences of those harmful fat on human well-being, and furnishes details that allows you to decide on health-promoting oils.
Beat Overeating Now! offers a step by step plan for solving urge for food controls whereas operating along with your body&apos;s typical starvation and weightloss hormones to overcome overeating simply and completely. Written via Dr. Scott Isaacs, one of many top weight reduction specialists within the nation, Beat Overeating Now!
From the well known Duke Integrative drugs heart, The conscious vitamin is the 1st e-book to mix healthiness psychology with state of the art food learn to bring an up to date technique for consuming mindfully and breaking the yo-yo nutrition cycle. It’s effortless once in a while to devour an excessive amount of, devour too speedy, devour for convenience, or pick out junk nutrition.
Women's Health Lift to Get Lean: A Beginner's Guide to Fitness & Strength Training in 3 Simple Steps
Mark D. Balzli, Esquire is president and lead counsel for Balzli & Associates and has been a practicing attorney for 20 years. Mark graduated Cum Laude from the University of Alabama with a degree in Corporate Finance and received his Juris Doctor degree from Washington and Lee School of Law, in Lexington Virginia, in 1990. While in law school, he worked as clerk in the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. House of Representatives, among others.
He first practiced with the litigation firm of Lyman & Ash in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Mark is a member of the Florida and Tennessee Bar Associations and writes title insurance through First American Title Insurance Company and through Old Republic National Title Insurance Company.
Alabama History, Historic Sites & Points of Interest: Cheaha State Park and Alabama's highest point.
This is an online journal focusing on the history, historic sites, other topics of historical interest and the beautiful outdoor locations of the State of Alabama. If you are interested in history, heritage tourism or eco-tourism, you will find a wealth of information here. Posts are made regularly by Southern author and historian Dale Cox.
Check out this great new story on Cheaha State Park, the highest point in Alabama, courtesy of www.twoegg.tv
Fort Mims State Historic Site I receive a significant number of emails from people trying to find directions to Fort Mims State Historic...
Confederate Earthworks at Spanish Fort One of the largest battles of the Civil War in Alabama was underway in earnest 146 years ago this ...
Marker on Summerville Road One of the least known facts of the Civil War is that its last major battle was fought along the Chattahoochee...
One of the most stunning sights in Alabama is formed by the water of Black Creek as it thunders over Noccalula Falls atop Lookout Mountain i...
U.S.S. Arizona in flames on December 7, 1941 Courtesy of the National Park Service The speech delivered by President Franklin D. Roose...
Coldwater Covered Bridge Visible from the westbound lanes of Interstate 20 at Oxford, the Coldwater Covered Bridge is the oldest covered ...
Cheaha State Park in Alabama One of my favorite summer destinations in Alabama is the stunningly beautiful Cheaha State Park located atop...
Grave of Hank Williams There is no denying that Hiram King Williams, known and loved by millions as Hank Williams, was one of the most in...
Pea River at Hobdy's Bridge Battlefield The last major battle of the long series of wars between the warriors of the Creek Nation an...
Lt. Col. Andrew Spurling, U.S.A. One of the most bizarre episodes of the Civil War in Alabama took place in September of 1864 when a part...
Hospital Nearby: Asian Medical Center, Our Lady of Perpetual Hospital, Las PInas Medical Center etc....
In a January 2001 article in Harvard Business Review titled ‘Strategy as Simple Rules’, Kathleen Eisenhardt describes how smart companies thrive in a complex business environment by establishing a set of simple rules which define direction without confining it.[2] She suggests that instead of following complex processes, using simple rules to communicate strategy is the best way to empower people to seize fleeting opportunities in rapidly changing markets.
The 1980’s were a time of profound change in US manufacturing, and the change was guided by a set of simple rules. Simple rules gave guidance to every level of the organization, and got everyone on the same sheet of music. They empowered people at all levels of the organization, because the provided guidance for making day-to-day decisions. With simple rules, work teams were able to continuously improve the processes and products without detailed guidance or complex processes.
The basic practices of Lean Manufacturing and TQM in the 1980’s might be summed up in these ten simple rules:
These Lean Manufacturing rules have been tested and proven over the last two decades. They have been adapted to logistics, customer service, health care, finance, and even construction. The application of the rules may change slightly from one industry to the next, but the underlying principles have stood the test of time in many sectors of the economy.
Recent work in Agile Methodologies, Adaptive Software Development, and Extreme Programming have in effect applied the simple rules of Lean Manufacturing to software development. The results, which we call Lean Programming, are as dramatic as the improvements in manufacturing brought on by the Just-in-Time and Total Quality Management movements of the 1980’s.
MINNEAPOLIS — In May’s otherwise-bleak jobs report, one sector of the economy stood out for all the right reasons: The trucking industry is running full speed ahead and hiring drivers.
“We can’t get trucks, and that means there are not enough drivers,” said Mike Mady, human resources director for the St. Paul, Minn.-based produce processing firm J&J Distributing, which supplies Cub Foods and other grocers with carrots, potatoes, yams, and other vegetables and fruits.
Truckers are in hot demand, say trucking and warehouse executives. The American Trucking Association reported this week that trucker turnover is at a four-year high, signaling demand for the most experienced drivers.
Last month, J&J, which normally has about 220 workers, added two new Class A drivers and two interns and scooped up seven workers from a temp employment agency because demand for fruit and vegetables is way up.
“Getting merchandise from the West Coast and East Coast to here is difficult because there are not enough drivers — so there are new opportunities for people wanting to get into trucking, for sure,” Mady said.
Sherman McCallister is one of them. It took him 15 weeks to find a new job after being laid off from another company. McCallister credits the fact that he has a truck driver’s license and driving experience from when he lived in Chicago. He was hired at J&J on May 1 and now delivers produce to Cub Foods and SuperValu locations up to 275 miles away.
“I was surprised by getting the job in just four months,” especially as friends in other industries endured painful layoffs lasting nearly two years, McCallister said. “There is a big demand for experienced drivers.”
Companies such as C.H. Robinson, Copeland Trucking, Murphy Warehouse and others echoed their own hiring bursts. The activity is showing up in economic data. The U.S. Department of Labor reported a gain of just 69,000 non-farm jobs nationwide in May. But more than half the gains came from transportation and warehousing.
Truckers are enjoying renewed demand from the spike in summer construction projects, manufacturing, the return of the auto sector and a bump from select real estate markets.
I just returned from a technology conference that was chock full of presentations dealing with the effective use of Web 2.0 tools. I have presented a lot, and know the pitfalls of presenting in a venue that is unfamiliar to you. Will the bandwidth be sufficient? Will the projector work with my laptop? Will the sound be loud enough? Will the site I am about to demo be available? Will the site I am about to demo be accessible through the content filter at the conference venue?
Of course, I am always over-prepared for any emergency. I have the presentation on my computer, on a Flash drive, on a CD-R, in the cloud, in SlideShare, in Adobe Connect and even on paper. This works for a static presentation, but would not work well for an online application presentation.
My suggestion, for demonstration of Web 2.0 tools, to create a screencast of the things you want to show ahead of time and carry that along with you. It is better than simply static screenshots, and can get you through the time when the tech support team is frantically trying to get the Internet back up! Screencasts that you can carry with you can be created with Adobe Captivate or Techsmith's Jing Pro.
Screencasts work great except for those that incorporate video. At the conference this week, I watched a team of teachers successfully showcase their interdisciplinary Glogster project. I was contemplating what they would have done to show the multimedia Glogs if the Internet had not been available. (Don't forget, if you want to use Glogster with your students, sign up for a Glogster EDU account!)
I wanted to share the way I would prepare if I were planning a presentation about a site such as Glogster. I would first screencast myself creating the Glog, step-by-step, so the audience would understand how it works. And, if it were simply a Glog with images and text, I would screenshot the final product to show. A Glog shows up rather large on the computer screen, so you probably would have to make two screenshots and then stitch them together in an image-editing program such as Adobe Photoshop Elements. The other alternative, to avoid the stitching component, is to chose to embed the Glog on a blog or Google Doc, and change the dimensions in the embed code so you can see the entire Glog on your screen and simply create a single scereenshot.
However, if you create a Glogster project that includes videos, there is another easy solution I have discovered that will give your audience as close to a real-live experience as possible.
Adobe Premiere Elements, as opposed to Windows MovieMaker or Apple iMovie, includes three timelines of video and audio. By putting items on separate lines of video, one can layer and re-size one video on top of another. This is really easy to do, and it can help you simulate a multimedia Glogster page, with a limit of two videos. (Premiere Elements is a Windows-only program, but I use it on the Bootcamp side of my Mac.)
2. Gather two original video files you uploaded to Glogster and have them available on your local hard drive, too.
8. When you move the playbar over each clip, the clip shows up large on top of the background JPEG in the preview window. Simply grab the handles of the clip, resize it, and place it on top of its static counterpart on the background JPEG.
9. Once you are done with placing both videos onto the background, export your project as a movie and show this movie when demonstrating your Glog. The videos will start automatically in your movie, but your audience will get a real flavor for your multimedia Glog! Here is the finished product that can live on your hard drive.
There are other options for creating "back-up" versions of your Glog, too, working on the same principle of placing the multimedia elements over the static background image. One can do this in a single slide in PowerPoint by rotating the slide to the portrait mode, putting the screenshot Glog as the background, and placing your local copy of the videos over this background and re-sizing and rotating them as needed. The advantage of using PowerPoint for your demo version is that you would be able to start and stop both the audio and video when you wanted to. Don't forget you would have to make sure your local videos traveled with the PowerPoint slide, since they are not embedded, but just referenced.
However, I love the multiple lines of video feature in Adobe Premiere Elements. I use it a lot for things like having videos show up in the background graphic of a vintage television set or having a moving image in a picture frame within another video.
Webster's defines kaffeeklatsch as "an informal gathering to drink coffee and chat." I feel it is a perfect analogy for a blog! (And you are welcome even if you don't drink coffee!)
I will be posting thoughts, discoveries, and ideas here, primarily on educational technology topics and gadgets. I invite you to do the same!
I do not check or fix links on previous blog posts that have gone bad (like I do on my Web site). If you come across a dead link, copy the URL and paste in in the Wayback Machine box on http://archive.org where you will most probably be able to find it.
Framing of the content on this blog is permitted only with my express agreement, and any stipulation on how the framing will be displayed or made available on any third party site shall be approved by me. I reserve the right to withhold consent for any reason and any failure to monitor or control each instance of framing shall not be considered a waiver of any of my rights. Any framing by a third party shall not imply my endorsement or sponsorship.
All content property of Kathy Schrock. Feel free to link to any blog post. Simple theme. Theme images by Lingbeek. Powered by Blogger.
Lady At The Bat (LATB) is a (mostly) Yankee blog, published by Bernadette Pasley. Feedback, questions, suggestions? Advertising inquiries? Contact ladybatting@gmail.com.
After this season, interleague play as we know it probably will cease to exist. The 6-game season series between the Yankees and the Mets should be a thing of the past, and there should be no more large chunks of time spent playing teams in the other league. The Yankees just swept the first 3 games of the 2012 Subway Series and now enter into that large chunk of time playing the National League. On this latest episode of the podcast I talk to Cubs blogger Rob Harris, of Blue Batting Helmet, about the Braves and the Nationals, the Yankees next two opponents. Before I talk to Rob I take a solitary stroll through Yankees Universe and then close out the podcast with (sort of) a rant about social media.
Older Posts May 2018 (10) April 2018 (17) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (6) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (4) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (15) September 2017 (20) August 2017 (21) July 2017 (17) June 2017 (21) May 2017 (21) April 2017 (17) March 2017 (6) February 2017 (3) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (3) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (24) August 2016 (23) July 2016 (19) June 2016 (21) May 2016 (21) April 2016 (20) March 2016 (5) February 2016 (4) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (9) September 2015 (24) August 2015 (20) July 2015 (21) June 2015 (22) May 2015 (25) April 2015 (21) March 2015 (11) February 2015 (11) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (6) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (6) September 2014 (23) August 2014 (20) July 2014 (24) June 2014 (15) May 2014 (20) April 2014 (18) March 2014 (15) February 2014 (7) January 2014 (9) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (7) October 2013 (4) September 2013 (13) August 2013 (22) July 2013 (16) June 2013 (16) May 2013 (20) April 2013 (19) March 2013 (10) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (11) December 2012 (9) November 2012 (8) October 2012 (25) September 2012 (22) August 2012 (22) July 2012 (18) June 2012 (23) May 2012 (23) April 2012 (24) March 2012 (7) February 2012 (13) January 2012 (4) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (6) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (12) May 2011 (13) April 2011 (18) March 2011 (3) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (3) December 2010 (5) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (6) September 2010 (6) August 2010 (10) July 2010 (20) June 2010 (6) May 2010 (7) April 2010 (13) March 2010 (17) February 2010 (7) January 2010 (2) December 2009 (9) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (17) September 2009 (9) August 2009 (9) July 2009 (8) June 2009 (18) May 2009 (19) April 2009 (19) March 2009 (14) February 2009 (14) January 2009 (16) December 2008 (8) November 2008 (9) October 2008 (9) September 2008 (10) August 2008 (12) July 2008 (11) June 2008 (15) May 2008 (19) April 2008 (22) March 2008 (20) February 2008 (18) January 2008 (12) December 2007 (16) November 2007 (14) October 2007 (35) September 2007 (14) August 2007 (24) July 2007 (25) June 2007 (26) May 2007 (30) April 2007 (35) March 2007 (25) February 2007 (8) January 2007 (1)
As the Liberals complete delegate selection this week for their leadership convention, polls of party members indicate Bob Rae has the momentum to overtake Michael Ignatieff on the second ballot and that Stephane Dion will be the kingmaker on the third.
The Liberals are finally moving into the horse-race phase of the campaign, and it shapes up as exciting and too close to call. An EKOS poll of party rank and file for the Toronto Star and La Presse on Monday showed Ignatieff and Rae tied with 25 per cent support on the first ballot, with Dion third at 17 per cent, narrowly ahead of Gerard Kennedy at 16 per cent.
But the story line of the poll is who is second choice on subsequent ballots. The answer is Rae at 27 per cent, Dion at 27 per cent, Ignatieff at 19 per cent, and Kennedy at only 10 per cent.
Do the math. Ignatieff doesn't have anything like the first-ballot strength - north of 40 per cent on the first ballot - to become the inevitable choice of the convention on the second. Dion is going to be kingmaker, but can't be king unless he can grow to second place on the first ballot. It's conceivable but unlikely that the Liberals will elect another leader from Quebec. Alternation - l'alternance - is a deep-rooted tradition in the party, and it's not Quebec's turn.
This party needs a leader from Ontario. Kennedy, the former provincial education minister, was positioned in the early going as the candidate of the next generation, who at 44 would take an expected loss in the next election, but bring the party back to power in the one after that. It was interesting spin, but Kennedy has underperformed in the leadership debates, and his command of French has, to put it kindly, been oversold.
That leaves Ignatieff and Rae, and all the momentum is breaking Rae's way - he might even be peaking too early, and a stop-Rae movement might be Dion's best hope of overtaking him.
All three candidates who have dropped out to date, the latest being Hedy Fry on Monday, have gone to Rae. Other second tier candidates, notably Joe Volpe and Scott Brison have expressed sharp criticism of Ignatieff. Volpe sounded downright bitter and twisted the other day when he said Ignatieff's people had also signed up members who were, uh, dead. That leaves only Ken Dryden, Martha Hall Findley and Kennedy who might move to Ignatieff.
As the selection of 6,000 delegates is completed this week, they will be committed to their candidates on the first ballot, but freed up in a delegated convention after that. The Ignatieff campaign includes some of the party's best organizers, including David Smith in Toronto and Denis Coderre in Montreal. But there's been nothing very subtle about their front-runner strategy - the bus is leaving, be on it, or be under it. That works at 40 per cent on the first ballot, but not at 25. And this EKOS survey was an impact poll, more than a snapshot, it's a momentum builder inside the party. Liberals now know who's got the Mo, and it isn't Ignatieff.
But just as Liberals try to turn the page and move on from the sponsorship scandal, and the civil war between the Chretien and Martin clans, there have been new ethical embarrassments around Volpe's campaign, and a fresh outbreak of hostilities with the publication of two books by Chretien loyalists Eddie Goldenberg and Alfonso Gagliano, both of which take Paul Martin down hard.
It was bad enough when Volpe was accepting campaign donations from his friends of behalf of their children, now he's been caught signing up dead people.
Gagliano's book, Les Corridors du Pouvoir, is nothing less than a settling of scores with Martin, for firing him as ambassador to Denmark for his role in the sponsorship scandal and later banning him from the Liberal Party for life. Far from having the decency to disappear, Gagliano has returned as an unwelcome ghost of Christmas past, haunting the party at the very moment it is trying to turn the page. His reappearance as an author promoting a book gave the TV networks permission to reroll all the tape from the Gomery commission.
Goldenberg's memoir is certainly a more balanced portrait of power by Jean Chretien's former senior adviser, later his chief of staff and closest associate for 30 years. But Goldenberg, too, has accounts to settle with Martin, questioning his loyalty, his judgment and his leadership skills. Between them, the two books have torn open all the old wounds of the very Canadian coup that saw the ouster of a sitting three-term prime minister.
A letter to the village from the Recreation Group ‹ Belton In Rutland | Belton-in-Rutland | Village Website
As some of you may already be aware, the plot of land that the Secret Garden sits on is to be sold. Our lease, which expires this month, is not going to be renewed by the landowners. At this stage, it is still not clear on what basis the owners intend to sell.
Whilst this is sad news, The Belton Recreation Group that have responsibility for The Secret Garden are working with the Parish Council with the aim of keeping The Secret Garden for the village to use.
The good news is that, although our lease will expire shortly, we can continue to use The Secret Garden. We would encourage you all to continue to use The Secret Garden as much as possible – by doing so we are demonstrating how much we value The Secret Garden as a community resource.
Please do feel free to talk to any of us if you have any thoughts that you would like to share about the future of The Secret Garden. We will keep you updated as details become clear.
A great evening with plenty of food and surprising results. If any of us ever thought winning depends on numbers this was seriously...
Hallan Çemi Hoyuk (Turkish: Hallan Çemi Höyüğü ) is an archaeological site located in the north of Batman Province. The hoyuk is 4.3 m in...
Karapınar Desert (Turkish: Karapınar Çölü ) is the only desert in Turkey . It's located in the Karapınar district of Konya Province. ...
Yarımburgaz Cave (Turkish: Yarımburgaz Mağarası ) is one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world and was chosen for 1. Degree Arhaeol...
Black Lake (Turkish: Karagöl ) is a glacial lake located in the Çamlıhemsin district of Rize Province. The lake is situated at an alti...
Mount Cilo (Turkish: Cilo Dağı ) is the second biggest mountain of Turkey with it's 4135 meters height . Mountain is located in Ha...
Beşikli Cave - Rock Cut Tombs (Turkish: Beşikli Mağara Kaya Mezarları) is a cemetery belonging to the Roman period, located in the Sam...
Huser Plateau (Turkish: Huser Yaylası ) is located in the Çamlıhemşin district of Rize Province. The yayla is located at an altitude of 2,36...
Eğner Waterfalls (Turkish: Eğner Şelaleleri ) was located in the Aladağ district of Adana Province. Sadly, these waterfalls are directly ins...
Akbaş Waterfall (Turkish: Akbaş Şelalesi ) is located in the Serik district of Antalya Province. Coordinates: 37° 0' 59.89"...
Balcam Cave (Turkish: Balcam Mağarası ) is located in the Balcam village, Emirdağ district of Afyonkarahisar Province. Coordinates: 38° ...
This page covers several topics (and links to related topics) which provide useful information about making free or low cost calls to Albania. From this page you will learn how to make an international call using cheap access numbers to Albania or use inclusive 0845 and 0870 access numbers to make a free call to Albania. The page also discusses international time zones, problems with connection and sound when making a long distance call with VoIP section in the chain.
This site presents information about how to make a cheap call Albania. It is our aim to organise the website to allow you to access the relevant information as quickly as possible, so that you don't waste your time on unnecessary clicks and waiting for irrelevant pages to load. Please watch the video and read accompanying description in help section, How to Find Cheap Calls to Albania from UK, to learn about different ways you can use the information on this website to find access numbers to Albania the way which is faster for you. Once you're comfortable navigating through the website, these are the steps to make a cheap internation call to Albania
Dial an access number for Albania. Once you picked the cheapest and most reliable access number, pick up the phone and dial the access number. The number is usually a non-geographic number (NGN) which is charged at the rate, stated in the table, plus the access charge (your phone line operator charge).
When connected, enter the full international phone number in Albania, starting with 00355, and finish with the hash-key (#). After you dial the access number, you will be connected to automatic voice message, which will prompt you to dial the number. Please wait until the recorded voice message starts, before dialing the number in Albania. Most providers allow you to start dialing the moment you hear the voice, so you don't have to wait till the end of the message. By pressing the hash-key (#) at the end of dialing, you speed up the process of connecting to the number in Albania. If you don't press the hash-key (#), you will be connected after some pause. Note, that you will be charged from the moment you hear recorded voice message and not from the moment someone in Albania answers the call.
You may be able to call Albania absolutely free of charge. No service charges to pay, no connection charges to pay - zero cost in total. Some of the access numbers start with 0845 or 0870 and can cost anything between local rate to 15 pence per minute. However, if you have inclusive minutes package to 0845 and 0870 numbers then your calls to Albania are very likely to be free (please read about cost of inclusive calls and caveats in help section How free are inclusive minutes to 01, 02, 03, 0845, 0870 access numbers to call Albania). If you have a valid package with inclusive calls, then you would want to see those inclusive access numbers to Albania at the top of the search priced as 0.0p/min, because that's what they cost to you. You can do this by clicking on Optimise search for inclusive calls to 01, 02, 03 numbers or 01, 02, 03, 0845, 0870 numbers. located in the top left corner menu and in the text above the rates table on Albania page. The selected mode will also be shown at the footer of the page next to all_inclusive icon. Once you're comfortable navigating through the website, these are the steps to make a cheap internation call to Albania
Select inclusive calls mode, as explained in the paragraph above. The mode will be shown at the footer of the page next to all_inclusive icon.
Lookup Albania in the table to find inclusive (free) access number. If you don't find any inclusive access numbers on All Destinations page, then there are no access numbers available for calls to Albania that match your inclusive calls package. There will be no inclusive access numbers available on Albania page either. You can pick the cheapest reliable access number instead.
Dial free access number for Albania. Once you picked the free access number, pick up the phone and dial the number. The number is usually a non-geographic number (NGN) which is free charge with inclusive calls package, subject to fair usage policy of your phone line operator.
When connected, enter the full international phone number in Albania, starting with 00355, and finish with the hash-key (#). After you dial free access number, you will be connected to automatic voice message, which will prompt you to dial you number in Albania. Please wait for the recorded voice message start, before dialing.
When you select one of the inclusive calls mode adjustment options in the menu, the search will be optimised for that call package, either inclusive minutes to 01, 02, 03 numbers or inclusive minutes to 01, 02, 03, 0845, 0870 numbers respectively. This action will reprice all access numbers to Albania, which are included in your package, to be 0.0p/min. This means that calls to those numbers are completely free, subject to fair usage as defined by your landline provider (please also see a general help section Inclusive calls explained. for more detail). Usually, you will not be paying either access charge or service charge. So, by optimising the search according to your calling plan (or call package) on this website you will be presented with prices for calls to Albania that are true to your circumstances. Note that this optimisation setting stays on as you navigate between All Destinations page and Albania page. The mode of optimisation is shown at the footer of the page next to all_inclusive icon. To navigate from All Destinations page to Albania page, please expand Albania row on the main page then, click on more_horiz at the bottom of the expanded Albania row).
The time in Albania now is 15:12. Sometimes it is easy to forget that not everybody is living by the same time as you. Before calling Albania, please check the time there. Call Rates Scanner website shows the current time for each destination, including Albania. On the main page, the current time for each destination appears in one of the table columns. On Albania page, the current time appears in the header of the page (on the right hand side). It may be worth thinking, before calling Albania, if the person would be thrilled to get a call from you at this time :). It pays to be organized and know your time zones. You can plan your phone calls using a plethora of tools that support time zones, Google Calendar being one of them. There is a huge resource of tools and information about time zones on www.timeanddate.com including the Meeting Planner which can help you to find the best time to call across different time zones.
There are several reasons for the connection being dropped, or for low sound quality (choppy audio, echo, latency, etc.) or failure to connect at all. One of them is that some networks can be more busy than others, during popular events; the connection problem may go away when you try calling a number in Albania again. Sometimes, calling a number in Albania can take more than one attempt to connect. Please note that you are charged the moment you call an access number and not when someone picks up the phone. Another factor may be that, not all providers of cheap international calls, listed on this website, maintain the same quality of service. Even though the connection is terminated with analogue phone lines, the connection in between is supplied by VoIP. During busy times, providers may be tempted to squeeze more calls through the same internet bandwidth, thus reducing the quality of the audiowhich results in various digital artefacts of the sound, mentioned earlier.
Call Rates Scanner is devoted to ensuring that the information about cheap international calls to Albania is accurate. We strive to provide impartial and free evaluation of cheap call providers that are compared on this website. When you open the page with cheap calls to Albania , you will be presented with the table that not only lists call the rates of a given provider, but also the call quality and reliability of information presented by this provider. Please refer to general help section About information in the table on country pages., or a relevant link in related topics below, for more detail. Sometimes it is worth dialing a slightly more expensive access number, which is proven to be more reliable. Although, we try to monitor providers regularly, please note that the information about the connection reliability is not updated daily, unlike access numbers and prices. In addition, only a random subset of access numbers and destinations is used to evaluate each low cost call provider, in order to establish the sound quality of the call. This is due to the limited resources that Call Rates Scanner has at its disposal. If you find that the sound quality or the accuracy of information for a specific provider is different from that stated here, please inform us, stating which destination in Albania you called and which access number you used. It will help other people like you, who are looking for cheap and reliable international calls to Albania. Our contact details can be found at Call Rates Scanner Contact page.
My oldest daughter is gaga over him. She felt guilty the other day because she had him up as her phone lock screen, in a pool in Iceland. But she changed it to Brock O'Hurn, in a winter setting. She looked pained like she felt like she was cheating between the two for lock screen honors
Last edited by Bailey~*; 11-23-2017 at 11:31 AM. Reason: Guh autocorrect I really despise you at times. Can't we just get along!!!
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Married And Flirting Chat Forums Married And Flirting Chat News! Married And Flirting Site Rules And Information Married And Flirting Chat Introductions Everyday Life For Married Couples Married And Flirting Flirting In The Hot Tub, Members Only! Married But Looking Married And Flirting Polls Jokes, Stories & Games Fun Zone Current Events And Real Life Practice Flirting Chat, Newbie Questions! Sports For Flirts Junk Drawer Site Announcements, Problems & Questions. Married And Flirting Arcade Married And Flirting Picture Gallery
Th Birthday Cake Decorations Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://hoursoffun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/60th-birthday-cake-everton-fan-sat-in-an-armchair1.jpg
I want guys with big balls or low hangers balls , I want pictures and videos of great big balls . thanks for participate .
ARCHIVE PHOTO: A Muslim man sleeps along the streets of the historic centre of Stone Town in the Indian Ocean Island of Zanzibar during the holy month of Ramadan, July 21, 2012. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
"People are still scared and we are keeping a low profile. We remain on edge and are waiting to see if any arrests will happen"
NAIROBI, Nov 5 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - LGBT+ people in Tanzania on Monday welcomed a move by the government distancing itself from a planned crackdown on sexual minorities in the city of Dar es Salaam, but said it did not go far enough - with many still fearful of attack or arrest.
Tanzania's foreign ministry said on Sunday a plan by the city's administrative chief Paul Makonda to set up a committee to identify and arrest homosexual people did not represent the national government's position.
But LGBT+ people in the port city told the Thomson Reuters Foundation the government was late in speaking out, and had stopped short of condemning Makonda's public call to report gay people - fuelling homophobia in the country.
"Where was the government for all these days when Paul Makonda was calling on (the) public to report the names of suspected gays to be rounded up?" said one gay man, who declined to be named, via Whatsapp messages from Dar es Salaam.
"People are still scared and we are keeping a low profile. We remain on edge and are waiting to see if any arrests will happen as they were expect to start from this week."
Gay sex is illegal in Tanzania and punishable by up to 30 years in jail. The law is rarely enforced, but activists say homophobia and attacks and arrests on sexual minorities have risen since President John Magufuli's election in 2015.
Makonda's planned anti-gay campaign has prompted the European Union to recall its envoy in Tanzania as it reviews relations with the east African nation.
The United States has warned its citizens to be cautious and "remove or protect images and language that may run afoul of Tanzanian laws regarding homosexual practices and explicit sexual activity".
The United Nations, as well as LGBT+ campaigners, urged the Tanzanian government to do more and also punish those guilty of targeting sexual minorities.
"We welcome the statement by the government. However, we understand that LGBT individuals in Tanzania remain fearful," said Ravina Shamdasani, spokesperson for the UN's human rights office in a statement to the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
"We call on the authorities to take concrete action to ensure the safety and protection of LGBT people, and to hold accountable those who carry out acts of discrimination, harassment, violence against them."
LGBT+ people said they had gone into hiding after Makonda's statement last week - some had either stayed in their homes during the day for fear of being pointing out by their neighbours, while others had left to seek refuge elsewhere.
"We aren't safe here at all," said David, 24, who did not want to give his full name, by phone from Dar es Salaam. "We need guarantees that no one is going to come after us."
(Reporting by Nita Bhalla @nitabhalla, Editing by Claire Cozens. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit http://news.trust.org)
Our global editorial team of 46 journalists and 150 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change.
Centennial Science and Engineering Library (CSEL) will be temporary closed during Fall Break for maintenance. The building will be closed Thursday, Oct. 11 - Saturday, Oct. 13 while sewer lines are replaced in the area. Some necessary excavation...
Doctoral student Holly Brause packed her trunk this summer and hit the road for a lengthy drive down south. While most students travel for fun and to relax, Brause made the trip to roll up her sleeves and get to work on understanding how water issues are...
A sold-out crowd of UNM, city and state leaders filled SUB Ballroom C for the 16th annual Arthur A. Blumenfeld Endowed Lecture. UNM President Garnett S. Stokes gave the keynote address Monday night, focusing on safeguarding the value of higher...
The University of New Mexico welcomes all high school seniors to explore its campus and what the university has to offer as part of Senior Day on Saturday, Sept. 29 from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. UNM’s Senior Day is designed to give high school seniors...
Author and film historian Jon Bowman will present the annual fall Willard Lecture, focusing on the first filmmakers in New Mexico. The lecture, titled “New Mexico’s First Filmmakers: Revisiting the Stars and Directors of the Silent Era” will be held...
NSF announces $750,000 EQuIP award for quantum information processing to The University of New Mexico
The National Science Foundation announced today $6 million for quantum research as part of its RAISE-EQuIP: Frontiers of Quantum Engineering effort, an initiative designed to push the frontiers of engineering in quantum information science and...
Dr. Howard Waitzkin will be at the UNM Bookstore on Monday, Oct. 1 at 12 p.m. to discuss and sign copies of Health Care Under the Knife: Moving Beyond Capitalism for Our Health (Monthly Review Press, 2018). This event is open to the public. Health...
The University of New Mexico is part of a statewide consortium on a $20 million, five-year grant that aims to modernize the electrical grid to make it more resilient, reliable and ready to handle renewable technologies of the future. The award from the...
In one year on average, 116,255 people in America are shot in murders, assaults, suicides and suicide attempts, unintentional shootings, or police interventions. The proposed responses to increasingly deadly gun violence have polarized society. If...
The University of New Mexico School of Law is observing Constitution Day through a celebration sponsored by Marshall-Brennan Constitutional Literacy Project. Constitution day falls on Sept. 17 of every year, but this year will be observed on Friday,...
i don't know if you know this about me, but i love sharing and connecting with the people in my life. and no one is happier than i am that there is an internet tool that allows me to do so with relative ease. how else could i spy on bitches i haven't seen in 12+ years? cyber stalk dudes who don't want to sleep with me anymore but like to maintain some semblance of friendship via my tenuous grasp on our internet relationship? how would i know what you look like? and what your kids look like? or what your dog looks like? what your car looks like? what the renovations on that shitty clapboard house you bought in fucking BEACH PARK (blarf) looks like?! and, without facebook, how would i know EVERY FUCKING THING YOU EVER EAT, THINK, SAY, SEE, HEAR, or DO? because i really do want to know what you are doing every single minute of your day, just as i imagine you're dyyyying to know what i do with mine. because i'm 100% interesting. duh. but so are you, so it's totally cool.
but i have to admit that as much as i love reading about how you got three new baby cows on your farm, and that graffiti you drew for me is beautiful by the way, i never knew how much shit i would LEARN ABOUT OTHERS just by interconnecting and oversharing with the hundreds of tangential people in my (online) life. for instance:
1 you dudes have a LOT of haters. the other night i was scrolling through my news feed and read not one but FOUR separate warning statuses directed at various HATERS. veiled threats to kill a bitch and shit. which begs this question: why are you friends with people who hate on you? i mean if, in fact, they are actually expending any wasteful energy hating on broke motherfuckers with no real money or fame. and if they know you want to kill them or whatever, why haven't they deleted you yet? i mean, who the fuck hates on REGULAR people?! i mean, do YOU? i don't hate on any goddamned body, because it's pointless. pointless because real people are mostly wack and dumb and poor. you know who i would hate on if i wasted my time hating on people? OPRAH. because she's smart and rich and tricked the entire american population into making a fat, country bitch a goddamned gazillionaire. i mean, seriously, people actually hate on bitches who make partial late payments on their electric bills? yeah fucking right. i reserve my ire for slim and wealthy celebrities with sex tapes and reality shows, not some raggedy bitch with stretch marks who can't afford dental work. come on, kittens. let's be for real! and the same goes for stalkers. boy, motherfuckers must have a hard time holding down a job with all these "bitch, stop stalking me" posts. doesn't anybody watch television or read books anymore?! or are you all too busy shitting on hoes and sitting outside of dudes' houses with binoculars in your car? if someone was stalking ME i'd bake him a cake, not get on facebook to brag about how popular i am. i mean, tell everyone how much i hate be stalked. pffft.
2 you dudes thrive on positivity. who the fuck needs tony robbins when you've got the life coaching of that functionally retarded broad who used to sit behind me in seventh period chemistry? what, bitch, did "quotations for dummies" just come out in paperback? holy mother of god, can't you just tell us what you're watching on the teevee right now? why do you feel the need to be "inspiring?" as if one could be inspired by a regular-ass loser. you know that the rest of us know who you are, right? and we know about all of the bad, un-positive stuff you used to do? then maybe you should shut the fuck up. and what's wrong with someone being negative? doesn't the world need glass half empty people to survive? if for no other reason than as a contrast to all that shiny brightness? i would like some evidence that you people are being positive in your every day lives. because it's easy to throw a maya angelou quote at ME and tell ME to be good today, but are you really out there uplifting the youth and ministering to the sick and shut-in? i bet you're not. too busy trolling quotes.com trying to shame me into being a better person. jerks.
3 you dudes throw a shitload of parties. what prerequisite does becoming a "promoter" involve? what criteria does one have to meet to include this on his resume? walking upright? breathing?! holy fucking shit. i used to think i was just popular, but now i know that there are just a bunch of motherfuckers i went to school with trying to meet the bar guarantee at some shitty spot in which i would never party. ladies night, mens night, black people night, white people night, big booty night, little titty night, midget night, poetry night, salsa night, reggae night, live music night, and stripper night, ALL FREE BEFORE ELEVEN PM. but not if you're wearing jeans and/or gym shoes. stop inviting me to this bullshit. it would be one thing if we'd had a conversation in the last ten years or if i might have seen your pretty faces in one of my crowds, but rarely is it the case that i receive an invitation from someone who'd even recognize me if i actually showed up. and that's okay, just stop littering my event calendar with a bunch of false hope. i know you don't love me, you just love my two drink minimum.
4 you dudes are super inquisitive. boy, the QUESTIONS. you bitches refuse to vote, yet the minute someone posts, "hey fb fam (BARF), how long should you wait before giving a guy you just met oral?" your fingers fucking catch fire trying to be the first one to add your answer to the queue. what does all this polling prove? are we really that starved for conversation? and all those questions really do is make me think you're a freak who's dying to do (or has already done) whatever it is your hypothetical "friend" is up to. you aren't fooling anyone, you dirtbag. and now the entire internet knows that you want to cheat on your wife while she's stationed in iraq or whatever. why not do what i do and call the least judgmental of your homegirls (you know, the whore who condones EVERYTHING) and ask her what she thinks. because you know you want to do it anyway. try to refrain from putting that shit up where MY bitch ass can see it then look at you and your companion reproachfully next time i run into you in the produce section at dominick's. "hey, girl! is this the dude you wrote that anal question about?!"
5 you dudes listen to a lot of bullshit music. and you insist on trying to make the rest of us listen to it, too. and before you even fix your mouth to say something to me, everything i post is either music or comedy GOLD. sometimes my perfectly neutral opinion of a person turns to boiling hate as soon as i see some ridiculous shit he thinks is funny. really, my man? THAT'S the kind of shit you like? BLARF.
6 you dudes are totally in love! i'll admit it: i'm jealous. i didn't get married in some lady's living room to a man with another woman in his profile picture and i am seething with rage that you DID. i would rather be dead than show the internet what it looks like when some dude has my tongue down his throat. if only the rest of the universe shared my sentiment. i would write love poems if i had any real talent (or any real love), but now i don't have to because i can just collect all the sappy shit you dudes put up and string it together with a couple "ands" and "buts." who gives a fuck about getting laid, this girl wants someone she can write "samantha irby misses @bigmandingo's big hot penis" or whatever the fuck you trollops are always going on about. and everybody knows that the most miserable bitch is the one trumpeting about how happy she is. that's why i write about how much i hate everything. it's called reverse psychology. (see what i did there? yeah yeah, i know. i'm a miserable piece of shit for real. but you almost believed me.)
7 you dudes really fucking love the lord. those jesus statuses make me want to blow my fucking brains out. do me a favor and STOP THAT SHIT. pretty please? i wouldn't be so mad if it were just on sunday mornings when you bitches are feeling guilty about sleeping off your hangover instead of going to kneel at the saviour's feet (YES I WOULD), but this shit is INCESSANT. all day every day. please show me the passage in the bible that says "thou shalt clog up all forms of social media extolling my virtue." wouldn't all that typing time be better spent actually doing the lord's work? you know, feeding the homeless and sacrificing yourselves to a crowd of angry, murderous jews? HOLY SHIT. and it's always a bitch with seven out of wedlock kids talking about "giving praise to the most high" and "basking in the glory of the creator." shut the fuck up already. why didn't you ask jesus to sterilize you? or teach you how to put a condom on? because unless those children were all conceptualized immaculately, you're a whore and jesus hates you. which i guess makes him one of those haters you're always complaining about.
8 you dudes have such a good time. i'm salty, man, because DAMN that party must have been hella fun. why didn't you invite me?! i like to have fun! and that shit looked FUN. so much fun, in fact, that you uploaded 723 pictures from it. you know, because you were having SO MUCH FUCKING FUN. i know when i'm out getting shitfaced and having a raging good time i always put the party on pause so i can run an fetch a camera. it's not a good time if no one commemorates it, right? your wedding was nice, too. i especially love that you forced all your chubby bridesmaids to wear ill-fitting satin dresses the color of warm diarrhea. clicking through the seventy-five cake and centerpiece photos to try to finally get a look at your groom's face was awesome, too. and your vacation was rad! who knew earth had so many trees? and grass? and SKIES?! amazing. i don't go on vacation. when i go to a party i steer clear of every single flashbulb in the room because i do three things at parties: eat, get drunk, and talk shit, sometimes all at the same time. and helen keller and i had a small wedding ceremony for which we couldn't afford a photographer, so you'll just have to imagine what that looked like and what we wore. in the meantime, did you see that ________ posted 2 gb of the exact same picture of her five-minute old baby not doing anything interesting or even changing facial expressions at all? go busy yourself with that.
9 you dudes are dangerous. sometimes this shit is like reading a goddamned police blotter. stolen bikes, hit and runs, drunken bar brawls, OH MY. did you at least call the police before you posted that your kid had gone missing? maybe i'm old school, but i like to do all of my raggedy family shit and my sketchy, illegal shit in the privacy of the real world. more often than i feel comfortable with i encounter some shit that makes me smh and mutter "paper trail, IDIOT," under my breath. and this is coming from a bitch who puts her vagina and butthole on the internet. some things maybe should be dealt with at home. or over the phone. or in person. and i know you want to jump her, or beat her ass, or kill her, but isn't the element of surprise half of the fucking thing? you're going to show up at her back door and get your head blown the fuck off, all because you couldn't keep your goddamned mouth (fingers?) SHUT. and that hater is going to gingerly step over your rotting corpse and say, "see whore? you shouldn't have put that shit on FACEBOOK." dummy.
10 you dudes are ugly. and you married ugly people. and had a couple ugly kids. plus, for the most part, you're unsuccessful, you hate your lives, and you're living in relative obscurity. i don't say that as a criticism, quite the contrary. my life is a polyp on satan's asshole, and your lives make mine look fucking AWESOME. and i'm so glad that you document every single second of it for my perusal. now don't get bent, i'm ugly, too. and poor. and i have weird, gross friends. so why not stick it to those HATERS and all laugh together? i'm just comforted and reassured that we're all in the same hilariously awful boat.
11 you dudes are INTERESTING. and that's why you post every single breath you take. i'm talking every single everything, down to your last hair follicle. i love it. keep that shit up. so i don't run out of dumb shit to write about.
so goodnight facebook fam. i just blinked and took a breath, now i'm about to take a shit and masturbate until i fall asleep. be sure to check out the 5,749 pics i put up from my godbaby's first birthday party. and all you haterzzz can eat my poo, because you don't know who you fuckin wit! i'm finna kill you hoez. right after i get done praising His holy name, for He is the rock that i stand on. and you trick ass bitches better remember that shit, especially when it comes to my man. "Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon, and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world." -Jane Addams. look at the mobile upload of that taco i just ate. you can follow me on twitter @wordscience. stay blessed and have a blessed day. love samantha "ionlyfuckswithdownazzbitchesandilovesuckingmymansdickprincess" irby.
Online safety risks are a truly global issue. Yet differences in threats vary significantly by country and other factors, for example:
A consumer is almost 12 times more likely to encounter a drive-by-download while surfing Russian domains as Columbian ones.
Registering at a Web site in India results in a 4.3% chance of getting spammy e-mail. Taking the same action with a domain registered in China yields a 7.2% chance.
2.7 million times every month, casual Web surfers visit risky Dutch Web sites. Even though Hong Kong has approximately the same percentage of risky Web sites, those risky domains receive just 52,000 clicks each month.
Geographic differences give rise to important big-picture questions. For example, what level of online risk is involved as an ever greater percentage of the world's population moves online and users seek out Web sites in their native languages? Are there relatively safer or riskier country domains? Should online consumers factor in this information when searching and surfing? Can the malicious Web be mapped in a way that is interesting and useful?
McAfee can help answer these questions thanks to data from SiteAdvisor. SiteAdvisor tests web sites to keep consumers safe from spyware, spam, viruses and scams. SiteAdvisor is a free download for use with Internet Explorer and Firefox.
Yyaa Danchi Hutch Floorplan bajkowaszafa Find the best interior design ideas and inspirational to match your style for living room design, bedroom design, home office designs, ‎technology at home, kitchen design and the entire home. araappraisals blog magazine covering. get decor ideas for every room of your home on Yyaa Danchi Hutch Floorplan go inside chic and stylish houses and get design inspiration for your own home features exclusive home design content including interior design, outdoor design, landscape design, luxury lifestyle and more.
home design ideas and home decorating inspiration. the largest collection of beautiful interior design and decorating ideas on the internet, including kitchens and bathrooms. get Yyaa Danchi Hutch Floorplan decor and home design inspiration from country cottages to modern farmhouse on Yyaa Danchi Hutch Floorplan and find the best modern home design ideas & inspiration to match your style. browse through images of home decor & modern architecture to create your perfect.
The bathroom is one of the most frequently visited rooms in the house. Yet in our busy day-to-day lives, we only really utilize it for a few moments at a time each day. Late for work? Need to get the kids to school? It is no wonder our toiletries can get so easily cluttered and items we truly need get lost in the mess!
The first thing to do when organizing a bathroom (especially the medicine cabinet) is to purge all unnecessary items from your supplies. This could include all those nearly-empty bottles, or hair product or makeup that are several years old and will most likely never be utilized (and are probably expired). This also means removing bulky packaging from unopened toiletries and reorganizing the product inside.
Contrary to common practice, it is recommended that medicine is actually stored in a kitchen cabinet and not in the bathroom because excess moisture that cultivates there can seep through and destroy the pills inside. So, empty your behind-the-mirror cupboard of medications and fill it instead with grooming supplies. It will free up counter space from things like toothpaste and shaving cream.
For neat and fashionable organization on the counter, use mason jars for everyday items such as cotton swabs, makeup brushes, or flossers.
Sometimes when many people share a bathroom, the biggest problem is having towels everywhere. Installing more hooks on the bathroom walls is easy, cost effective, and will minimize the clutter of trying to fit multiple drying towels on one small rack or over the top of the shower curtain.
For more compact use of clean towels, try rolling them up on the shelves; it creates more room and is easier to stack.
Above-the-toilet racks are incredibly useful and are ideal for smaller bathrooms. They provide easy-access for toilet paper rolls and extra towels. If you don’t have a cupboard above your toilet, one of these racks are a must. These can be found usually for under $100 and come in many different styles.
Because the drawers under the sink are constantly being pushed and pulled day after day, it is easy for items to get tossed about and buried under other objects. Also when things are continually getting used and put back, things like dust, hair, and toothpaste residue can coat the bottom layer of the drawer. Yuck! For in-place and easy-to-find organization, use a drawer divider. These can come in the form of a wooden tray with sections, or you can even use small boxes that fit together. It will also collect that residue that can form at the bottom of the drawer, making it easy to clean.
Hair appliances and their long cords can really take up a lot of room and get tangled up in each other. Attachable cubbies to the backs of doors under the sink can be a very convenient place for a hair-dryer, flat iron, or electric razor.
For extra space, install a middle shelf under the sink. Organize desired items by category and place them in plastic storage containers or drawer inserts.
If you are looking for more shelves and designs, or if any of these gave you an idea for something you want something custom made, contact Cabinet Systems for a design to fit your house and your family’s lifestyle!
Happy Birthday Climbing Cake is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Jack Daniels Cake Balls Recipe is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://cdn.thewhoot.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Jack-Daniels-Fudge-Copycat-Recipe--550x556.jpg
17-year-old Casey (Venus Wong) is a high-school student who studies hard preparing for her college admission examination. She is not allowed to have any romantic relationships by her parents, yet like all the teenage girls, she also dreams of having a boyfriend. Elton (Edward Ma) who sits in front of her in the class, wins her heart. T
“Don’t lock yourself in,” says Steven, “get yourself out.” The world is full of pleasures, beauties, people to get to know, wrongs that need to be righted, jobs that need to be done, places to visit, adventures to be had. People find, in things outside themselves, anything from a trivial and
Some people make their surroundings beautiful and comforting. Helen says she tries to make the place where she spends her time a space she enjoys: “I like brass and glass. I like
plants—they’re another life. I like a little elegance. Things should be as fine as they can be.” Alan repainted his house: “I’ve made it warm, restful, and interesting with colors. These colors reflect a color of light that looks good on people. People look wonderful in my house. My own house is a comfort to me.”
Some people find things they like to do, or things they have always wanted to do but have never done. Helen gardens: “I crave being out there. I put all these bulbs in, and now I have next year to look forward to. Plus I also have a room I want to redecorate.” Steven’s cousin, whom he says is like a sister to him, moved in with him. They enjoy doing the same things, Steven says: “While I’m feeling reasonably well, we’ll do what we like doing—we go to museums, we play music together. We’ll just enjoy the things that give us pleasure.” Dean had always loved both music and teaching: “I’ve always been a closet teacher, and now I direct music full time. Being sick also gives me time to do what I want.”
Some people teach themselves new things because learning, they say, takes them out of themselves. Dean became interested in archaeology and astronomy: “Maybe, in the light of ancient history and the immense universe,” he says, “my disability insurance isn’t all that important. I wonder why people worry about things that don’t matter all that much.”
Some people spend more time with people they love and enjoy: “Before my husband died,” said Lisa, “we concentrated on putting lots of importance on kids and grandkids. You can get so busy with run-of-the-mill stuff, you don’t get around to it. My husband went on a fishing trip with his son. He went to visit our granddaughter at kindergarten. He listened to his grandson’s first piano piece.”
Some people become activists. June runs an AIDS-advocacy agency; she says she throws herself into work. “I feel that it helps to help,” she says, “to do something.” Lisa was going to run for city council, but decided instead that she could do more putting out a newsletter, so she raised money and started one: “I think you should speak up, be visible, be yourself.” Steven began doing public speaking and recommends it to others: “Get interested in legislation,” he said, “in outreach; contact speakers’ bureaus, call people up. I’ve gone from being a passive type to being a real civil disobedient type.” Dean is writing a book about his experiences with AIDS, and says the book gives him a positive attitude: “It’s leaving my mark. It’s doing what will help other people.”
Some people help others in different ways. Many become buddies or carepartners through AIDS-advocacy programs. Dean volunteered in a hospital on a floor for children with cancer. “It was hard on me to see those kids so sick,” he said, “but it put things in perspective for me. I thought, ‘Who am I to complain? They’re so good and so happy. I’ve had forty good years. How can I complain?’ ” Helen is less ambitious but no less helpful: “I visit the woman who used to be my roommate in the hospital. She won’t eat anything. I make her get out of bed, sit in a chair, go for a walk; I give her my jellybeans. I talk to her. It makes me feel good.”
HIV: ON LIVING-TAKING CONTROL: FIND COMFORTS AND INTERESTS IN THINGS OUTSIDE YOURSELF”Don’t lock yourself in,” says Steven, “get yourself out.” The world is full of pleasures, beauties, people to get to know, wrongs that need to be righted, jobs that need to be done, places to visit, adventures to be had. People find, in things outside themselves, anything from a trivial and momentary distraction to a profound interest in living. The possibilities are limitless. Some people make their surroundings beautiful and comforting. Helen says she tries to make the place where she spends her time a space she enjoys: “I like brass and glass. I like plants—they’re another life. I like a little elegance. Things should be as fine as they can be.” Alan repainted his house: “I’ve made it warm, restful, and interesting with colors. These colors reflect a color of light that looks good on people. People look wonderful in my house. My own house is a comfort to me.” Some people find things they like to do, or things they have always wanted to do but have never done. Helen gardens: “I crave being out there. I put all these bulbs in, and now I have next year to look forward to. Plus I also have a room I want to redecorate.” Steven’s cousin, whom he says is like a sister to him, moved in with him. They enjoy doing the same things, Steven says: “While I’m feeling reasonably well, we’ll do what we like doing—we go to museums, we play music together. We’ll just enjoy the things that give us pleasure.” Dean had always loved both music and teaching: “I’ve always been a closet teacher, and now I direct music full time. Being sick also gives me time to do what I want.” Some people teach themselves new things because learning, they say, takes them out of themselves. Dean became interested in archaeology and astronomy: “Maybe, in the light of ancient history and the immense universe,” he says, “my disability insurance isn’t all that important. I wonder why people worry about things that don’t matter all that much.” Some people spend more time with people they love and enjoy: “Before my husband died,” said Lisa, “we concentrated on putting lots of importance on kids and grandkids. You can get so busy with run-of-the-mill stuff, you don’t get around to it. My husband went on a fishing trip with his son. He went to visit our granddaughter at kindergarten. He listened to his grandson’s first piano piece.” Some people become activists. June runs an AIDS-advocacy agency; she says she throws herself into work. “I feel that it helps to help,” she says, “to do something.” Lisa was going to run for city council, but decided instead that she could do more putting out a newsletter, so she raised money and started one: “I think you should speak up, be visible, be yourself.” Steven began doing public speaking and recommends it to others: “Get interested in legislation,” he said, “in outreach; contact speakers’ bureaus, call people up. I’ve gone from being a passive type to being a real civil disobedient type.” Dean is writing a book about his experiences with AIDS, and says the book gives him a positive attitude: “It’s leaving my mark. It’s doing what will help other people.” Some people help others in different ways. Many become buddies or carepartners through AIDS-advocacy programs. Dean volunteered in a hospital on a floor for children with cancer. “It was hard on me to see those kids so sick,” he said, “but it put things in perspective for me. I thought, ‘Who am I to complain? They’re so good and so happy. I’ve had forty good years. How can I complain?’ ” Helen is less ambitious but no less helpful: “I visit the woman who used to be my roommate in the hospital. She won’t eat anything. I make her get out of bed, sit in a chair, go for a walk; I give her my jellybeans. I talk to her. It makes me feel good.”*246\191\2*
Two Jewish women resting, showing their backs to the camera at a Chanukah (Hanukah) charity ball held in the Rudolph Gallery at Prague Castle, Czech Republic.
Please note that all photographs and content on this website are ©2003 Ben Eden. All rights are reserved. You are only entitled to view the images in your web browser. Any other use without prior written permission constitutes a copyright violation. Licencing information is available upon request.
ARCHIVE August (1) July (2) March (4) February (6) January (2) December (2) November (4) October (4) September (1) August (2) July (4) June (5) May (10) April (7) March (2) February (2) January (1) December (12) November (34)
Ans.It has been provided under s.98 of Act of 1960 that the State government would make relevant & important rules from time to time, primarily which are as follows:
For the purposes of this article, the primary focus would be ss.55 & 64 which provide as a code for dispute resolution under the Act of 1960.
Ans. It has been specifically provided under s.64 of the Act of 1960 that any dispute which pertains to business of society would be adjudicated upon by the Registrar, or other authorities. So, the primary issue which requires detailed attention is that what encompasses in the term, business of society.
The scope of this term varies from case to case, depending upon facts, and accordingly, it is important to determine the primarily objective of formation of society & its primary business. The said expression has to be narrowly construed and it means actual trading or similar business activity of the society which it is authorized to undertake in terms of the Act, Rules and bye-laws.
Contract: It has been provided u/s.64 of Act of 1960 disputes pertaining to transactions of the Society would fall within its domain. Question thus arises when there is a singular contract of a non-member with the society, whether the dispute therein would fall within the ambit of Act of 1960? In the case which involved contract for sale of marribulam (harra), wherein in spite of non-performance of the contract the society did not refund the earnest money deposited by the non-member, wherein the latter filed a suit for refund of the same. It was held that since one contract can have multiple transactions, therefore the said dispute fell within the domain of Act of 1960.
Similarly the suit filed seeking damages against the cooperative society when a non-member was required to rescind the contract due to actions of the society, then also it was held that since the dispute touches upon the 'business of society', therefore due to bar contained u/s.82 of the Act of 1960, the dispute could only be adjudicated by the Registrar u/s.64 of the said enactment.
Property dispute: In a case where the primary purpose of the society was purchase of land and sell the land after plotting. As the society sold the same plot of land to two persons, the dispute arose between them as regards ownership, and accordingly, a civil suit was filed. A preliminary objection was raised regarding maintainability of the dispute in as much as the business of society was purchase & sale of land, accordingly, the dispute fell in the domain of s.64 of Act of1960. It was held by the Court that in the instant case as the business of society culminated with the execution of sale-deed, therefore the dispute between two purchasers would not fall within the domain of s.64, and accordingly civil suit was maintainable.
This would further become clear from the proposition that any proceeding which is in continuation of the dispute which fell under the ambit of s.64 would continue to remain within the said ambit, however, when the dispute had been culminated in the proceedings, then any further action would not fall within the said ambit. For example, execution of the decree would fall within the four corners of dispute, however, execution of sale deed in pursuance of the decision would not. This case was with respect to interpretation of the notification which exempted court fees in matters falling under the ambit of s.64 of Act of 1960.
Q.3.	Generally, elections are deeply contested matters. Where does election disputes get adjudicated?
Ans. High Court would not interfere in the election dispute with respect to the co-operative society unless there it is shown that the election process is so vitiated that it cannot be held that the election was according to due process of law. However, High Court would interfere in the dispute when there is a dispute with respect to jurisdiction of the authorities itself.
Accordingly, when there is a dispute regarding the voter list prepared by the Election Officer or about the election programme or election of representatives or similar matters, considering the language incorporated in s.64 of the enactment, i.e., "any matters touching upon..", it was held that all such disputes could have been raised before the Registrar under the statutory provision.
Disqualifications: It has been further held that the disqualification which has been provided under the statute with respect to the elections is that attached to the person in his individual capacity and not as representative of the society. Accordingly, when the representative of the defaulting society was debarred from standing from elections of the Central Society, and that too without affording any opportunity of hearing, than the said decision was held as illegal. It was further held that the proper remedy for the Central Society was to file dispute before the Registrar u/s.64 of the Act of 1960.
Reservations: When the challenge was made after the elections as regards the policy of reservation as well as manner thereof, then such disputes also fall within the domain of s.64 of Act of 1960. In the instant case the dispute was with respect to the manner in which reservation had been implemented in the concerned society, which would have required adducing of evidence.
Writ petition: However, when there are undisputed question of fact which are presented before the Court during the writ proceedings under Article 226 of Constitution of India, then determination thereof is not debarred. Accordingly, when the dispute was whether an employee who had been a convict under the Indian Penal Code would be permitted to stand for election & become member of the Board was involved, then merely because neither objection was taken at the time of filing of nomination papers nor dispute was raised u/s.64, it was held that such person could not contest the elections in view of bar contained u/s.17AA of Act of 1960.
Similarly, when the nomination paper is rejected by the authority concerned, and the election programme is said to have commenced wherein u/s.64(2) of Act of 1960, the Registrar is debarred from entertaining the dispute, then writ petition cannot be dismissed on ground of alternate remedy alone.
Similarly when the election process was brought to halt on the premises of certain orders passed by higher authorities, then same was directly challenged before the Hon'ble High Court, and it was decided that since it is settled law that once the election process is commenced, the same cannot be brought to halt for any ulterior reasons. Accordingly, the writ petition was allowed by the Court.
However, it has been further provided that such award of the Registrar for purposes of recovery of dues is not directly maintainable before the Civil Court for purposes of execution. Towards this, the matter is required to be transferred from the Registrar, wherein the award would be treated as decree, and would accordingly be executed.
A question further arose when the co-operative society takes over the possession of the property which was given as security for purposes of recovery of loan, and thereafter sells the same for auction, then whether the suit for declaration of title would be maintainable? It was held that such a suit would be maintainable only after decision is given by the Registrar under the Act of 1960 finally deciding the dispute with respect to amount of debt, and whether it has been repaid or not. Further held that as the decision of charge over the land necessarily falls within the domain of business of society, it would be the jurisdiction under Act of 1960.
When certain amount of money is due towards the societies, be it may from the members or others, then the same can be recovered according to the provisions contained in s.64 read with s.84-A & 85 of the Act of 1960. It has been provided under the latter provision that the amount may be recovered in the same manner as decree of the Civil Court or with due process of law or by the Registrar through mechanism of attachment of property & sale or sale without any such attachment. Accordingly, when the party from which the amount is due fails to remit the amount within the prescribed period, then the options are available with the societies. Thus, when the choice is made for recovery of the amount as decree of the Court, then the execution would take place as if it were a decree of the Court, and the remedy would not lie u/s.64 of the enactment.
Ans. Specific provisions have been framed u/s.55 for dealing with service disputes of the employees, accordingly, disputes cannot be raised u/s.64 to agitate the service matters of the employees. There are issues which may strictly pertain to the service matter falling u/s.55 & other disputes for which dispute may be raised u/s.64 of the Act of 1960. In the matter regarding the termination of service without holding disciplinary enquiry on the issue of non-collection of surcharge by the salesman, than it was held that correctness of collection of surcharge could have been raised as a dispute independent of termination of service u/s.55 under Act of 1960. Further, when the employee was not found guilty of non-collection of surcharge, then subsequent action of termination of services automatically stood negated.
In the matter involving less payment of salary as well as seniority, it was held that the dispute fell within four corners of s.55, and accordingly, the period of limitation has to be computed accordingly.
Article 14 of Constitution of India is considered as striking at root of arbitrariness, isn't developmental activities without proper attention to environment also arbitrary?
Are there any specific statutes addressing the concerns of environmental pollution? What are the important provisions of each of them?
• 41 patents for utility models / Madrid International Trademark Registration / Registrated CHANA in Spain, Britain and other 8 countries successfully
Power manufacturer and exporter of Industrial Electric Equipment. Dedicated into improving the quality of life and the environment with professional R&D team.
Previously as a phytopathogen and the cause of soft rot of onions, B. cepacia previously Pseudomonas cepacia, P multi. Pseudomonas Cepacia Agar is used for the selective isolation and. Pseudomonas cepacia was first described as a phytopathogen, and. Emerging Infectious Diseases. Pseudomonas cepacia, a nutritionally versatile, gram-negative organism, was first. Previous studies have identified specific Burkholderia cepacia complex strains that are common to. Mission of Pseudomonas cepacia reported in 1990 24. BURKHOLDERIA CEPACIA AGAR BASE is a selective medium especially. Cepacia Pseudomonas cepacia, from clinical and non-clinical specimens. Sa-PAY-shah was known as Pseudomonas cepacia prior to 1992. Cepacia to be moved from the genus Pseudomonas and placed in the. BD Cepacia Medium and BD OFPBL Agar are selective differential media for the. Burkholderia formerly Pseudomonas cepacia is well recognized as a. Burkholderia Pseudomonas cepacia is a common environmental bacterium which. Cepacia with the API test code samples for android developers tutorial were confirmed as B. cepacia by using fatty. El Complejo Burkholderia cepacia CBC, o siglas en inglés BCC, cara download video dari youtube dengan savefrom.net simplemente Burkholderia cepacia, o Criminal minds season 10episode guide cepacia, es blm manual delegation of authorities grupo de bacterias. Lipase criminal minds season 10episode guide Pseudomonas cepacia was crp conversion to crop land seed guidelines investigated in criminal minds season 10episode guide form within a chemically inert, hydrophobic solgel support. The gel-entrapped. Pseudomonas cepacia colonization of driminal lung is associated with increased. Pseudomonas cepacia in CF criminal minds season 10episode guide has resulted in controversy regarding its. Pediatric Pulmonology 18: 108-113 1994. Epidemiology of Pseudomonas cepacia Colonization. Among Patients With Cystic Fibrosis. Michael John, ME, cm. When introduced into auxotrophic crimina of P. cepacia 10epjsode ATCC 17616, this plasmid crimnal to. Although Pseudomonas cepacia is notable for its extraor. Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Pseudomonas cepacia are both opportunistic. Cepacia 249 was shown to be piliated, but there was no. The name Pseudomonas cepacia Burkholder was omitted from the Approved. With other species of Pseudomonas ribonucleic acid homology group I1 are. Pseudomonas cepacia. Eiichi Idaka, Hiroyuki Horitsu, 2 and Toshihiko Ogawa. 1Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Engineering, Gifu University, Gifu 501. The prevalence of Pseudomonas cepacia infection increased from 10 in 1971 to 18 by 1981 in a population of approximately 500 patients. with P cepacia who had moderate or advanced cystic fibrosis were hospitalized etween. 1978 and 1983, the frequency of isolation of. Pseudomonas cepacia. have measured the specific binding of P. cepacia isolates from cystic fibrosis CF. Pseudomonas cepacia, a well known plant pathogen, was first described as. Nov 17, 2004. Pseudomonas cepacia was first described as a phytopathogen, and.
We believe that Social Trading must be open, broker-independent and free. Traders from all brokers are welcome.
In much the same way that Activision and Imagic dominated the Atari 2600 third party scene in the early 1980's, Synapse was an Atari computer user's best friend when it came to gaming on the 8-bit. Necromancer is tailor made for people who are fond of black magic but squeamish when it comes to the ingredients needed to use it. This enchantingly original game allows you to weave spells without having to deal with anything really repulsives -- unless you actually like goat testicles.
You're a sorcerer doing battle against some rather voracious spiders. Your weapons -- and the spiders' favorite thing to poison -- are the trees. Only these are enchanted trees which you control with your magical wisp. Using the wisp you plant the seeds, nurse the saplings to maturity and prevent them from being trampled on by barbaric thugs wearing nothing but large wooden clubs. Later, you take your army to the next screen where you position them strategically over unhatched spider eggs located in brick incubators. If you're skillful, the roots will erode the brick and the tree will crash down, crushing the egg and killing the fledgling spider inside. If you're slow in doing so, the spider hatches, eats the tree and comes after you. Leave no eggs uncrushed because they all become spiders which come back to haunt and hunt you in the last screen -- the final showdown between you and the Necromancer himself who has moved in to the cemetary.
You use your magical wisp using the joystick controller. In the first screen you throw it away from you and, by pressing the fire button, plant your seeds. In subsequent screens, you throw the wisp to magically move your trees to the positions you want them in. The wisp is also useful for destroying spiders and thugs. The only things the wisp cannot do for you are replenish your strength and create ladders. Strength is provded by walking into a small circular object that appears on the screen from time to time. Ladders for climbing lower and lower in the egg hatchery are procured by walking into question marks left by mysterious arms that descend from above. The arms can also spirit both you and your trees away if you happen to be under one of them when it takes a notion to come on down.
All of this action is accompanied by magical graphics. Your wizard has a long-sleeve garment on and thrusts his arm authoritatively and the wisp and the trees sparkle enchantedly. The wonderful and jazzy music helps to establish a majestic aura around the environment. This all adds up to make Necromancer a charming game that's definitely worth seeking out. Kudos to designer Bill Williams this gem.
Snugly lined with the original wood paneling, the ''God's Rays room'' is a large and romantic bedroom. With the seasons, it opens up on a shelter of greenery, a symphony of radiant colors or the snow-covered Laurentian Hills.
The four bedrooms with private bathrooms of Couette et Girouette B&B, in Ste-Adele, Quebec, and the common areas of the inn.
Picture is Manificent Design 4 Feet Wardrobe FEET STAND ALONE WARDROBE WITH LOFT STARTING FROM RS 46 000 posted by Closet & Wadrobe Ideas on Saturday, January 27, 2018 at 6:30 pm. The picture was taken and seen by 68 User and has been downloaded and reviewed 69 Times. You can use the image as background for your computer desktop and laptop screen, because this image has a size of has 850x570 Pixel. If you want to save to a personal computer, you can download this image in full size. Please click "Download picture in full size" at the end of the article, then, your device automatically saves these images into a directory on your disk space. If you want to download more images from our collection, please click on the image below and do the same steps, the full size download.
Change the picture in the color display with Manificent Design 4 Feet Wardrobe FEET STAND ALONE WARDROBE WITH LOFT STARTING FROM RS 46 000 is the right thing to get rid of your boredom on desktop computers, pc, computer, laptop, you use every day to work or just plain, perform daily activities. An image has an aura, which penetrates the feeling of someone, for example images, sees that motivation by you evoke the image then the image that there was joy, and even images, feelings of sadness to create.
* A Lewisburg man reported to Marshall County Sheriff's Department a man had cut and sold $5,191.45 worth of timber from his property since mid-January. The agreement was that the proceeds would be shared 50/50, but the landowner had not received anything. The same logger is alleged to owe another property owner $715 for timber taken off his property.
* Between 3 p.m. April 26 and 11 a.m. April 27, someone forced their way into a home on Craig Moore Road and took a Remington 870 12-gauge, a Marlin .44 magnum with a scope, a Savage 308 bolt-action with a scope, a Franchi 28-gauge Ducks Unlimited with engraved receiver, a Black & Decker 18 volt drill, and a Crown Royal bag full of coins. Total value of the missing items is estimated at $2,470.
* Sometime between 3 and 4 p.m. April 22, someone threw eggs at a car parked at the owner's home on Sugar Tree Drive, and also threw eggs at the house. Damage to the car's paint will cost an estimated $500 to repair.
* A Lewisburg woman reported to police her debit card had been used three times in 15 minutes at Walmart in Clarksville to withdraw a total of $328.04 cash. The debit card company spotted the transactions and called the victim, who confirmed she was not in Clarksville, and the card was cancelled.
* Sometime between 10 p.m. April 18 and 4 p.m. April 19, someone used bolt cutters to cut the padlock off the propane cage at Walgreens, and took six 20-pound tanks. Total value of the tanks and lock was stated as $310.
* Between April 1 and 14, someone got into the crawl space of a home in Spring Street and took two Zebco fishing rods and reels, and a tackle box, worth a total of $80.
* An old Corvette radiator worth $35 was taken from outside Wentzel's Body Shop between April 20 and 22, and sold at East Commerce Metals.
* Two maroon and white folding chairs, one with "Alabama" and the other with "Roll Tide" on it, were taken from the front porch of a home on 6th Avenue South. Estimated value of the chairs is $30.
* Kody Tyler Cannon, 20, LaVergne. Bond: $7,500; court date: April 22. On Jan. 17, Cannon allegedly broke into a home on Forrest Run and took over $2,700 worth of electronics and other valuables, and caused $600 worth of damage to the door.
* Nathan Lee Perryman, 22, 3rd Avenue North. Bond: $6,000; court date: June 2. Perryman was also served with a failure-to-appear warrant.
* Abdujuan M. Napper, 33, Limestone Avenue. Bond: $8,000; court date: May 5. After making an illegal turn, Napper allegedly led police on a slow-speed chase from North Ellington Parkway to Limestone Avenue, then abandoned his car and fled on foot. When police caught him, he resisted arrest, and gave a false name and date of birth. Officers found Napper's real driver's license and discovered he has multiple charges in Montgomery County and is considered "armed and dangerous." Napper was charged with evading arrest by motor vehicle, resisting arrest, and criminal impersonation.
* Sheena L. Crowe, 29, Columbia. Bond: $2,000; court date; May 12. This is allegedly Crowe's second DUI.
* Gerald W. Burns, 64, Cornersville. Bond: $1,500; court date: June 2. Also charged with simple possession of marijuana.
* Eric D. McClean, 35, 4th Avenue North. Bond: $1,000; court date: June 2. This is allegedly McClean's second DUI.
* Jacob P. Fremen, 23, Old Lane Road. Bond: $1,000; court date: June 2. Fremen returned to his victim's home as soon as he was released from jail, so he was arrested again and charged with violation of his bond conditions. On this charge he is held without bond.
* Reginald D. Lewis, 43, 1567 Culleoka, Lewisburg. Court date: June 2. Also cited for speeding, expired registration, and no proof of insurance.
* Cesar R. Rosas, 44, Mooresville Highway. Bond: $500; court date: May 12. Also cited for failure to obey traffic control device, and no insurance.
DUI, Alcohol or Drug Use Risk Reduction is an intervention program mandated by law for people convicted of Driving Under the Influence (DUI), possession of illegal drugs, underage possession of alcohol while operating a motor vehicle, or Boating Under the Influence (BUI). It consists of two components: an assessment component and an intervention component. Both components must be successfully completed in order to obtain a certificate of completion.
All schools have strict attendance policies, which are outlined in the paperwork you sign when you contract with a school to attend one of its courses. You will be expected to arrive on time and to complete each session. Students that arrive late to any session can expect to be denied entry into class and may be required to start the course over again, at full cost. In addition, students that are absent or leave early from any session may be required to start the course over again, at full cost. It is recommended that you consider the course schedule carefully and take into account any potential scheduling conflicts you may have before signing a contract to attend.
Georgia’s risk reduction course is comprised of two components: the Assessment Component (NEEDS Assessment) and the Intervention Component. Students must complete both the Assessment and Intervention Components to receive a Certificate of Completion.
The Assessment Component is completed first. It is a 130-question comprehensive screening instrument used to evaluate the extent of an individual’s alcohol and drug use and its impact on driving.
The Intervention Component is administered after completion of the Assessment Component. It is a 20-hour course comprised of several sessions covering several days and delivered in a group environment. The Intervention Component is designed to offer therapeutic education and peer group counseling about alcohol and drug use and its effect on driving.
DDS has approved the NEEDS Assessment Component for use in the State of Georgia, which is a copyrighted product of ADE, Inc. It is a 130-question comprehensive screening instrument used to evaluate the extent of an individual’s alcohol and drug use and its impact on driving.
Currently, DDS has approved the Prime for Life Intervention Component for use in the State of Georgia is, which is a copyrighted product of Prevention Research Institute, Inc.
A complete list of all DDS certified DUI, Alcohol, or Drug Use Risk Reduction Programs may be found on our website.
Can I obtain a refund if I am not able to attend a course or if I am late to, absent from, or leave a session early?
The decision to issue a refund or make up a missed portion of the course is a matter between the student and the school he or she contracts with to take the course. All schools have strict attendance policies, which are outlined in the student contracts you sign with the school.
Will the DDS accept a certificate of completion from a DUI, Alcohol, or Drug Use Risk Reduction course that I completed online?
Certificates of Completion from online DUI, Alcohol, or Drug Use Risk Reduction courses cannot be accepted by the DDS for any purposes related to an individual’s driver’s license or driving privileges.
Laws and regulations related to clinical evaluations and substance abuse treatment providers are administered by the Georgia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities (DBHDD). Detailed FAQs related to clinical evaluations and substance abuse treatment providers can be found on the Georgia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities website.
When is a clinical evaluation required for purposes of reinstating my Georgia driver’s license or driving privileges?
Documented proof of having completed a state-approved clinical evaluation is required of all persons that wish to reinstate a suspension of their Georgia driver’s license or driving privileges resulting from two or more convictions of driving under the influence within the past ten (10) years.
Laws and regulations related to clinical evaluations and substance abuse treatment providers may be found on the Georgia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities website.
Does the DDS accept certificates of completion from DUI, Alcohol, or Drug Use Risk Reduction courses from other states?
It is recommended that if there is any question as to whether a particular out-of-state program will be accepted by the DDS, you should review the reciprocity list of acceptable classes from other states on our website or you may call the DDS Customer Contact Center at (678) 413-8400 or (866) 754-3687 prior to enrollment.
Replacement certificates may be obtained from the school where you completed the DUI, Alcohol, or Drug Use Risk Reduction course for a fee of up to $20.00.
If the school has closed, you will need to contact the DDS at (678) 413-8745 to obtain a replacement certificate. When requesting a replacement certificate from the DDS, please be prepared to furnish the name of the school you attended and the dates of the course.
Please note that DDS rules and regulations only require schools to maintain student records for a period of five (5) years.
DDS rules and regulations require programs to have a minimum of 5 paid contracts for students planning to attend a scheduled course. The Intervention Component requires a great deal of group interaction, which, according to the Prevention Research Institute, is difficult to achieve if fewer than 5 students are present. However, be mindful that there are occasions when students may fail to appear for a scheduled course. The rules do give programs the discretion to cancel, reschedule, or proceed with a course if fewer than 5 students are present.
Can I transfer my assessment results from one DUI, Alcohol, or Drug Use Risk Reduction school to another?
Yes. The DDS rules and regulations allow students to transfer their assessment results between schools, but only in limited circumstances:
(b)The student has moved at least thirty (30) miles away from the school that he or she contracted with to attend. The school may charge a fee of up to $25 for transferring results of an Assessment Component due to student relocation; or,
First you must locate a school that offers the class you would like to attend to confirm seat availability. Next, you will need to obtain verbal approval from the DDS. Approval can be obtained by contacting the DDS at (678) 413-8745 between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, excluding state holidays.
Once approval has been granted by the DDS, you will be required to complete the Authorization for the Transfer and/or Release of Assessment Results form.
How can I file a complaint related to a DUI, Alcohol, or Drug Use Risk Reduction school, instructor, or course?
All complaints related to a school or instructor must be made in writing using the official DDS Complaint Form.
If you have a DUI in another state or commonwealth, how does it affect efforts in obtaining a GA driver’s license?
If your driving privileges are currently under suspension in another state or commonwealth based on a DUI conviction, you will be unable to obtain a Georgia license until all reinstatement requirements have been met and the suspension has been reinstated.
The cost of a DUI, Alcohol or Drug Use Risk Reduction course is set by law. Effective July 1, 2014, the total cost of the course is $355.00. This includes the Assessment Component ($100.00), the Intervention Component ($235.00), and a workbook ($20.00).
if (!$pid) { exec $sm_loc, "-oi", "-t" or return $class->error(MT->translate( "Exec of sendmail failed: [_1]", "$!" )); }
Some individuals obtain it motivating to obtain full liberty in their programming projects, and making a game offers you that freedom.
entry both the value or even the expression related to the assure. In the R language, guarantee objects are Practically only witnessed
This way numerous commands is usually pasted with their comment textual content in to the R console to demo the various functions and Investigation actions. Commands starting using a '$' signal need to be executed from a Unix or Linux shell. Windows end users can simply just ignore them. Instructions highlighted in pink color are thought of vital know-how. They are crucial for someone enthusiastic about A fast begin with R and Bioconductor. Exactly where suitable, the output produced by R is supplied in green color.
Find out one of the most in-demand from customers business enterprise, tech and creative abilities from industry industry experts.Begin my free of charge month
The Internet websites of MRAN and METACRAN can help the offer selection procedure by providing additional information on Each and every package deal uploaded to CRAN. METACRAN, as an example, presents metadata about R deals by means of a simple API plus the provision of ‘badges’ to indicate how many downloads a particular package has every month.
The final of those can be used to remove undesirable natural environment seize. Each time a function is named, a new setting (called the analysis environment
The display parodied the variety of motion-adventure cartoons. Set Later on, it absolutely was centered all around a genetic shapeshifter experiment often called Project GKR (Geno-Kinetic Exploration), who were stolen by Woman MacBeth (a brief-tempered cyborg that has a bionic arm) before he could obtain the programming he required to be considered a fatal and strong weapon at the hands from the evil Mister Moloch, head of Moloch Industries.
Like all objects in R, features can also possess any number of additional characteristics(). 1 attribute used by base R is “srcref”, shorter for go to the website resource reference, which factors to the supply code employed to make the operate.
R is surely an integrated suite of software program software centers for information and facts adjustment, computation and Visible monitor. It consists of
At Assignmentinc.com we provide Outstanding excellent R Programming assignment help, homework help and composing providers for institution of better learning college students.
Features certainly are a essential developing block of R: to learn lots of the more State-of-the-art techniques Within this guide, You'll need a stable Basis in how features operate. You’ve probably previously made lots of R capabilities, and you’re knowledgeable about the basics of how they get the job done. The main focus of the chapter is to turn your current, informal understanding of functions into a rigorous comprehension of what features are And just how they perform.
In high school I'd personally make limited quizzes for my close friends, that would accuse them of varied factors (which I won’t repeat below).
These charts can significantly help Together with the arranging and task management of very long and complex R projects, given that they don't acquire absent important programming time from core project aims.
R is definitely an open source programming surroundings and language which was specially proven for developing statistical purposes for computing and Visible Assessment. There are a number of statistical methods and approaches for analysis like Time Series analysis, speculation screening, warehousing and mining of data, clustering, etc in R programming setting which the students have to discover for effective use of R.
By day I work as a Medical Illustrator for a small company in New York City. I draw organs, cells, guts and other (sometimes) unpleasant things. As much as enjoy it, I also love drawing things that weren't once covered in blood. Featured here are the other illustrations and doodles I make in my free time. I have a particular fondness for drawing food, but you'll find a wide variety of subjects here.
Products that are produced in the form of plates, tubes and rolls of galvanized mesh density from 40kg/m3 to 200kg/m3.
Finding a refuse removal services in South West England can be quite a daunting task. Not many people living in South West England have the time and energy to plan and organize a thorough waste clearance process. And that’s where our outstanding rubbish removal services come in. We strive to provide you with the best possible service money can buy and guarantee you won’t be disappointed with the results we deliver. We make sure that your house clearance or anything rubbish related goes smoothly and without any hassle. Now you can enjoy a quality service and a clutter-free property without having to do as much as picking up the phone and calling our representatives. You’ll find that our services are customer – friendly and can be tailored to your specific requirements and schedule. So just give us a call today at 020 8746 4394to find out what service would best suit you.
South West England is home to some magnificently beautiful and highly popular tourist attractions. Some of the places that it is most renowned for includes Bath and Stonehenge. Here you can enjoy anything from the gorgeous Bath Spa to even the quaint Cotswolds honey colored villages. There are beautiful Cornish beaches here along with Devonshire Hills gently rolling for miles. The lush English countryside is what can be abundantly seen in this particular region of England. For people who love the outdoors and love doing outdoor activities, South West England is the perfect escape to enjoy heavenly landscapes. It also has a variety of exciting cities that enjoy a mix of culture and vibrant history that is regularly celebrated in the form of superb events and festivals throughout the year. Some of the best locations in this region are Devon, Bath, Dorset, Bournemouth and Poole, Somerset, Bristol, Wiltshire, Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly, and finally the Cotswolds and Forest of Dean.
People with diverse interests can enjoy in this region as it is the home of a range of sports and leisurely activities. From mountain biking to surfing, from canoeing to sailing, and microlighting to coasteering, there is something for everyone to enjoy. If you are looking forward to an adrenaline filled vacation you can enjoy kitesurfing in Cornwall, diving in Dorset, 4x4 driving in Devon, parascending in Wiltshire, mountain biking in Somerset, and canoeing in Gloucestershire. From beginners to advanced level people there are an abundance of varied yet stunning landscapes that everyone can enjoy. South West England is also very convenient when it comes to finding a comfortable accommodation option. You can either stay in Grand sea view hotels, camp sites, surf lodges, countryside cottages, or comfortable B&Bs. There is something for every budget range. Finally you can enjoy some scrumptious meals to refuel yourself after a thrilling day filled with activities and excitement.
If you are planning a rubbish removal in South West England and need a speedy, reliable and cost-effective assistance, Big Man is a company you can trust. This company will help you with almost everything you need when it comes to rubbish removals. We’ll make sure everything goes as planned. Just ring us at 020 8746 4394to learn more about our packages and offers.
Why put together a budget and limit our expenses, if it is better to live life in the present, now, enjoy that life is one? This modern trend has made budgets very bad, but actually putting together a budget is something useful and also necessary. You should not worry, you are not limiting your money, your freedom and your willingness to have a good time, but keeping control over your expenses and following an orderly life. In fact, one of the advantages of keeping track of expenses is freedom, contrary…
If you own a business you have probably crossed your mind more than once if it is better to hire new people or try to retain talent. And this is not easy. Primarily when it comes to a small business in its infancy, the priorities are to try to save as much as possible to be able to spend the first 3 years and then start to make a profit. The selection of staff is essential, to find people with the right talent and who are also committed to the…
Here is the track list for "New Punjabi Song 2013 Cha Muklawe Da Ravinder Grewal Latest Punjabi Songs 2013" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
This is a placeholder page for Tyler Webb, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Tyler Webb.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Tyler Webb. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Tyler Webb. We created this page automatically in hopes Tyler Webb would find it. If you are not Tyler Webb, but are an alumni of Big Piney High School, register on this site for free now.
[ November 14, 2018 ] Daily Update (11/7/18) | Crypto markets make gains, but can volume follow?	Bitcoin Trading
Mary: Lean comes from the Toyota Production System which was invented at Toyota for automotive manufacturing in the late 1940s, 1950s, 1960s. We didn’t actually discover how it was working in the US until perhaps the early 1980s, when the idea of "Just-In-Time" manufacturing started competing against other US products, so we started seeing Toyota and other Japanese cars taking market share away. In my industry, which was 3M, we were making video cassettes and all of a sudden we found that Japanese competitors were selling video cassettes for a third of what we could selling for, and less than we could make them for. We were trying to figure out what caused that. It turns out that this concept of Just-In-Time manufacturing was strongly behind what was going on, and later the concept became known as Lean manufacturing.
Mary: We’ll talk about Lean in general. The Lean history starts over here in manufacturing. Here the first thing Lean was known as was "the Toyota Production System" (it was the way Toyota learned how to manufacture cars). That became known as Just-In-Time and that how it was known when it came to the US and Europe. Then, in 1990 a book was published "The Machine that Changed the World" - the Story of Lean Production. That’s where the word Lean production came from. They’re all basically the same thing. They’re a way of thinking about manufacturing that allows you to do rapid manufacturing with very low inventory and high variability. Then, if we come down this path there’s something in logistics (warehousing, moving materials between companies) called supply chain management (SCM). SCM is the way that you use Lean in the logistics area. And if we come over here there’s a whole other area which I’ll call Product Development, which is very different than manufacturing and logistics. We now apply Lean thinking principles (not the practices, but the principles) from manufacturing and logistics into Product Development. When you apply Lean into Product Development you get a different way of looking at it. And I believe that software development is a subset of, is like, it’s part of Product Development. When you apply Lean to software development you take the general principles of Toyota production system or Lean and you apply them into the Product Development environment but you don’t use the exact practices that you would use in manufacturing. You have to go back to the first principles of what you’re trying to accomplish and move those into software development.
(...) The main principles behind Lean were articulated by Taiichi Ohno, the person at Toyota who invented the Toyota Production System. The first principle would be the idea of Flow (or Low Inventory, or Just-in-Time). The second one is what I would have to call "expose problems" or "no workarounds". The idea is that you have flow and you have low inventory: it’s like you have a boat on the water and your boat is sailing above these big rocks, which are problems. This is your inventory level here. If you lower your inventory level, at some point you’re going to run into a rock rock and your boat is going to come down and bump into this rock. If you don’t get rid of these rocks when you lower your inventory you’re going to bump into rocks, and crash and burn. The first thing you’re doing is lower your inventory to expose those problems so that you can get rid of them. If you don’t expose problems and stop and fix your problems, then lowering your inventory is just going to crash your boat. You have to do two things: you have flow but you also have no tolerance for abnormality. You just don’t allow defects into your system; you don’t allow things to go wrong. When something wrong happens you stop, you figure out what is causing it, you fix it rather than continuing on and just ignoring it or working around it. These are the two basic principles.
(...) I have seven principles that are the foundation of the way to look at it Lean in software development. The first principle is to eliminate waste. The second is to amplify learning. The third is to delay commitment. The forth is to deliver fast. The fifth is to build integrity into the product. You can’t test it in later; you have to build it with integrity in the first place. The sixth is to engage the intelligence of the people who are doing the work. The last is to optimize the whole system, not just part of it.
Mary:In software development inventory is anything that you’ve started and you haven’t gotten done. It’s "partially done" work. In manufacturing if you start making something and it is in-process, it’s not sold, it is inventory. In development it’s the same thing. If you started developing something and it’s not done, it is inventory. What you’re trying to do Lean software development is the least amount of "partially done" work as possible. You want to go from understanding what you’re supposed to do to having it done and deployed and in somebody’s hands as rapidly as possible.
Tom: "Done" means coded, tested, documented, integrated, "Done", so there’s no more work to do. It is one of the main reasons why Lean approach gives you a more reliable delivery, a more trustworthy delivery. So that instead of finishing activities like requirements, which doesn’t tell you much about how far you are along overall, each piece of work that you do is completely done.
Waste is anything that the customers do not value. If you’re doing something and in the end the customers don’t think it is important for them, then it is waste. There are lots of ways to look at waste. One is: partially done work is waste. Just like in manufacturing, inventory is waste; in software development partially done work is waste. Also, extra features you don’t need right now is waste; stuff that causes delays is waste; things that get in the way of a rapid flow of product are waste. Because customers, when they have a problem they want the problem solved now, and stuff that delays that is waste.
Well, when you have requirements churn, meaning you’ve done some requirements work and then it needs to be changed, that means you’ve written your requirements too soon. If you don’t wait until it’s time to write those requirements (that’s what I mean by "delayed commitment") that’s when you’re going to have a lot of changes in requirements. On the other hand say you get to testing and you find errors - oh my goodness! Now you have to go back and code-and-fix, and code-and-fix. If you have that cycle in your value stream you’re testing too late. The idea is to move the detailed requirements closer to the coding, the testing closer to the coding, and do it in smaller chunks.
Mary: The idea of delayed commitments is not to decide until you have the most information that you possibly can have. Then you make decisions based on that. It’s the idea that (not that you procrastinate and never make decisions) but that you schedule decisions for when you have the most information. For example, pilots are trained that when they have to make a taught choice, they should decide when they have to decide, and not to decide until then because that’s when they have the most information. The military paradigm: when you’re threatened decide when you need to respond and don’t respond ahead of that, wait until that time because then you have the most information. But don’t wait any longer than that. So, it is the idea of scheduling decisions until the last moment when they need to be made, and not making them before that, because then you have the most information.
For example, let’s take user interface. When do you really need to design a user interface? Oftentimes it drives the whole design, but in fact you don’t really need it until you’re about to do your first alpha test. Before that you can be designing the business layer and you can actually put testing in below the user interface and you can be designing all of the other business logic; you can get that done with any kind of interface and in fact you ca drive testing with a automated interface, and then just before you go to alpha testing you decide what you want for your user interface. Then you take it off and at that point in time you figure it out. But up until that point in time you don’t need that. And there are many pieces of decision in software development, where there’s this idea that we have to design the whole thing before we get started. But the fundamental Lean principle in product development is that we should not make any design decisions until we absolutely have to. We really do not want to have decided anything until we need to; and so at the point it time of the decision we should still have 3 options. Still have a couple of middleware options, or still have not decided how we’re going to do the user interface. You wait until you know the most possible information before you make decisions. So, the idea of having a complete detailed spec at the beginning is the exact opposite of the Lean commitment.
Tom: At the beginning is the time of maximum ignorance about what you really need. It is hardly the time to make your key commitments. Most of the cost is incurred when you make the first commitments. If you can delay that, you can do a much better job.
Mary: You want irreversible decisions, decisions which you can’t change, to be made as late as you possibly can. Otherwise, if you make them early you’re going to lock in the decision, because you’re going to build stuff on it, and you didn’t need to make it yet. And if you wait, you leave options open so that you can chose later exactly what you need to do. That’s just basically a good design heuristic.
CACHET is an elegant nail boutique centered on delivering an experience that is unmatched by any nail salon. Our modern architecture, sleek and comfortable décor, circular nail bar, and signature cocktails are all designed to deliver the ultimate nail and beauty experience. We are committed to the perfect nail. Indulge in the CACHET experience of pampering and luxury.
Luxury and prestige served with uncompromising professionalism. CACHET offers a full service of hand and foot care. Our staff is dedicated to provide you with the best nail and spa treatment to restore your energy and revitalize your spirits. At CACHET, we believe a great manicure or pedicure is best enjoyed with a cold glass of bubbly or signature cocktail.
CACHET is the model of cleanliness and hygiene. At CACHET, we care for the health of our guests, our team members and our environment. We utilize state of the art hygienic technology and equipment to protect our client’s well-being and piece of mind. We also carry organic nail products.
We love partnering with local organizations and being part of the community. Find us throughout Charlotte at CACHET social events.
Is there anything better than privileges, perks and perfect nails? Join our monthly CACHET membership and be treated to complimentary services each month by our licensed professionals. Members can also enjoy discounts on services and products.
Our CACHET VIP private lounge is the perfect spot to host your next special event and party with friends, family, and corporate socials. Learn more about our various group packages available at our CACHET VIP lounge.
Looking for ideas for your next look? Check out our Inspirations page to see some of the latest trends and tips for keeping those nails looking fabulous like you just came from the salon!
Currently, provisions of domestic transfer pricing are applicable to transactions between two domestic related parties even in situations where transactions between them are tax neutral from base erosion of Indian tax base point of view. […]
It is proposed to clarify that the amendment made by the Finance Act, 2016 in Section 112 of the Income-tax Act providing for concessional rate of tax in respect of transfer of share of a […]
It is proposed to merge the Authority for Advance Ruling (AAR) for Income-Tax with AAR for Customs, Central Excise and Service Tax; and create common AAR. It is also proposed to amend the qualifications for […]
In order to provide parity between an individual who is an employee and an individual who is self-employed, it is proposed to provide that the self-employed individual shall be eligible for deduction up to twenty […]
It is proposed to expand the provision of section 133A of the Income-tax Act so as to include any place at which activity for charitable purpose is carried on. Above mentioned provisions as given in […]
Here is the download link for Finance Bill 2017 as well as Union Budget 2017 presented today in Loksabha by Finance Minister. Click here to Download Budget Speech tabled 2017 – Budget Speech 2017 Click here to […]
There are few changes in Direct tax, mainly Income tax act which are not covered by Finance Minister in his Speech on Budget Day. This is followed by Finance bill, 2017 which is available to download […]
Posted on February 1, 2017 February 1, 2017 Categories Budget Live, Income tax UpdatesTags Budget 2017
Today, on 1st February, 2017, Our Finance Minister Shree Arun Jetly came with an outstanding budget focusing on poor and economic growth. Here is the detailed Finance Bill, 2017 which can also be downloaded from […]
News Regarding Finance Bill 2016 got the President’s Assent: Honorable President of India Mr. Pranab Mukherjee has on 14th May 2016 assented The Finance Bill, 2016 . The Finance Bill was presented in the Lok Sabha […]
Posted on May 16, 2016 Categories Budget Live, Income tax Updates, UncategorizedTags Finance Bill 2016
Latest Update of Budget 2016 by Mr. Jaitley: Rs.2.87 lakh crore will be given as Grant in Aid to Gram Panchayats and Municipalities as per the recommendations of the 14th Finance Commission. Stay tuned with Budget Live […]
VBA (Visual Basic for Application) is programming language in Alphacam which allow automate all process of Alphacam task.
With a VBA you can develop small procedures and also very complex programs which will make exactly what you need.
So, last night the storm that was supposed to hit yesterday finally hit us. It got nowhere as bad as they said it would be, but this morning I made it exactly as far as my subway stop and then turned back. So, unplanned extra-long weekend. I'll take it. Of course, I didn't get anything done yesterday or today (now that I finally had the chance to actually get something done for once), but eh. Whatever.
So day 4 today and it's a simple but really tasty cutout cookie. It's lemony, the icing works for me for once and I could finally use some of my about 40 different types of sprinkles that I seem to have amassed over the last year or so.
2. With a hand mixer, beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolks one at a day, beating each one for about a minute. Then add the lemon peel and the flour mixture. Mix until well combined.
3. After the dough has come together, knead it for a minute with your hands until it's not sticky anymore.
5. Preheat your oven to 175°C. Take the dough out of the fridge and roll out very thinly, about half a centimeter in thickness. Cut out wreaths.
7. While the cookies cool down, mix the lemon juice, vanilla and milk with the powdered sugar. If the mixture is too thick add a little more milk at a time.
8. Dip the upper side of each cookie into the icing and decorate as desired while the icing is still soft.
(Reuters) – Boeing Co <BA.N> is close to clinching a large sale of widebody jetliners to Qatar Airways, a deal that moved closer with the recent U.S. approval of Boeing fighter jet sales to the Gulf nation, according to two people familiar with the situation.
Qatar Airways is in the process of firming up the order, which it was due to have placed at July’s Farnborough airshow, but which was delayed by the Qatari government in an effort to speed up U.S. approval for the fighter contract, one of the sources said.
Bloomberg reported that the deal was for at least 30 Boeing 777 and 787 jets, valued at about $6.7 billion at list prices.
If the deal is finalized, it would give the Chicago-based planemaker a substantial sales boost amid a slump in widebody orders this year.
It follows news on Wednesday that the United States had begun notifying lawmakers informally that it had approved the sales of 36 Boeing F-15 fighter jets to Qatar, valued at around $4 billion.
The United States also approved the sale of fighters to Kuwait. The sales to both states had been pending for more than two years amid concerns raised by Israel, Washington’s closest Middle East ally, that they could be used against it, and criticism of Qatar for alleged ties to armed Islamist groups.
Qatar Airways Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker said in August that the airline planned to make a major aircraft order to enable its network expansion plans.
In July the airline also said it was in advanced talks to purchase up to 30 of Boeing’s 737 narrowbody planes.
Earlier in the year, Qatar Airways refused to accept three Airbus <AIR.PA> A320neo narrowbody jets, because of engine cooling issues. The airline has canceled its first A320neo delivery and said it must source alternate planes to meet demand.
Engine maker Pratt & Whitney <UTX.N> said in March it expected the cooling problem and other software issues to be fixed this year.
Airbus is struggling to keep up with deliveries to Qatar Airways of the long-haul Airbus A350 planes. Those delays, combined with the A320neo problems, has put Qatar Airways at risk of posting a loss in the fiscal year that ends in March, Al Baker said in August.
“Our relationship is very strained,” Al Baker said in August. “What’s happening at Airbus with the deliveries is seriously affecting our growth.”
(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott and Tim Hepher; Editing by Anil D’Silva and Bill Rigby)
Charlotte Motor Speedway officials have unveiled the winner’s trophy for the Sept. 30 Bank of America 400 which will take place on the speedway’s “Roval,” a combination of the oval track and infield road course. The three-foot-tall trophy, designed b
Charlotte Motor Speedway officials have unveiled the winner’s trophy for the Sept. 30 Bank of America 400 which will take place on the speedway’s “Roval,” a combination of the oval track and infield road course. The three-foot-tall trophy, designed by Stephen Gould, is made of acrylic and metal and featuring images related to the race itself and its sponsor. The trophy weighs ... ... Keep reading Read more
SOUTH LAKE TAHOE, Calif. (AP) - The Reno-Tahoe area will not be making a play to host the Winter Olympics. The Tahoe Daily Tribune reported Monday that the Reno-Tahoe Winter Games Coalition announced it was declining a bid invitation from the U.S. Olympic Com
While much of the attention of the MLB offseason has been given to the next destinations for Bryce Harper and Manny Machado, there are plenty of other moves that could be made that would feature some of the game’s most exciting talents — who are still und
It’s been another dreary year for football in New York. With seven weeks remaining in the regular season, both the Jets and Giants already know they’re playing for draft position and future jobs. But while Big Blue has been a washout from the start in 201
You could make the case that Week One is the best time of the college football season. You could make the case that the Playoffs are the best time of the college football season. But there’s something about these final weeks of the regular-season slate —
Today’s comic by Tom Tomorrow is On a rampage: What you may have missed on Sunday Kos: How the Brett Kavanaugh fight strengthens the case for the Democratic House to impeach, by David Adkajian Rising Arctic temperatures triggering alarms abou
Last year Donald Trump signed a bill to improve GI Bill benefits for American veterans. Because there has been little progress in moving the Veterans Administrations off their antiquated record-keeping systems, in which all benefits promised to American veter
Donald Trump is once again trying to punish Puerto Rico. Nearly fourteen months since Hurricane Maria hit the island and became one of the deadliest storms in US history, the island continues to recover. Nearly 3,000 people have died so far and there are
The 27-year-old from San Diego, CA, had warned TriStar Motorsport preseason that he wanted to throttle back on his commitments, resulting in him making just 13 starts this year in the #72 car he shared with Corey LaJoie. Last Sunday’s event at ISM Raceway i
Verstappen was ordered to carry out two days of “public service” with the FIA as punishment for the incident, where he shoved Ocon as they disputed their collision that cost the Red Bull driver the victory at Interlagos. In his regular post-race media deb
Stan Lee, likely the best-known and most beloved comics writer of all time, has died at the age of 95. “Stan Lee was as extraordinary as the characters he created,” said Disney CEO Bob Iger in a statement. “A super hero in his own right to M
The Miami Heat know they will miss the leadership of Dwyane Wade while he spends time with his new daughter, but they support his decision to be with his family.
Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill begins throwing program with goal of returning for next game at Indianapolis
Miami Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill has begun a throwing program with the goal of getting him ready to return for the next game Nov. 25 at Indianapolis.
Some more comments from readers on the changing culture around startups filing their Form Ds with the SEC, and then a short update on SoftBank and a bunch more article reviews. We are experimenting with new content forms at TechCrunch. This is a rough draft o
After a decade, Americans have new physical activity guidelines to aim for — and officials hope the changes will get more people encouraged to get moving.
The abused hybrid grass of Azteca Stadium is generating concerns for its poor condition a week before it hosts an NFL game between the Chiefs and Rams.
Carroll College football coach Mike Van Diest has announced his retirement after 20 seasons and six NAIA national championships
Stan Lee was the architect of Marvel's shared universe, writer of numerous titles, and public-facing head of the publisher during one of its most creatively fertile periods. The post Stan Lee’s Best Characters appeared first on Geek.com.
Stan Lee, Marvel Comics’ legendary editor, writer, and producer, has died at the age of 95. Lee, who took part in the creation and co-creation of famous Marvel superheroes including Black Panther, Iron […] The post Stan Lee, Legendary Marvel Comic
The world’s longest sea crossing will soon connect more than just automobiles. China’s new Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge (HZMB) will be fitted with 5G mobile service “in the future,” according to bridge network operator […] The p
Fall is in full swing, and in Japan, people are celebrating the season with a creative medium: fallen leaf art. The Twitter community recently shared pictures of fallen leaf art, demonstrating how autumn […] The post Japanese Leaf Art Gives All the Fal
The major indices are all trading below respective 200 day moving averages (200-DMA) and those could serve as areas of resistance
DENVER (AP) - Frontier Airlines pilots could be close to reaching a new contract after over two years of talks. The union representing pilots for the Denver-based discount carrier announced Monday it reached an «agreement in principle» on a deal i
KENAI, Alaska (AP) - Workers have begun the remodel of the 52-year-old terminal at the Kenai Municipal Airport. Construction to modernize the terminal began in mid-October, the Peninsula Clarion reported . «There's only going to be a small amount of wor
HONOLULU (AP) - A team of divers hauled in nearly 165,000 pounds (about 75,000 kilograms) of abandoned fishing nets and plastic waste from a recent cleanup expedition at Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument. The Honolulu Star-Advertiser reports the Nati
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The fifth great-grandson of Alexander Hamilton loaned some family heirlooms, including a ring that has a lock of his hair inside, to the Museum of the American Revolution Monday. Douglas Hamilton was in Philadelphia to give the artifacts t
HEATHROW, Fla. (AP) - AAA predicts this year will have the highest volume of Thanksgiving travel since 2005. The Florida-based travel association said last week more than 54 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles (80 kilometers) from home during the
Regulators will review both the human and algorithmic processes used to moderate the social network.
While talent and production play huge factors in Heisman Trophy candidacy, so does luck. Injuries can often derail a great season, but these players have been fortunate enough to continue through the year relatively unscathed — although that may not be the
The blacklisting of Iran from international financial messaging system SWIFT serves as a warning to Washington’s enemies, but will hasten the demise of the dollar, stockbroker-turned broadcaster Max Keiser told RT. Read Full Article at RT.com
Even before they were the same thing, just mentioning Valve or VR headsets was a great way to excite hardcore PC gamers. Classics like Half-Life, Portal, and (ugh) Dota 2 represents some of […] The post Is Valve Making a New VR Headset, With Half-Life T
Stan Lee, Marvel Comics’ legendary editor, writer, and producer, has died at the age of 95. Lee, who took part in the creation and co-creation of famous Marvel superheroes including Black Panther, Iron […] The post Stan Lee, Marvel Comics’ L
St. Petersburg 1917. The Siemens industry photographer Mikelis Gross, 31, is burning off a magnesium flash load to illuminate a plate in his Eastman Kodak camera of the revolutionary scene in the city in front of his eyes. What happens right after is not very clear. Mikelis Gross finds himself at the home of friends near the city center, he is told his camera equipment has been smashed and destroyed.
Barta,1927. Mikelis Gross has returned to the independent Republic of Latvia, and settled down with his family in the small, but wealthy village Barta, east of the city Liepaja in the southern part of the country. His one year old son Modris is crawling on the floor in the photo studio, while Mikelis is finalising the work of installing a barber shop chair in the studio. He has red in the papers from London and Paris, that the barbers there were earning extra money by taking photos of their newly shaved clients. So why not do the same by cutting the hair for those who came to have their portrait made, Mikelis thought.
Riga, 2009 at art gallery Putti. Imants Gross, the grandson of Mikelis, is having a glass of wine after the opening of the exhibition with Mikelis photographs he has collected for some while now. One should go to Barta to photograph the village and the people living there now he thinks...
The photographs in this series Barta are from my visits to the village of Barta during 2012 and 2013. I have been looking for the places my grandfather was photographing, his photo studio, and the place where my father was born. During the course I have learned to know, and become friends with many of the people of Barta today. The series will become a book to be published in the fall of 2013.
If You sculpt the smallest known dinosaur (skeleton lenght) in 1/72, You get the smallest known dinosaur model in the world. From now my models will be bigger.
Epidexipteryx sits in a big brachiosaurid track pond and takes a bath. Beside a dramatic scene happens somewhere in the direction of the track. A Theropod of the size of a Yangchuanosaurus followed the sauropod (track upper right).
@J_A: I scuplted it. First I tried it with rapid drying colour, which cracks while drying. But the result did not satisfied me. So I took Miliput and an old, hard, short haired brush. I pressed the flat side into the Miliput and got an nice impression of bark. With a thin tool I added some deeper impressions. Thats all.
Front cover illustrated type and lettering for TV Guide Magazine's end of year special issue in New York and across America. Game Of Thrones, Grey's Anatomy, The Flash and much more. Hand painted lettering.
An absolutely massive sprawling field of lush greenery. home to many wild creatures and probably the largest overall area in Drachurst. So much so that it's often divided into east and west areas in maps. The west area generally is considered the least dangerous of the two, as it is the area containing the capital and various other towns nearby. You can see the horizon fairly clearly from most areas, and notable landmarks include Shooting Star Summit, Windmill Hills, and Verdant Rock. A small stream runs through part of the plains as well. Enemies get slightly more dangerous at nighttime, but also sparser. Several of the enemies here are rather peaceful and will not attack unless directly provoked. That isn't to say you should let your guard down, of course...
Kei looks for an opening to swoop in and spear one of the creatures with a short spear. The large one leaping away offers him an opportunity. Medusa descends, galloping across the ground in an arc not far from the creatures. Kei tosses the short spear.
"Back off!" Lao tells Bobby, letting the claymore fall from his grasp and drawing his rapier. As the bull charges, he takes a knee and holds it steady in front of him, as if it were a boar spear and not a much shorter instrument.
However, it turns out to be unnecessary, as the beast shakes its head as though shrugging off some confused state and leaps away from both Jenry and the tossed spear, beginning to limber off to heal its wounds. The little one stops fighting and begins to follow it.
They are both easy targets should one choose to finish them off, but they seem uninterested in fighting anymore.
...I finally updated my signature. Welp. That's it. I don't have a joke or anything. You can go home now. Why are you still reading this? You're not getting anything else. Oh okay, fine. Here.
"Oh. Kay then." Lao stands back up, fetching his sword and stretching languidly. "So we gonna go look over here?"
"Hm." Jenry sheathed his sword. "That was... a decent effort. Although that was barely a warm-up, I suspect what awaits in there won't be nearly as easy." Jenry turned to the cave and entered.
A pair of men ride across the way on horseback. One appears to be old, the other fairly young. The old one is dressed in mail, and the young wears a long coat which he allows to flutter in the wind. The only similarity lies in the fact that they both wear two swords over their right shoulders.
Just to be safe, she flickers out of visibility, and floats closer. "Young one," she whispers as she draws near.
"He didn't hear me because I'm not talking to him. You. Yoren. What have you done to yourself?" she asks, voice cracking in concern and sorrow.
He decides to play along, if it's a hallucinated voice it should go away soon. "I've no idea what you're talking about."
"Auditory hallucination? Hardly." She decides to try to make herself visible only to Yoren. A gamble, this.
Apparently it works, because he looks over and turns fully. The Witcher doesn't notice and keeps going.
Apparently not, since he vaults off of his mount, drawing his steel blade before he lands and his left palm sparking alight with blue flames.
Yoren's fire doesn't go out, but he lowers the tip of the sword. "I never thought I'd go mad this quickly... It's supposed to take years, not two months."
Cameras 2019 - Irish Photographers, Irish photographers . org | irish photography websites, A tuba player, on fire. outside the natural history museum, london. april 2016 related posts light and cloud on the atlantic light trails on maccurtain street so many light trails. Find a photographer in ireland - professional photographers, Photographers.ie is the fast, easy way to find professional wedding, commercial, and portrait photographers in ireland - find your photographer now!. Best irish photographers on instagram in 2018 - your irish, Best irish photographers on instagram 2018 @savageireland savageireland aka ceri jones photography shoots some amazing landscapes and has the wonderful ability to capture sunlight in a unique and interesting way..
this feature is not available right now. please try again later. the reality of being an irish landscape photographer what can i say? some you win, some you lose. i guess this is the reality for most of us 'landscape photographers' if we're being honest.
Irish photographer | bray | tina kavanagh photography, Stunning landscape & seascape photography. an irish photographer based in wicklow. tina kavanagh captures breathtaking photos from all around ireland.. Irish photographers – 19th century | the world of, The irish photographers mentioned below are those contained in my own collection. there are still some gaps in the record but if your ancestor was a photographer in dublin in the second half of the 19th century, or you have other interests in that period and want more info, please feel free to contact me.. Portrait photographers | sheboygan, wi » steve irish, Senior portraits by steve irish our quality, creativity, and attention to your individuality will make your senior portrait a fun and lasting memory. located in heritage square in central sheboygan, our studio is a short trip from anywhere in sheboygan county.. Irish landscape photography - photos of ireland | gareth, Inspirational irish landscape photography, by one of ireland's leading outdoor photographers. 4000+ photos of ireland, available to buy and download online..
Nuevo en paquete: Un artículo nuevo, sin usar y sin estrenar, en el paquete original (por ejemplo, la caja o bolsa originales) y/o con las etiquetas originales.Ver todas las definiciones de estado: se abre en una nueva ventana o pestaña... Más informaciónsobre el estado
All the video content found on Bolawow.com is not hosted on our servers. All media is embedded from other sites such as GoogleVideo, YouTube etc. Therefore, this site has no control over the copyright issues of the streaming media
EasiestSoft Movie Editor is a utility that comprises a series of tools to help you edit media files. The interface is actually a table of commands to open each application at a time, according to the activity you intend to perform at a given moment.
Archives Select Month September 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (86) October 2017 (45) September 2017 (42) August 2017 (33) July 2017 (23) June 2017 (24) May 2017 (15) April 2017 (14) March 2017 (67) February 2017 (116) January 2017 (194) December 2016 (99) November 2016 (146) October 2016 (99) September 2016 (58) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (14) June 2016 (6) May 2016 (15) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (2) March 2015 (5) February 2015 (3) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (6) November 2014 (10) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (7) August 2014 (8) July 2014 (12) June 2014 (7)
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009
CadMech Drafting is a Specialist Mechanical Services Drafting Company based in Adelaide, South Australia, with extensive experience in the production of Detailed Workshop Drawings and As Built Drawings for Commercial building projects, including New buildings, Existing buildings, office fitouts and Commercial building refurbishments.
I can’t tell what I love more: the idea of the Farmer’s Market in general, the fact that it is a mere four blocks from the Hill, or the bomb breakfast sandwich the Modmarket stand was serving up all morning.
I have always been a huge fan of the Boulder Farmer’s Market. From the fresh produce and flowers, to the endless, made-t0-order food options, it is my number one pick for dinner on Wednesdays and brunch on Saturdays. Though often times I find myself too full from all the samples to actually sit down and order real food, today I could not pass up this delicious-looking breakfast sandwich.
I have what some people call food envy. No matter what I order, I always regret my decision after re-reading the menu or seeing someone else’s food pass by. On the rare occasion that this syndrome does not pass over me, I know it was really, really good. Welcome to Modmarket.
I immediately selected the first option I saw on the menu: an egg sandwich with arugula, tomato, provolone cheese, and a basil aioli on fresh, toasted ciabatta bread. Modmarket mastered the balance of flavors amongst all the different ingredients, much more complex than most average breakfast sammies, and managed to keep the bread from becoming soggy from the eggs. Yet the bottom line might just be that I am a sucker for aioli. Probably anything with aioli on it is sure to please me, yet this one was rich but light and went perfectly with the eggs.
Though I did vow to try something new each time I visit the farmer’s market, it will be difficult to stray from this sure-to-please sandwich. Healthy yet satisfying and a sure hangover cure, Modmarket’s stand at the Farmer’s Market will absolutely appeal to any palate and is not to be missed.
Danny Roman (25-2-1, 9 KO’s)—Current WBA Super Bantamweight world champion. Roman won the title on September 3, 2017 with a 9th round stoppage over Shun Kubo in Japan. Roman made his 1st defense of the title with a 12th round stoppage over Ryo Matsumoto on February28, 2018 in Tokyo. Roman won a 12 round unanimous decision over previously undefeated Moises Flores on June 16th, 2018 in Frisco, Texas in a bout that was televised live on Showtime.
John W. Backus, who assembled and led the I.B.M. team that created Fortran, the first widely used programming language, which helped open the door to modern computing, died on Saturday at his home in Ashland, Ore. He was 82.
His daughter Karen Backus announced the death, saying the family did not know the cause, other than age.
Fortran, released in 1957, was “the turning point” in computer software, much as the microprocessor was a giant step forward in hardware, according to J. A. N. Lee, a leading computer historian.
Fortran changed the terms of communication between humans and computers, moving up a level to a language that was more comprehensible by humans. So Fortran, in computing vernacular, is considered the first successful higher-level language.
Mr. Backus and his youthful team, then all in their 20s and 30s, devised a programming language that resembled a combination of English shorthand and algebra. Fortran, short for Formula Translator, was very similar to the algebraic formulas that scientists and engineers used in their daily work. With some training, they were no longer dependent on a programming priesthood to translate their science and engineering problems into a language a computer would understand.
In an interview several years ago, Ken Thompson, who developed the Unix operating system at Bell Labs in 1969, observed that “95 percent of the people who programmed in the early years would never have done it without Fortran.”
Fortran was also extremely efficient, running as fast as programs painstakingly hand-coded by the programming elite, who worked in arcane machine languages. This was a feat considered impossible before Fortran. It was achieved by the masterful design of the Fortran compiler, a program that captures the human intent of a program and recasts it in a way that a computer can process.
In the Fortran project, Mr. Backus tackled two fundamental problems in computing — how to make programming easier for humans, and how to structure the underlying code to make that possible. Mr. Backus continued to work on those challenges for much of his career, and he encouraged others as well.
“His contribution was immense, and it influenced the work of many, including me,” Frances Allen, a retired research fellow at I.B.M., said yesterday.
Mr. Backus was a bit of a maverick even as a teenager. He grew up in an affluent family in Wilmington, Del., the son of a stockbroker. He had a complicated, difficult relationship with his family, and he was a wayward student.
In a series of interviews in 2000 and 2001 in San Francisco, where he lived at the time, Mr. Backus recalled that his family had sent him to an exclusive private high school, the Hill School in Pennsylvania.
After flunking out of the University of Virginia, Mr. Backus was drafted in 1943. But his scores on Army aptitude tests were so high that he was dispatched on government-financed programs to three universities, with his studies ranging from engineering to medicine.
After the war, Mr. Backus found his footing as a student at Columbia University and pursued an interest in mathematics, receiving his master’s degree in 1950. Shortly before he graduated, Mr. Backus wandered by the I.B.M. headquarters on Madison Avenue in New York, where one of its room-size electronic calculators was on display.
When a tour guide inquired, Mr. Backus mentioned that he was a graduate student in math; he was whisked upstairs and asked a series of questions Mr. Backus described as math “brain teasers.” It was an informal oral exam, with no recorded score. He was hired on the spot. As what? “As a programmer,” Mr. Backus replied, shrugging. “That was the way it was done in those days.”
Back then, there was no field of computer science, no courses or schools. The first written reference to “software” as a computer term, as something distinct from hardware, did not come until 1958.
In 1953, frustrated by his experience of “hand-to-hand combat with the machine,” Mr. Backus was eager to somehow simplify programming. He wrote a brief note to his superior, asking to be allowed to head a research project with that goal. “I figured there had to be a better way,” he said.
Mr. Backus got approval and began hiring, one by one, until the team reached 10. It was an eclectic bunch that included a crystallographer, a cryptographer, a chess wizard, an employee on loan from United Aircraft, a researcher from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a young woman who joined the project straight out of Vassar College.
“They took anyone who seemed to have an aptitude for problem-solving skills — bridge players, chess players, even women,” Lois Haibt, the Vassar graduate, recalled in an interview in 2000.
Mr. Backus, colleagues said, managed the research team with a light hand. The hours were long but informal. Snowball fights relieved lengthy days of work in winter. I.B.M. had a system of rigid yearly performance reviews, which Mr. Backus deemed ill-suited for his programmers, so he ignored it. “We were the hackers of those days,” Richard Goldberg, a member of the Fortran team, recalled in an interview in 2000.
After Fortran, Mr. Backus developed, with Peter Naur, a Danish computer scientist, a notation for describing the structure of programming languages, much like grammar for natural languages. It became known as Backus-Naur form. Later, Mr. Backus worked for years with a group at I.B.M. in an area called functional programming. The notion, Mr. Backus said, was to develop a system of programming that would focus more on describing the problem a person wanted the computer to solve and less on giving the computer step-by-step instructions. “That field owes a lot to John Backus and his early efforts to promote it,” said Alex Aiken, a former researcher at I.B.M. who is now a professor at Stanford University.
In addition to his daughter Karen, of New York, Mr. Backus is survived by another daughter, Paula Backus, of Ashland, Ore.; and a brother, Cecil Backus, of Easton, Md.
His second wife, Barbara Stannard, died in 2004. His first marriage, to Marjorie Jamison, ended in divorce.
It was Mr. Backus who set the tone for the Fortran team. Yet if the style was informal, the work was intense, a four-year venture with no guarantee of success and many small setbacks along the way.
Innovation, Mr. Backus said, was a constant process of trial and error. “You need the willingness to fail all the time,” he said. “You have to generate many ideas and then you have to work very hard only to discover that they don’t work. And you keep doing that over and over until you find one that does work.”
asphalt mixing plant, batch mix and continuous mobile asphalt mixing plants, 8 tons per hour brazil, brasilia, brunei, bandar seri begawan handbook of climate change mitigation and adaptation scribd is the world's largest social reading and publishing site.
100 tph hot mix asphalt plant indian make asphalt mixing plants a inc.nomad asphalt plants. nomad plants are available in three sizes, designed for maximum production capacities of 72, 118, or 159 metric tons per hour suppliers of 60 ton per hourbitumen mixing plant suppliers buy 60 ton per hour asphalt plant in china .. 180t per hour bitumen in philippines. ready mixed concrete mixing plant
As your baby outgrows their belongings, you can either keep the items or get rid of them. While many people choose the latter option, there's no sense in getting rid of these items if you know you'll want more children in the future. Some parents choose to keep a few boxes of baby clothes in their homes or garages, but furniture is a whole different ball game. Cribs, high chairs and other large baby equipment takes up a lot of space, so you won't want to keep it at home.
That's where self-storage solutions come in. Storing your baby's old belongings allows you to keep them for future use while maintaining a clutter-free home. Of course, if you want these items to be usable the next time your family grows, you need to store them carefully. Here's how to keep those baby furnishings in full working order for baby #2 and beyond.
The best way to preserve your baby's furnishings while they're in self storage is to make sure they're completely clean before your put them there. From spilled milk to dirty nappy residue, babies can leave a whole host of bacteria on furnishings. Over time, these bacteria will multiply and could start attacking your furnishings. Clean everything as thoroughly as possible with baby-safe disinfectant, then make sure it's 100% dry. If you allow any moisture into your self-storage unit, you're leaving your wooden and fabric items open to destructive mold and mildew formation.
One of the main reasons to dismantle furnishings is that it saves space, allowing you to opt for a smaller unit. It also has a second benefit -- it increases the longevity of your items. Many baby supplies are made from various materials. Cribs, for example, have a wooden frame and a soft mattress. Baby swings and high chairs often have plastic frames and fabric padding. The soft-good elements of these items need to be stored more carefully to prevent deterioration. Dismantle and wash items with soft, fabric components separately, then store the fabric in airtight plastic storage bins. This will keep them safe from moisture and pests. When dismantling furniture, remember that you'll need to put it back together again. If you don't have the original instructions, try to film yourself dismantling it and label each part to make reconstructing it easier.
If you want to get the most for your money, you'll need to make good use of the space you're paying for. Vertical space often goes unused in storage units. To avoid this, store all smaller items in stackable boxes that you can pile up. Ideally, you should store large, dismantled furniture in its original box so you can stack boxes on top of it. In addition, if you have baby items stored for a range of ages, make sure you put the items for young babies at the front of the storage unit. This will allow you to access them quickly and easily as and when you need them, without having to pull everything out of the unit.
Hello everybody. I'm Mindy the Supermum. Everybody calls me that because I have ten grown up children and thirteen grandchildren! When my children were growing up, I thought my life was full on, but nothing prepared me for the dramas that would occur when they started to leave home! To say that I am an expert at moving and storage would be an understatement. I have actually helped my children move a total of forty-seven times, including postings to six overseas countries. Sometimes I do wish they would stay in one place! I certainly know a lot more about the moving and storage than I did when my eldest left home. Over the years, I have streamlined the process and it is now relatively painless. If you are seeking moving and storage options, this might be the blog for you. Please browse and I hope the tips are helpful.
Here’s a tip for nonprofits planning to apply for tax exempt status: submit the application for exemption in 2009, before the fees increase.
The IRS has announced it is implementing an online application system known as Cyber Assistant in 2010. Once it’s launched, the application fees will change again and there will be a reduced fee for organizations applying via Cyber Assistant, regardless of size.
If you are waiting for Cyber Assistant to apply for 501(c)(3) status, consider that your exemption will not be retroactive to the date the organization was formed if it is filed more than 27 months later.
User fees will increase for all applications for exemption (Forms 1023, 1024, and 1028) postmarked after January 3, 2010:
A complete schedule of all user fees will be published in the annual procedure released in January 2010.
Cyber Assistant, a Web-based software program designed to help 501(c)(3) applicants prepare a complete and accurate Form 1023 application, will become available during 2010. Once the IRS announces the availability of Cyber Assistant, the user fees will change again:
• $850 for all other organizations not using Cyber Assistant (regardless of size) to prepare their Form 1023.
IRS will announce when Cyber Assistant is available and the effective date of the user fee change. Subscribe to the EO Update to automatically receive an alert that Cyber Assistant is available.
Lake Forest College has given me a rewarding three years experience. I made my decision to switch to Neuroscience knowing I am interested in psychology, biology, and the brain. As a research assistant in Professor Wentworth’s eye movement lab I familiarized myself on how tracking eye movements have to be used as a recovery tool and early detection of brain diseases. I am also honored to have known Professor Glassman with whom I also picked up an interest in electromyography. His openness, dedication, and shared interest in muscle movement and recovery is relevant to my career goal of becoming a Doctorate of Physical Therapy. Dr. Dohrmann and I worked out an internship at Pathways Center for children with cerebral palsy and I had the opportunity to work with PT’s and OT’s.
June 26, 2017 by cahayabola in Berita Bola | Comments Off on Zidane Pertahankan Varane Di Real Madrid
Education is the basic function of any university, however, it would be impossible to rank the quality of education due to the huge differences among the national systems.
Contribution to the national economic developmentis becoming increasingly important for universities, however, it is impossible to obtain internationally comparable indicators and data.
(sin embargo...) The academic or research performance of universities,a good indication of their reputation, can be ranked internationally.
(...) Many well-known institutions specialized in humanities and social sciences are ranked relatively low.
(...) Any ranking based on academic performance will be biased towards institutions in English-speaking countries.
(...) Disciplines not related to the awarding fields do not have a fair chance. Other important awards include Abel, Pulitzer, Turing, Tyler, etc.
(...) The weight of the Size indicator for per capita performance is rather low. Large institutions have relatively high positions in the ranking.
However, it’s very difficult to obtain internationally comparable data on the number of academic staff.
The types of academic staff: such as purely teaching staff, teaching and research staff, purely research staff.
The ranks of academic staff: such as professor, associate professor, reader, lecturer, research scientist etc.
As a public librarian, your very livelihood is based on patron curiosity. While inquiries about the desserts from ancient Mesopotamia and the definition of salubrious lead to objective answers, not all patron curiosities are so straightforward. One common question librarians get, much to their consternation: Why should patrons use the library when the Internet is faster? Here’s how to convince library guests to step away from the computer screen and shed some light on services that are offered solely at your library.
Although the Internet can provide snappy responses to quick inquires, patrons should never discount the knowledge offered by their local resource librarian. Many online sources will bring patrons to conflicting answers, broken links and altogether unreliable information. However, with just one visit to their local library, patrons gain access to thousands of publications (that have gone through a thorough editing process!) and the opportunity to sift through local records and archives they would otherwise pay a premium for online. And unlike on the Internet, library patrons have librarians acting as friendly guides to help them on their quest for knowledge. No longer do truth-seekers need to worry about combing through bad information as they research 19th-century poètes maudits with you around to help guide them to the best resources.
Between the cozy offerings of reading rooms and interactive makerspaces, the library isn’t just a place to get books: every time they enter, the library offers an experience patrons can make uniquely their own. It’s a place to relax, collaborate and learn—whether it’s to snuggle down in a comfortable chair to read the latest Dennis Lehane novel or discuss the yarn stores in the city at the Wednesday night knitting club.
Acting as the middle ground for young and old minds to come together, the library is a haven for families who have differing interests but want to do something together. Children’s activities and games are common to the library, giving parents the opportunity to spend time with family and the time to kick back, relax and even catch up on some reading. Makerspaces encourage patrons to turn off their computers and learn technology differently. While the Internet certainly offers valuable virtual spaces for people to hang out, none of them are as cozy (or as cool) as the library.
Learning a language can be challenging, especially for those who don’t know quite where to start. By offering a sufficient language learning solution at your library, patrons will not only have free access to the countries and cultures of their dreams, but they will also have a built-in support system unavailable to those who attempt to learn solely from the Internet. Language learning services that can be offered at your library are unique in that they have the capability for at-home learning, as well as connecting like minded patrons to practice their language skills and form study groups. With Mango’s language learning software, librarians can even be clued into which languages are the most popular and offer additional resources accordingly, providing patrons with a more integrated approach.
While the Internet is a useful tool, there’s nothing quite like stepping into a local library and uncovering that next great read or the inspiration to try something new. Read our whitepaper, “Why We (Will Always) Need Public Libraries” to read more about why the library is here to stay.
Lindsay Mullen is CEO of Prosper Strategies, working behind the scenes to support the Mango team's world of lovable language learning. A language aficionado herself, Lindsay oversees a team of marketers fluent in public relations, content development and strategy (and they speak some German, French, Spanish and Chinese as well.)
indoor home garage bike storage racks storing bicycle in solutions org rack lift,garage bicycle storage diy bike swivel wall mount rack the ceiling racks 4,garage bicycle storage rack 5 bike ideas to create appropriate place for bicycles indoor home racks,best garage bike storage rack bicycle diy 2 stand wall hanger used minimalist traditional room decoration for,indoor home garage bike storage racks pretty design ideas unique 4 rack lift,8 great garage bike storage products family handyman bicycle lift ceiling ideas,best bike storage garage in bicycle indoor home racks overhead hooks,garage bike storage hooks bicycle ceiling racks,garage bicycle storage ideas bike best rack lift,inexpensive garage bike storage solution girls bicycle ideas overhead ceiling racks.
garage door dealers calgary in nova scotia chi near me springs cost finest of,wayne dalton garage door dealers near me rochester ny get genie opener,clopay garage door dealers near me grand rapids mi 5 common questions for a dealer rochester ny,garage door dealers in london ontario doors allied overhead chamberlain chi near me rochester ny,genie garage door dealers near me calgary opener window inserts carriage style,wayne dalton garage door dealers near me genie grand rapids mi,garage door dealers near me liftmaster opener decoration ideas for spring chi doors calgary,chi garage doors dealers magnificent parts for neat of chamberlain door near me calgary genie opener,genie garage door dealers near me sales liftmaster chamberlain,chi garage door dealers near me doors from a plus in north central grand rapids mi nj.
Many universities have more than one commonly used names: such as Virginia Tech and Virginia Polytechnic and State University.
Some authors only write their departmental or institute names without mentioning their university names.
Affiliated institutions and research organizations: such as Ecole Polytechnique Montreal(affiliated to University of Montreal), CNRS Labs (affiliated to French universities).
Santa Clara-based WebEx makes applications that enable online group meetings and secure instant messaging.
''As collaboration in the workplace becomes increasingly important, companies are looking for rich communications tools to help them work more effectively and efficiently,'' said Charles H. Giancarlo, Cisco's chief development officer, said in a statement. ''The combination of Cisco and WebEx will deliver compelling solutions accelerating this next wave of business communications.''
Security is one of the AS/400’s strong points. The architecture of OS/400 makes it immune from the kind of malicious executable code which often spreads over the Net – viruses, worms and Trojan horses. The hackers who have caused havoc on Windows NT and Unix systems can’t do anything with the AS/400, even assuming they know it exists. Even on the Internet, there are no back doors into an AS/400: thanks to OS/400’s native security, every approach is blocked by user-level access control. In short, security worries can be left to the Windows crowd: AS/400 users don’t even need a security policy.
The first sentence of the previous paragraph is true: whether in the office or on the Net, OS/400 is preferable to almost any other operating system in security terms, and vastly preferable to Windows NT. Unfortunately, the rest of the paragraph contains three half-truths and a lie. The time to put your feet up and forget about security hasn’t yet come. The AS/400 is good, but it’s not quite that good.
The world of Windows is infested with ever more sophisticated viruses: blocks of code which attach themselves to other files when an infected file is executed or opened. Before there were viruses, Unix administrators were familiar with worms (programs which copy themselves when executed) and Trojan horses (programs which imitate normal functionality while carrying out other tasks). All of these are peculiarly difficult to achieve under OS/400.
However, ‘difficult’ doesn’t mean ‘impossible’. OS/400 is harder to fool than Unix (which in turn is more secure than Windows NT), but techniques for bypassing its internal security measures are known. (...). To create a Trojan horse program, for instance, a malicious programmer would only need access to the CRTCMD command and authority over a product library. If a command run from a product library calls a second command with an unqualified name, the system will look for the command in the product library. A command could thus be created in the product library with the same name as a system command. The duplicate command would run every time the command was invoked by a program running from the product library; when the command was run normally, the original version would be used.
Preventing this from happening is a simple matter of restricting access to CRTCMD and CHGCMD, and perhaps also ensuring that commands are called using fully qualified names. However, the risk is real. Even the creation of a worm or a virus for OS/400 cannot be entirely ruled out, although it would be orders of magnitude more difficult than doing the same thing under Unix.
It’s also possible for the AS/400 to store virus-infected PC documents and Domino documents containing macro viruses in the Integrated File System. The viruses will not be activated under OS/400, but they will be sent unchanged to Windows clients.
“Other than the default accounts that tend to use the same password as the username (which any admin worth the title will have changed), I would recommend [the AS/400] to anybody running a web server.” - ThePsyko (thepsyko@itookmyprozac.com), writing in newsgroup alt.hackers.malicious
The menace of hackers is often overstated; many security specialists regard most hackers as a nuisance rather than a serious threat to business. “If hackers do get into your system they’re more likely to want to use your machine time and storage space than steal your data. Mostly they’re joyriders rather than industrial spies,” says John Earl of PowerTech. Either way, to date hackers seem to have largely steered clear of the AS/400, as ThePsyko’s comment suggests. The web site http://www.attrition.org records 2,825 web sites ‘defaced’ by hackers between January and the end of July 2000. No attacks on AS/400 sites are recorded, compared with 1,831 sites running Windows NT, 476 running Linux and 416 running mainstream variants of Unix (including one AIX site).
However, this lack of attention in itself shouldn’t be seen as proving that the AS/400 is hackproof. “If you’re in business on the web, you aren’t exposing your system to a user here and a user there - you’re open to the world,” says IBM’s Carol Woodbury. “And you’re probably going to be attacked: there are some odd people out there who get their jollies from doing that kind of thing. Even if all your data is secure, your site could still be brought down by a denial of service attack (in which a web site is overloaded with dummy connection requests). That means lost business, the same as any other crash.”
Nor does the lack of information on successful hacks of the AS/400 mean that there have been no successful hacks. Information on IT security breaches is published by the Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT). However, as Woodbury told NEWS/400 in 1999, “We take a different tack than CERT does, which describes the problem and then says, ‘here are the patches.’ We just say, ‘here are the patches.’”. Security breaches are addressed by HIPER (High﷓Impact Pervasive) PTFs; the problem addressed by the PTF is described in one or two lines of laconic IBM tech-speak.
“OS/400 is a highly secure operating system,” says Earl. “Rochester really started taking security seriously with OS/400 V3R7, and since then they’ve done an outstanding job.” Login in to an AS/400 requires a valid user name and password; user passwords are encrypted and cannot be cracked. Once logged in, access to data is rigidly controlled by the operating system, which enforces object-level authorities and access rights. The problem is that, in practice, these two forms of access control are usually supplemented by a third, dating from the pre-V3R7 days when level 10 security was the default: the menu system, which steers users through a range of permissible actions. The more emphasis your applications place on the menu system, the more vulnerable you are to unauthorised activity.
Earl explains. “Most AS/400 applications have one user profile which owns all the objects used by the application, and one group profile for all users. That’s fine in itself; the problems start when those two are the same profile. That means that every user has access to everything: access is controlled by the menu system. The trouble is, if you’re accessing the AS/400 using FTP you won’t see those menus.”
FTP (File Transfer Protocol) is a standard protocol for transferring data over TCP/IP. It is implemented on the AS/400 as a ‘service’, a program which is started up at IPL, remains continually available in the background and can be invoked by a user session or an application program. There are three points at which control is transferred to and from FTP:
Each of these exit points represents a potential hole which needs to be plugged. The way to do this is with “exit programs”: dedicated programs, registered with WRKREGINF for use with a specific exit point, which handle the transfer of control to FTP, validating the username and the requests made. There are two reasons for taking exit programs seriously. Firstly, they give the administrator detailed, fine-grained control over FTP: programs can be written to restrict certain users to particular directories or functions, to reject login attempts from unknown IP addresses, or even to extend the capabilities of FTP by permitting controlled login by anonymous users (not permitted by the AS/400, but near-essential if you’re using FTP on a web site). Secondly, if you don’t implement an exit program somebody else may do it for you. An exit program receives parameters from the user, executes some code to process them, then passes a request to the - and that second step is open to abuse. The sample code printed in phrack would enable any hacker with access to the AS/400 to run system-level commands in the guise of an attempted FTP login: the log file would record a failed login by a user called CRTDTAARA, for instance, while in fact the system was running a CRTDTAARA command under another user name.
Increased levels of complexity within the organisation also create security exposures. “A firewall – a box which sits between your server and the Internet and vets Net traffic – is a good thing to have, but it’s only effective at a single point,” warns Ian Kilpatrick of Wick Hill. “Many companies have multiple user departments using Internet connections to link up directly with different business partners – suppliers, distributors, outsourcing agencies. Addressing the security implications of all those connections requires an understanding of the whole of the company’s business. The old AS/400 network model is dissolving within the company as well: with more and more interconnected systems, there are more and more security exposures. As intranets become more pervasive, we’re starting to see companies implementing departmental firewalls. It may sound like overkill, but who do you want to protect your payroll database from – the teenage hacker outside the organisation or the disaffected employee inside it?”
Even traditional AS/400 applications are now raising security issues. “People have an ERP application, and suddenly they’re not looking at green screens any more,” says Jan Juul of PentaSafe. “They support ODBC querying, they have web﷓based intranet interfaces, they have print jobs routed through PCs for WYSIWYG formatting. All of those leave back doors open into the AS/400.” ODBC and JDBC enable PC users to run SQL commands against DB2/400; Client Access and even DDM open up the AS/400 to external clients. Exit point programs can be implemented for all of these access points. “You can’t rely solely on OS/400 security,” says Andy Coates of R/Utility. “Users can easily bypass the menu and application program security by using a PC connection. The problem is becoming widespread with more power users in organisations using spreadsheets and so on. Users are becoming adept at accessing the data they require; quite often this gives them access to data they should not have access to.”
It’s also worth noting that, as the references to FTP and TCP/IP suggest, OS/400 itself has changed. “As the AS/400 has progressively moved further into the world of ‘open systems’ it’s become progressively less secure,” says Juul. Nor is this progression over yet. “Future releases of WebSphere on the AS/400 are going to be based on the open source web server Apache,” says Juul. “It won’t be a simple port of Apache to the AS/400: it will be an AS/400 web server, encapsulated within the operating system. But there is a high level of knowledge about Apache in the hacker community, and having an HTTP server based on Apache has to create some additional exposures.”
The AS/400’s days as a closed, departmental network server are gone - and its status as a proprietary island of secure information with it. “Security on the AS/400 is built on the model of an internal network where everyone knows who everyone is,” comments Juul. “The design doesn’t cater for unknown users.”
The good news is that, even on the Internet, the AS/400 is securable to a higher level than Windows NT or most variants of Unix. Ironically, the inflated fears which have encompassed the growth of e-business may have made it harder to consider how to address the real issues of security, on and off the Net. “Security isn’t that hard,” says Earl. “It just needs a bit of attention. The main thing is not to be scared of thinking about it. There are identifiable risks, and there are things you can do to minimise them: the point is to quantify the risk and the expenditure, and find the point at which the cost of taking precautions is more acceptable than the potential cost of the exposure.”
“The key requirement for information security policy is, simply, to have a policy,” says Kilpatrick. “A security policy worthy of the name needs to be detailed: ‘Don’t give away company secrets’ isn’t a policy. And it needs to be live. That means it’s up to date – those paragraphs about the secure disposal of typewriter ribbons can go – and it’s in force throughout the organisation: there’s no point formulating a security policy if it’s going to sit in a ring-binder on somebody’s shelf. Information security needs to be taken as seriously – and managed as formally – as physical security.” This point is echoed by Spencer Pratt of Internet security specialists Defcom. “As well as monitoring intrusion attempts, you need procedures for dealing with potential intrusions, including an escalation procedure. When do you talk to the press about a security breach and when do you try to keep it quiet? If your systems are hacked, do you want to prosecute or do you just want to make sure it doesn’t happen again?” Taking security seriously means treating it as an issue affecting the whole business.
So, what can you do? Focusing specifically on the AS/400, there are three main recommendations: deploy object﷓level security; limit non-AS/400 access; and implement a monitoring system.
The objective of this residency it to update an existing redbook that describes the installation, configuration, porting issues (of other PHP applications to the iSeries), performance tips, and known best practices. The goal is to add more hands-on information that has been learned from experience with the product: code examples, tips and techniques, troubleshooting information, etc.
The ITSO is conducting this residency to create a deliverable that uses Wiki technology, as it is used by sites such as Wikipedia. You can be a part of a leading-edge pilot on a new way of delivering quality technical documentation. This residency is open to customers, business partners and IBM employees.
Note that this is not a typical residency. You will be working from your own location, as your time permits. This residency is slated as a three-month project, but we do not expect that you will be working on this full time. We do, however, expect individuals who are involved in this project to make significant contributions to the Wiki. In addition, unlike a typical residency where we have only 3 to 6 residents, for this project, we are looking for a much larger number of authors - perhaps as many as 20 people - who can work part time on the project.
If you would like to participate in this project, please visit this link and register as a resident. Describe why you would like to take part, and what you feel you have to offer to the project.
Bergoust Engineers is a Consulting Engineering firm, licensed in several states,practicing Multi-Discipline Innovative Solution applications for HVAC, Mechanical and Electrical Engineering.
Any person on another’s land without permission of the owner is a trespasser. However, if a trespasser is openly and…
Any person on another’s land without permission of the owner is a trespasser. However, if neighbors or other persons are…
If a neighbor or other persons are using your property to access their land or other property it is possible…
Anton Pieete called out for a driver on his Facebook and since I had nothing planned, I agreed to drive him to and from Arnhem. He had to play there and his driver wanted to drink as well, so I had to be the sober one.
We drove there and got to a gig which was a disaster. There were about 30 people (including staff). Needless to say it was a tough party.
Since we don’t own a working television and get our news from the Internet, I am not completely caught up on the tornado in Oklahoma. I have seen the devastating pictures and the video of the woman reconnecting with her dog. (I loved that video even before the dog was found because the woman had such a “courage under fire” attitude about the tornado. She didn’t seem the least bit traumatized.) From the Facebook posts of friends, however, I understand the news coverage has been intense and thorough to the point of overwhelming people.
It seems we are still learning how best to cover disaster situations in the new social media era. Just because we can film someone right after a disaster and then transmit that information to the entire world immediately, should we? Maybe it depends on the situation.
When I heard about the tornado, I thought of our drive through Oklahoma 4 years ago and all the prairie land we saw there. I can’t imagine how terrifying it must be to see a huge tornado whip through all that open space.
I also feel confident that Oklahomans are about as tough as they come and will show us all how to be strong in the face of a sad event like this.
I hope we also take a moment to realize that something like this (whether a tornado, earthquake, tsunami, hurricane or other event) can happen to any of us and we should also use the experience in Oklahoma to learn.
FEMA and ready.gov have put out some great tips for people that share some lessons learned from their experience. Here are a few that I think bear repeating. We spend so much time worrying about how to prepare for a disaster and how to survive the disaster while it is occurring but not so much time thinking about how we will recover once the disaster is over.
1) Don’t tie up the telephone lines. Once you are safe, get in touch with your anxious family and friends to share the news that you are OK. If the cell phone or telephone networks are down or overloaded, remember that texting and Internet generally don’t get overwhelmed in the same way as the phone system. And if you can’t text, try sending an email, a Tweet or posting a status update on Facebook from a public computer if you are able. FEMA also promotes use of the Red Cross’ “Safe and Well” database. In a mass disaster, if you are in the affected area and are OK, the best thing you can do is probably list yourself in such a database so that emergency personnel will not waste time looking for you and can focus their efforts on others in need.
2) Don’t go home before it is safe to do so. In a disaster situation, I can only imagine how strong the pull is to go home and try to salvage what is left of your home. But even if you are worried about looting, damage from rain, items blowing away in the wind, etc. don’t risk your life and the lives of our first responders by putting yourself in a dangerous situation just for the sake of your stuff. FEMA warns that some of the dangers awaiting you are downed power lines, gas leaks and unsafe structures that could collapse at any time. When you do go home, inspect your home with a battery powered flashlight until you know it is safe to turn on the power, gas, etc.
3) Don’t be a fraud victim. Ask for identification from anyone who claims they are a federal or state official. Don’t give out your personal information unless you have this verification. You are in a vulnerable position and there are sadly too many people who could take advantage of you.
1) Don’t tie up the telephone lines. As a family member of an affected person, the best thing you can do is consolidate communications within the family so that you don’t tie up the telephone network in the disaster area where emergency responders need the phone lines! Establish a line of communication in your family so only a few people are calling in to the disaster area.
2) If you live near an area that has been hard hit, don’t immediately drive over to try to help out. Several disaster agencies are putting out this information. We all know that seconds count in some disasters and it is understandable that people want to help. In most cases, however, emergency personnel need to control the situation. If they need help, they know who to call. First responders need to be able to count and identify the victims without other random people mixed in. Untrained but well-meaning rescuers might also end up causing more problems than helping. There are also reprehensible individuals who want to take advantage of the victims and subject them to scams, loot their valuables or other “unhelpful” acts. If you just feel compelled to go to the disaster site, at least call ahead to the police non-emergency number to let them know you are coming and allow them to direct you to the area where your help is most needed.
3) Don’t send stuff, send money. It feels so much more personal to send blankets or food or clothes or stuffed animals to people who are hurting but we hear time and time again that all this “stuff” just gets in the way of helping. What is really needed is money to pay for hotel rooms or rental housing, money for medications or medical care for the uninsured, money for restaurant food or money for transportation to fly people home to relatives who can care for them. There are so many things that only money can provide in these situations. You may never know exactly where your dollars went but most likely they were well-spent and made a huge difference to someone.
For all of us, we can honor those affected by a disaster by allowing them to inspire us to work on our own preparedness, such as:
Having a contact list and emergency action plan, especially if you have children (or pets) to care for. Here is Ruly’s form and here is one from FEMA.
Post Archive Select Month December 2016 November 2016 July 2016 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 September 2015 June 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009
Letting the Truth Get in the Way of a 'Good' Story: Spectating Solo and Blast Theory's "Rider Spoke"
Sat, 21 Jan 2017 My tumblr dad asked me to snapchat fuck him gay porn movies and download video sex twink
Get My tumblr dad asked me to snapchat fuck him gay porn movies and download video sex twink tube video
Fri, 15 Apr 2016 Gay tumblr porn movies free galleries snapchat While everyone else is out to lunch,
Mon, 16 Nov 2015 3gp tumblr gay porn free download snapchat They worked themselves down, and Corey pulled
Get 3gp tumblr gay porn free download snapchat They worked themselves down, and Corey pulled tube video
Wed, 01 Mar 2017 Free tumblr downloads of men with snapchat big cocks and free gay porn he shit and gay
Get Free tumblr downloads of men with snapchat big cocks and free gay porn he shit and gay tube video
Mon, 14 Sep 2015 Free tumblr download emo teen gay snapchat movies His throat is briefly total of Deacon's
Get Free tumblr download emo teen gay snapchat movies His throat is briefly total of Deacon's tube video
Mon, 11 Jan 2016 Free tumblr download best gay film snapchat porn I have never had a finger or anything in
Get Free tumblr download best gay film snapchat porn I have never had a finger or anything in tube video
Thu, 13 Oct 2016 Free tumblr download of black gay snapchat porn A highly interesting flick was submitted
Get Free tumblr download of black gay snapchat porn A highly interesting flick was submitted tube video
Thu, 03 Mar 2016 School tumblr boys and teachers gays snapchat sex and porn movies Shared between the
Mon, 26 Sep 2016 Free tumblr school gay boys porn snapchat The 2 stunning twinks are in the classroom and
Get Free tumblr school gay boys porn snapchat The 2 stunning twinks are in the classroom and tube video
Thu, 02 Feb 2017 Free tumblr porn man suck his snapchat own big fat dick and porn movies gay teenager and
Get Free tumblr porn man suck his snapchat own big fat dick and porn movies gay teenager and tube video
Mon, 06 Feb 2017 Free tumblr gay cruising porn movies snapchat and movies of gay naked boys having sex and
Get Free tumblr gay cruising porn movies snapchat and movies of gay naked boys having sex and tube video
Thu, 05 Nov 2015 Free tumblr gay anal porn movies snapchat Although I was tapping for softly, the feeling
Get Free tumblr gay anal porn movies snapchat Although I was tapping for softly, the feeling tube video
Wed, 03 Feb 2016 Free tumblr boy to sex videos snapchat teen emo young boys porn movie I had both Mike and
Get Free tumblr boy to sex videos snapchat teen emo young boys porn movie I had both Mike and tube video
Sat, 23 Apr 2016 Free tumblr gay male doctor porn snapchat movies first time I kept on imagining how it
Sun, 29 May 2016 Free tumblr medical gay porn movies snapchat first time Tommie unclothes his clothes and
Get Free tumblr medical gay porn movies snapchat first time Tommie unclothes his clothes and tube video
Tue, 19 Jul 2016 Free tumblr twink gay porn movies snapchat and self fuck pix He certainly knows how to
Get Free tumblr twink gay porn movies snapchat and self fuck pix He certainly knows how to tube video
Tue, 29 Nov 2016 Free tumblr fat gay porn movies snapchat I wonder what he will say later on when he can't
Get Free tumblr fat gay porn movies snapchat I wonder what he will say later on when he can't tube video
Mon, 26 Dec 2016 Free tumblr skinny gay boys in snapchat underwear porn movie However, Scott continued but
Get Free tumblr skinny gay boys in snapchat underwear porn movie However, Scott continued but tube video
Sat, 31 Dec 2016 Free tumblr sexy gay porn movies snapchat to jack off to as the party was beginning
AUSTIN--Mar. 17--Private negotiations over telephone deregulation erupted into a public feud Thursday when an AT&T-led coalition of business and consumer groups unveiled a huge television ad campaign attacking Southwestern Bell Co.
The ads, which will run statewide for 10 days at a cost of over $1 million, say ``the Southwestern Bell monopoly is grabbing for more power - at our expense.''
Officials with AT&T and a coalition called the Alliance for Communications Choices said they decided to run the ads after negotiations between Bell, AT&T and newspaper publishers failed to produce an agreement.
They are arguing over a Texas bill that would open local telephone service to competition, freeze rates for four years and free regulated phone companies from state oversight on prices. Bell's opponents include groups that either want to compete with Bell and other local phone companies or hope to deliver news, entertainment and other services over phone lines.
``We got to a point where they remain intransigent on critical issues to competition,'' said Bill Magness, whose coalition of consumer groups, cable companies and potential phone company competitors is part of the Alliance for Communications Choices.
``I've been working this deal for a long time, all with the idea that we could work something out, but that's not their agenda,'' he said. ``We've got to respond to the picture they're painting of this.''
A spokesman for Bell said the negotiators had been making progress and said AT&T was the party that wouldn't budge.
``It's no secret that for some years AT&T has spent a lot of money on TV ads that question the honesty of its long-distance competitors,'' said Bell spokesman Glenn Smith. ``Now AT&T is attacking Southwestern Bell. What else is new?''
The private negotiations began last week, at the urging of Gov. George W. Bush, Lt. Gov. Bob Bullock and House Speaker J.E. ``Pete'' Laney, who told top executives to get together and try to work out a deal. The three state leaders also asked AT&T to refrain from running advertisements that could turn the private differences into a public fight.
But Vaughn Aldredge, a spokesman for AT&T, said the company felt it had to do something to arouse the public to a fight the company is losing at the bargaining table. Though he said Bell Chairman Ed Whitacre Jr. has made an honest effort to negotiate, Aldredge also said the changes offered during the talks do not go far enough.
``We've got a House hearing coming up Monday on a bill that we feel is very favorable to Bell and unfavorable to everyone else,'' he said.
Newspaper publishers, loosely aligned with the Alliance, said they have nothing to do with the advertising campaign. ``I don't know who's buying an ad,'' said Burl Osborne, publisher and editor of The Dallas Morning News. ``I know I ain't.''
``To be candid, I came out of the meeting yesterday thinking they had chopped two or three more branches out of the undergrowth, that they had solved some of the problems.'' he said. ``I thought that they were making headway.
``That's why this is something of a surprise to me,'' he said. The ads imply Bell is investing less in Texas than phone companies in other states and say the company has been investing its profits in France,
``Five years ago, Southwestern Bell promised us 21st century technology,'' the announcer says. ``They clearly didn't deliver. Now, they're making promises again. Stop the Bell monopoly.''
Bell's Smith said AT&T is being unreasonable. ``Their goal appears to be to stop Southwestern Bell from competing in the long-distance and cable business, but to allow them to use our network and our equipment to cherry-pick only the lucrative customers without regulation and without a commitment to invest a penny in Texas,'' he said.
``I believe that the group thought it might promote a more productive discussion at the table,'' he said. ``Progress, in their opinion, wasn't being made, and time was running out.'' END!I&3?HO-PHONE
This material is copyrighted and may not be republished without permission of the originating newspaper or wire service. NewsHound is a service of the San Jose Mercury News. For more information call 1-800-818-NEWS.
Searches over 1,700 arts and humanities journals, as well as selected items over 250 scientific and social sciences journals and allows the user to see what other articles have cited a chosen paper. Coverage: 1975-Present; Citations Only.
From Francis of Assisi to Gabriele d'Annunzio, from Giacomo da Lentini to Dino Campana, from Dante to Grazia Deledda, this resource contains complete texts from the beginnings of Italian literature to the early decades of the twentieth century. Includes more than 1,000 works of Italian literature by approximately 250 authors. Coverage: To early 1900's; contains primary sources. Some full text. Limit to 3 simultaneous users.
A multi-volume encyclopedia providing definitions and explanations of the key people, places, and events in ancient history. Full text.
Provides access to the Foreign Policy journal archive (1970-present), as well as recent online-only news content. Full Text.
Cultivated from a series of local history books, this collection provides historical images and texts that celebrate places and people in America. Users can explore a town's history or compare the histories of towns, cultures, ethnic groups, architectural features, and more. Coverage: Historic events from 1400-present, contains primary sources. Full text.
JSTOR’s Security Studies collection gathers academic and policy research on international and national security problems and foreign policy issues, encompassing perspectives from around the world. Includes scholarly, trade, and military journals as well as thousands of reports and policy briefs from more than 100 institutes. Coverage: Varies by title, contains primary sources. Full-text.
PhilPapers is an index of philosophy books and articles. It offers unique features such as real-time indexing of pre-prints, fine-grained classification by topic, email alerts, reading lists, advanced search functionality, and discussion forums. Coverage: varies. Some full-text.
An online U.S. national data and mapping tool and analytics platform with multidisciplinary applications. Provides data related to social sciences, urban studies, real estate and housing analysis, community and economic development, public administration, public health, policy and political science, education, business, economics, statistics, and geography, among others. Users can leverage U.S. data indicators to perform demographic and socioeconomic analysis, from a neighborhood census block group in many cases, up to a national level, as well as create custom regions, for their research and studies. Coverage Range: Varies, contains primary sources. Full-Text.
NOTE: Available to current Dickinson affiliates only. FIRST TIME USERS must register to search this database. Contact the Economics Liaison Librarian for information on how to register. A county-level hazard data set for the U.S. Covers natural hazards and perils including thunderstorms, hurricanes, floods, wildfires, tornados, flash floods, heavy rainfall, etc. Contains information on the date of an event, affected location (county and state) and the direct losses caused by the event (property and crop losses, injuries, and fatalities). Coverage: 1960-present, varies by data type. Full-Text.
Contains rare magazines by and for servicemen and women of all nations during the First World War. Includes over 1,500 periodicals written and illustrated by serving members of the armed forces and associated welfare organizations. Coverage: 1914 - 1919, contains primary sources. Full text.
Includes historic content for the leading women’s magazines Cosmopolitan, Essence, Seventeen, WIN News, and Woman's Day. Coverage: 1937 - 2005 (varies by publication), contains primary sources. Full Text.
Search the full text of this site. Results will link to pages containing your terms; results from subject page searches are automatically filtered by that subject.
Lecture halls, an enduring feature of higher education landscapes, are undergoing a spatial revolution. These materialize a pedagogic imaginary of technology-enhanced, student-centered learning. This article investigates the pedagogic performance of a contemporary lecture theater in regional Australia, presenting mixed-method data from a broader case study. Four design principles – learner-centricity, connectivity, flexibility, and affordances – organize the analysis, finding that spaces, technologies, staff, and students work in conjunction to perform a spectrum of teaching modes. In practice, staff pedagogic repertoires, spatial literacies, and teaching philosophies entangle in socio-spatial pedagogic relationships that facilitate, rather than dictate, student learning in lecturing spaces.
The task of the school library is to support the academic department by acquiring, organizing and disseminating information in support of EASA mission. More specifically is to provide reading, reference, research materials and other library services to the students, academic staff, non-academic staff and to a limited number of external users.
The Library has a rich collection of information resources in print format. These include over 5,000 volumes of books and bound periodicals, current journals, magazines and dailies. The Library maintains both open and closed access collections. Information resources are classified using the Dewey Decimal Classification Scheme which uses numbers. The Library is also a member of the KLISC Consortium and has subscribed to a vast collection of electronic books and journals.
The P. I. Nixon Medical Historical Library and the University Archives is open to lay and professional researchers by appointment from Monday through Friday 8:00 am – 4:30 pm, except on university holidays. The following procedures help preserve the material in the collections for future generations. Your understanding and cooperation is appreciated.
The P. I. Nixon Library Reading Room is reserved for those using materials from the Special Collections. Rare books and archives may not be checked out or removed from the Reading Room.
All patrons must register with the Special Collections staff and complete and sign a Research Agreement. Picture identification is required.
Special Collections materials may be used only under supervision of Special Collections staff, who will assist patrons in identifying material to be reviewed and who will retrieve requested material for patrons.
Library staff must be present in the Reading Room during the use of archival materials and rare books. Please notify Special Collections staff when you arrive and return materials to staff when you leave.
Appointments are required if specific materials are requested, staff need to know in advance as some materials are stored in remote locations. Call 210-567-2470 or email SpecialCollections@uthscsa.edu to make an appointment.
No bags, brief cases, purses, notebooks, folders, binders, coats, or other personal property are allowed in the Reading Room. These should be given to Special Collections staff for safe keeping and will be returned when materials are turned back in. Personal computers are permitted, but computer carrying cases must be placed with staff.
Use only pencil or personal computers for taking notes. No other writing implements or markers are allowed in the Reading Room during materials use. Do not mark materials in any way or fold pages.
Only loose sheets of paper are allowed in the Reading Room for note taking and will be provided by staff. PostIt NotesTM are not allowed. Patrons must present all material to Special Collections staff for checking prior to departure.
Food and drink are not allowed in the Reading Room except for special functions approved by the Library.
Unless special arrangements are made beforehand, no more than 2 books and/or 2 manuscript boxes will be retrieved at a time. No items will be retrieved after 4:00 pm.
Cameras are welcome, but flash photography is not allowed. Photography must be supervised by Special Collections staff and permission must be obtained for publication or reproduction of any Special Collections materials.
Archival materials and rare books must be handled with great care. Staff will monitor the use and handling of materials at all times. Proper handling guidelines include, but are not limited to:
Handle papers one at a time, using both hands for support, and stack papers carefully. Do not pick up a stack of papers and tap them on the table to straighten them. If a document is in fragile condition, please request assistance from a staff member.
Keep all items on the table while being used. Place nothing in the lap or propped against the table. Staff can provide book cradles or supports for better viewing of books.
Note regarding photocopying and digitization: Staff will digitize or photocopy a portion of text for patrons. Some materials cannot be copied due to their condition or other restrictions. Materials larger than 11” X 17” will not be photocopied. Photocopies or digitization may be ordered at the time of visit and should be ready within 24 hours. There is no charge for Health Science Center personnel. Non-UT Health Science Center users will be charged 25 cents per photocopy or $25.00 per picture digitized, collected in advance. Fees may be charged for digitization of other materials, depending on the purpose and the amount of materials requested.
Please note that access to the collections of the P. I. Nixon Medical Historical Library and the University Archives does not imply permission to copy, quote, publish, or otherwise make public use of any part of the collection. The researcher assumes the responsibility to secure such permissions, including permission from the UT Health Science Center Libraries, prior to use.
We just wanted to pass along a huge thanks to Berklee Pulse for including us in the BANDED project. We’ve spent the last six months or so being followed as we wrote, developed, received expert faculty coaching for, and premiered our three-song ballet-accompaniment piece “Faith in Free” in two spaces. We really want to thank them for including us in this project (which isn’t quite over yet!) and we really look forward to seeing the final documentary film that is in development. We were really excited to see the premiere of teaser footage from the shoots. We want to thank everyone involved with the project, particularly Linda Chase, who helped us explore our musical influences and ideas and helped a lot with the arrangement of the instrumental breakdown in “Faith in Free Part III.” We very much look forward to sharing more about this project as things progress!!!
On 10/6, we played the showcase show for this project and all of the bands involved (Zili Misik, Aloud, Ghost Box Orchestra, and Tumbleweed Company) premiered their works. We want to specifically thank our guest singers who helped us present FIF exactly how we wanted! As we are a library, we also let each of them take out one book from our stacks for an extended period. Here’s who they were and the books they chose!
While we didn’t film any of the night ourselves, here’s some video captured by Melodymatters on Youtube
In the meantime, don’t forget to check out the trailer for the showcase featuring a song by a very familiar band!
The Michael J. Epstein Memorial Library featured in BANDED documentary on collaborative songwriting | Sophia Cacciola & Michael J. Epstein says:
60 Seconds to Die 2 Anthology featuring “Poisoned” segment by Sophia and Michael coming soon!October 22, 2018
Look Away review and interview with Jason Isaacs, India Eisley, and Assaf Bernstein for Without Your HeadOctober 11, 2018
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 March 2005 December 2004 October 2004
Yes, simply print out the form, complete it and have guests place it on their vehicle's dashboard. Self-Issued Parking Permit
No. The Ash Street Cottages parking permit only allows residents to park on the restricted streets. Street sweeping restrictions are still in effect.
3. Does the 1-hour parking restriction on the east side of Walnut Ave apply to Ash Street Cottages residents?
Yes, the Ash Street Cottages parking permit do not exempt vehicles from the 1-hour parking restriction.
No, the parking permit stickers are for residents only. Guest can utilize the Self-Issued Parking Permit
There are a number of ways that information about city activities is routinely distributed into the community, such as this website and the bi-monthly Brea Line newsletter. Plus, press releases and social media posts are used along with printed flyers, postcards, posters and more which can be found at various civic locations. Residents are always encouraged to call or send a message through the "Tell Us" option on this website. Here are key information points.
City of Brea offices often receive calls seeking a variety of services. Although many of these requests are not actually for city operations, this collection of phone numbers is offered as a helpful courtesy.
A business license is required of all businesses operating within the city limits, including home based operations and temporary activities or contractors with offices outside the City, but who are doing a project in Brea. Rates vary according to the type of business.
A business license tax is an annual non-regulatory licensing fee levied by individual California cities and counties for the privilege of conducting business within a particular city or county jurisdiction. Business license fees are due and payable prior to commencing business within a particular city or county.
The fees assessed are intended to raise revenue for the general operating requirements of individual cities and counties. The City of Brea business license revenue is used to pay for police, fire, and safety expenses as well as other general operating costs of the city.
Please see the link to the FAQ page located in the position information under current job openings.
2. Where can I find the Financial Hardship Fee Waiver for the City of Brea and City of Fullerton Joint Fire Department Recruitment?
The City of Brea only accepts applications for positions that are advertised as open. Applications are not accepted unless the position is open.
There are several ways you can stay on top of available positions. We recommend that you create a profile with our new online employment application program. The easy-to-use system allows you to review job descriptions and requirements, see a current list of jobs, apply for a position and track the application process. If you are interested in a job that is not currently open, you can also complete an online interest card and you will be notified by email.
Additionally, when a position becomes available, the City of Brea Human Resources division issues an announcement for the position, known as a “Career Opportunity Bulletin.” The bulletin contains the salary range, information on the position, the application and selection process, examples of duties and essential qualifications, including education, experience and applicable licenses and certificates. You may visit the Human Resources division to review the current bulletins. For certain positions, the City of Brea may also advertise available positions in local newspapers or industry trade publications.
To submit an online employment application, go to the online application system, create an account of login and follow the directions provided on the website. Brea's online application system is user friendly and the most efficient way to apply for a job and stay informed regarding available positions.
Computer access is also available at the public kiosk located on the third floor main reception area at the Brea Civic & Cultural Center.
--In order for your application to receive the full consideration it deserves, it is very important that you fill out the printed or online application completely even if you choose to include a resume. Do not simply state "See Resume" when asked to describe your responsibilities and experience. Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of information you provide on the application itself. Your resume will only be reviewed for clarification purposes.
--Occasionally, a completed supplemental questionnaire will be required along with the employment application. The supplemental questionnaire focuses on the key responsibilities of the position for which you are applying, and allows you to elaborate on your previous experience in areas of particular relevance to the job. Make sure you fully complete this important addendum to the application.
--When applying on-line please make sure your application is received in the Human Resources division by the filing deadline. Postmarks, emails, facsimiles and hand delivieries cannot be accepted.
When this deadline-free approach is indicated on the Career Opportunity Bulletin or in the online posting, it means that the position will close without notice once a sufficient number of applications from qualified individuals have been received. Call the Human Resources division to confirm that the position has not closed. Or simply check availability via the online application system.
You should immediately notify the Human Resources division of your change. If we are unable to contact you because you have moved or changed your phone number without our knowledge, your name may be withdrawn from further consideration. If you have an online profile; after notifying the City of any changes, be sure to go to your online profile and update that information for future use. The City will not be responsible for updating online profiles.
9. If I have previously completed an application, will I be automatically considered for other positions?
You must submit a separate application for each position in which you are interested in applying. Your application is evaluated on how well your training and experience match the particular position for which you are applying. A "master" application might not do you justice in every case, and it may be to your benefit to tailor your application to highlight the skills you possess that are most suited to the position you are applying for. Once you have applied online, modify and resubmitting your application for another position is a simple procedure.
You will receive an email notification on the status of your application as quickly as possible, after the filing deadline. Each application is given careful review and consideration. Recruitments that generate a large interest may take longer to process.
The selection process is designed by the Hiring Department and the Human Resources division when the position opens. Each Career Opportunity Bulletin will, or online posting contains a description of the selection process that will be used for that specific open position. The final outcome of the selection process (whether it involves an application screening or a multiple-step testing process),results in a list of qualified candidates (called an Employment Eligibility List) for consideration by the Hiring Department. The Hiring Department is free to contact anyone on the Employment Eligibility List for a second interview.
Before any decision is made regarding who should be invited to a test, each application is carefully reviewed based upon the requirements of the position. Only those candidates whose experience and training most closely match the City's requirements for the position will be invited to take part in the competitive testing process. If you receive notice that you are not among the highest qualified candidates, do not be discouraged. Sometimes the competition is pretty tough! We encourage you to try again in the future should a position become available.
You will be notified of your test results as soon as possible by email within two weeks. If you have successfully passed the written or practical examination, you may be invited to the next phase of the recruitment process.
Preparation is key. Don’t walk into the interview not knowing much about the position or the City of Brea. Be certain that you know where and when to report and the position for which you are being considered. Make sure you are on time, or early for the interview. This is important if you have applied for more than one position. Be sure to obtain the name and telephone number of the person who contacted you for the interview, or save the email if the arrangements were made by email.
Generally, the interview is conducted by an oral board made up of three panellists. Often the panellists will come from different departments, and/or outside agencies. During your interview, you will be asked several structured and situational questions to help the panellists understand your education and work experience as it relates to the position.
You will be notified by email within two weeks of the results of your interview. If you have been successful, your name will be placed on an Employment Eligibility List for the position. The City of Brea maintains full list certification, which means that the names of eligible candidates are placed on the Employment Eligibility List in alphabetical order. The Eligibility List is then sent to the Hiring Department. The Hiring Department may conduct second interviews and hire anyone from the Eligibility List. The Hiring Department is not bound to consider candidates in score or rank order. The Eligibility List for the job classification will remain in effect for a specified period of time, usually one year for Full-Time positions. Future vacancies may be filled from the Eligibility List on a City-wide basis.
Typically, the Human Resources division is not involved in the final selection decision. The City's objective is to hire the best person for the position. The Human Resources division recruits, screens, and tests applicants based upon requirements for the position in order to create a pool of eligible candidates for consideration. The supervisors or managers in the hiring department review this pool of candidates, evaluate each candidate's qualification for the particular job, and make a job offer.
A fee has been approved for implementation of a comprehensive stormwater program in accordance with NPDES (National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System) permit requirements. This is a federally mandated program for which Brea has almost $326,000 of annual projected costs. Again, investment in a sound local program protects Brea from severe consequences and stiff fines that would result should a permit violation occur.
A flat rate is proposed of $1.88 per month for single family homes and $0.87 for multifamily units. Commercial entities would pay more in proportion to their operation. The fee model recovers costs of adopting required BMPs (best management practices) and conducting inspections for construction, industrial, and commercial sites, plus engaging in required public education.
Capital improvement projects over the next 15 years, with estimated costs over $19 million, will address identified capacity and condition deficiencies. Responsible planning insures good service to customers will continue and that Brea can “pay as it goes.” Projects would only be undertaken as sufficient funds are collected to cover costs. This is preferable to using bonds, which generate long-term debt, as an ongoing funding mechanism to accomplish these needed projects.
Several high priority projects include replacement and up sizing of sewer mains along Brea Creek Channel and areas south of Imperial Highway. These projects are expected to be completed within the first five years after adoption of new rates.
The City of Brea does not allow picnic areas to be reserved in advance. Picnic areas can be utilized on a first come-first-serve basis.
Lights are only available for Brea based non-profit user groups who pay an annual maintenance operations fee.
To do this, all parks are inspected frequently for damage, cleanliness and other safety issues. If you notice something amiss call (714) 990-7691 to report the problem, or if you see a parks worker nearby, let him know.
Each type of city-owned parkway tree has been assigned a trimming schedule. This is every three years for all trees except palm trees. The palm trees are trimmed on a yearly schedule. Based on this schedule, the City of Brea contracts with a vendor to trim the trees. If you believe your tree needs trimming now, call 714-990-7691 to make a request.
Parking on all city streets is restricted to 30 minutes between the hours of 2-6 a.m. Residents without adequate on-site parking (garage, carport, or driveway) can apply for an annual parking permit at the Community Development Department on the third floor of the Brea Civic and Cultural Center. View qualification information or get an application under Community Development section in this website. Look for the selection "Street Parking Permits." There is also an online temporary, self-issued permit there. for questions, call 714-671-4406.
The City of Brea maintains a hotline for the reporting of graffiti. It is available 24 hours per day. Call (714) 671-4465 to make a recorded report.
The City of Brea contracts with the County of Orange for animal control services. Dead animals can be reported by calling Animal Control at (714) 935-6848.
The Community Services Department maintains a hotline that announces field open or closed conditions. The hotline can be reached by dialing (714) 671-4437.
If you notice debris, damage, or unsightly temporary signs (many of which are illegal, by the way) in parks or public spaces, such as city buildings and medians, please call Public Works at 714 990-7691 to report it. These will be removed.
A parked car was blocking the area. Street sweepers take up to two car lengths, before and after parked vehicles, to swing out and around a parked car. The City of Brea has a general parking ordinance regarding parking on street sweeping days and tickets can be issued to vehicles illegally parked in the sweeper's path.
Contact the Public Works Department at 714-990-7691 with questions about street sweeping days and rules.
Call the Public Works Department at (714) 990-7691 to report a pothole. The Department attempts to be proactive in repairing potholes, but your help is needed in finding all of them. The department will dispatch a repair crew to the site and make needed repairs, except for Valencia Avenue, Carbon Canyon Road and Imperial Highway, all of which are repaired by CalTrans.
If a traffic signal light within the City of Brea is not functioning, call Public Works at (714) 990-7691 during normal business hours. If after hours or on weekends, call Brea police dispatch at (714) 990-7911. For those signals on Imperial Highway, CalTrans will be the responsible agency.
The Curtis Theatre is located at the Brea Civic & Cultural Center which is on the corner of Birch St & Randolph Ave. You can find us on the Plaza level.
We're across the street from the Brea Marketplace shopping center and to the north side of the Brea Mall.
You can find free underground parking via Civic Center, located between the Brea Civic & Cultural Center & Embassy Suites
Once you park, take the elevator up to the Plaza Level 1 & look for the Curtis Theatre & enjoy the show!
Oftentimes water usage increases due to a leaky faucet or toilet. If you cannot pinpoint a leak, call 714-990-7691 and schedule free leak detection from the Water Division. A courteous, knowledgeable representative will come to your residence and perform a check to help you find a leak. Also, at your request, the city can provide a free conservation kit, which includes a shower head flow tester, a new flapper for the toilet tank, a water gauge to check lawn sprinklers, and wildflower seeds.
The homeowner is responsible for all water leaks after the water meter and inside the house. The water meter is generally located in the parkway in front of the property. Public Works will assist you in turning off the water at the meter in order to allow you or your plumber to do repairs. Call 714-990-7691 to schedule this service. If you cannot pinpoint a leak, call to schedule free leak detection from the Water Division.
Brea purchases water from two suppliers. One is the Metropolitan Water District, which is surface water from the Colorado River and the California Water Project. The second is Cal Domestic Water Company, which is pumped from wells in the San Gabriel Valley. These two waters are blended to provide the water you get from the tap.
Each year the city publishes a consumer confidence report detailing the levels of minerals found in the water. A copy is sent out to each water customer. Specific questions can be answered by the water supervisor by calling 714-990-7691.
If you have Acrobat Reader, you may open a a .PDF format of the Pavilion Rates form by using this link.
Time Certain: Time certain designates a definite time for the start time of that item. The time certain item may NOT begin earlier than the designated time certain. It may begin later than the designated time, but not earlier.
Mayor’s statement: “To avoid meeting disruptions, please place cell phones in the silent mode or turn them off during the meeting. All meetings are recorded. When addressing the Council please state your name and speak clearly into the microphone. Thank you for your understanding.”
Public comment is limited to five (5) minutes per person however, the Mayor has discretion to limit public input that is not at the beginning or the end to a lesser time. Items not agendized for this meeting cannot be acted upon other than to place them on future agendas. Public input is prohibited regarding comments, which are not relevant to, or within the authority of, the public body, or if the content of the comments is willfully disruptive of the meeting by being irrelevant, repetitious, slanderous, offensive, inflammatory, irrational or amounting to personal attacks or interfering, with the rights of other speakers.
(PLEASE NOTE: All matters listed under the consent agenda are considered routine, and may be acted upon by the Council members in one motion, and without an extensive hearing. Any member of the Council may request that an item be taken from the consent agenda, discussed, and acted upon separately during this meeting.)
Possible Action to award a Contract for Construction for the FY 17/18 PMP Maintenance Project, to Sierra Nevada Construction, Inc. (SNC), in an amount not to exceed $391,137.38, plus a 5% contingency of $19,550.00.
REPORTS This item is for various public entity representatives to provide general information to the Council and public. No action will be taken.
Reports by City Staff, City Council and the Mayor, including but not limited to monthly statistical reports by city departments.
First Reading, consideration and possible action to introduce Bill # 266, an Ordinance on a zoning map amendment request from Sonterra Development Company LLC to change the zoning from C-2 (General Commercial) and M-1 (General Industrial) to only M-1 on a site comprised of two parcels totaling 653.54 acres in size generally located east of Nevada Pacific Parkway and south of Interstate 80, Fernley, NV. (APN(s): 021-211-05 & 021-242-16)
Discussion and possible action to request a future agenda item regarding a presentation from the city engineer, public works director, and the building director on mass grading and earth work describing their desired construction procedures. (Councilman Lau's request)
Public comment is limited to five (5) minutes per person however, the Mayor has discretion to limit public input that is not at the beginning or the end to a lesser time. Items not agendized for this meeting cannot be acted upon other than to place them on future agendas. Public input is prohibited regarding comments, which are not relevant to, or​ within the authority of, the public body, or if the content of the comments is willfully disruptive of the meeting by being irrelevant, repetitious, slanderous, offensive, inflammatory, irrational or amounting to personal attacks or interfering, with the rights of other speakers.
This notice and agenda is being posted before 9:00 a.m., 4/27/2018 in accordance with NRS 241.020 at the following locations: www.cityoffernley.org, https://notice.nv.gov; North Lyon County Fire Protection District, 195 E Main Street; Senior Citizen’s Center, 1170 W. Newlands Drive; Fernley Post Office 315 E Main Street; and Fernley City Hall, 595 Silver Lace Blvd. To obtain supporting material for this agenda please visit the City of Fernley website at www.cityoffernley.org or contact Kim Swanson, City Clerk, inside City Hall at 595 Silver Lace Blvd, Fernley, NV 89408, email cityclerk@cityoffernley.org or call (775) 784-9830. Notice to persons with disabilities: Members of the public who are disabled and require special assistance or accommodations at the meeting are requested to notify Fernley City Hall, at least 24 hours in advance at (775) 784-9830 or email cityclerk@cityoffernley.org
All times are approximate and/or tentative. You should always check with a particular course for exact events and times.
Flutter , a gesture-recognition software for PCs, uses the webcam in devices such as laptop to internet gestures and perform actions on the device without the user touching the keyboard , mouse or touch pad.
A wireless desk keyboard that will connect to your Computer, Tablet and smartphone There was a time when hardware keyboards dominat...
I have seen many People Seeking Facebook Hack..What do You Think Does it really worth it or NOT. You must have come along many webs...
Most of you use torrents for downloading MOVIES etc. But it eats yours surfing speed and make it irritating. So use this method to down...
Bittorrent is a great technology for downloading large files, especially video files. It’s so good, in fact, that many ISPs estimate that ...
©2011-12 Facts Blogs n Everything.All Rights Reserved.Reproduction without permission is prohibited. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
If you believe that any copyright infringement exists on this Website, please send us an Email along with the URL. It would be dealt with utmost care. We want to be as fair as we can.
Put on your caps and be ready to party the night away with music entertainment from various DJs, performing artists and lots of food stalls to keep you refreshed. Don`t miss out.
People in relationships, whether romantic, professional or other sometimes lose each other in translation. This could be because of many underlying issues. Felix Hlophe takes advantage of these as he aims to highlight them and attempts to teach people to be more understanding and tolerant of each ot…
Nov 2018 Dec 2018 Jan 2019 Feb 2019 Mar 2019 Apr 2019 May 2019 Jun 2019 Jul 2019 Aug 2019 Sep 2019 Oct 2019 Nov 2019 Dec 2019 Dec 2020
Write to me asking if they can connect to all kinds of reasons that a man does not want.Obviously i know that no matter the genre is described as the best sex of your life, but what happened in the past.In 1386 the archbishop, Antonio da Saluzzo, began the new project in a rayonnant Late Gothic style that is more characteristic of France than Italy. The main spire was topped in 1762 with a polychrome statue of the Madonna, to whom the Duomo and its predecessor have always been dedicated.Even now, some uncarved blocks remain to be turned into sculpture.Note: although our office is terminal in the port of new and new york state department of site christian dating the ministry and a lot of love.While site gothic christian some of my female friends do not have a high value.
Clubs, are site gothic dating just regular people who work during the day as well around my neighborhood in case someone suggested they might want to date outside.There are a number of options within Native American Passions to help connect members, including the following: Native American ‘Groups’ allow members to find others who share very specific interests / similarities.Native American Forums allow members to post on topics of interest.I am a 46 year old psychiatric nurse and I have recently become a manager. I like watching live bands,bellydancing, horror movies and listening to rock music.
NAIROBI, (CAJ News) – THOUSANDS of smallholder farmers in the region are set to benefit from a digital platform connecting them to agents, buyers and banks in East Africa.
Launched by Mastercard, 2KUZE, as the platform is known, is the latest offering in the region hailed as the cradle of African technology innovation.
2KUZE, which in Swahili means “Let’s grow together,” enables farmers to buy, sell and receive payments for agricultural goods via their feature phones.
The platform launched at the Mastercard Lab for Financial Inclusion in Nairobi brings the benefits and security of mobile commerce and payments to farmers in Kenya, Uganda and Tanzania.
Through an $11 million grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the lab is working with East African entrepreneurs, governments and other stakeholders to develop local products rooted in the company’s global knowhow.
In the initial pilot, 2KUZE is being launched in partnership with Cafédirect Producers Foundation, a non-profit organization working with 300 000 smallholder farmers globally.
Currently, 2 000 small-scale farmers in Nandi Hills, Kenya are currently using the solution to sell their produce and working with farmer-friendly agents to ensure they reach the right buyers for the best price.
Daniel Monehin, Division President for Sub-Saharan Africa and head of financial inclusion for International Markets at Mastercard, says 80 percent off farmers in Africa are classified as smallholder farmers having less than 1-2 acres of farming land, making it difficult to drive growth and prosperity within this community.
“We believe that by using mobile, a technology that is so ubiquitous among farmers in Africa, we can improve financial access, bring in operational efficiency and facilitate faster payments. The collaboration between the Lab team and farmers in the market helped to deliver a solution that can be implemented and make an impact without any major changes to the day-to-day.”
2KUZE makes transacting much safer and simpler for all stakeholders in the agricultural supply chain – the farmer, the buyer and the agent. Farmers using 2KUZE can conduct the entire transaction of selling produce and receiving payments via their feature phones, without having to walk for hours to the markets.
This enables farmers to capture a greater percentage of the wholesale value of their goods by providing price transparency, more direct access to buyers and empowerment of farmer-friendly agents.
This solution in particular supports women farmers, who often have household duties that prevent them from leaving the farm gate and are more often subject to having to take whatever deal is given to them on the day.
It is one of several broad-based collaborations on which the Mastercard Lab, established to contribute to the company’s global commitment to connect 500 million people to formal financial services through the use of public-private partnerships with governments, the private sector and non-governmental organisations.
Posted by editor on Jan 17 2017. Filed under Africa & World, Broadband, Featured, Finance, Mobile money, National, News, Regional, Technology. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry
All material © CAJ News Africa. Material may not be published or reproduced in any form without prior written permission.
Payout limit: $2.00 for the 1st payment! This amount will increase by $1.00 for each cashout until it reaches a fixed minimum amount of $10.00
The first thing you should do after your login is to check the “View Ads”-Page. The ads have different colors at Neobux and depending on the color different pay and length of stay. The payout per viewed advertisement ranges from $0.001 to $0.02. In addition to the fixed pay per click you will also receive a bonus pack consisting of 3 Adprize opportunities, 1 NeoPoint & the chance to win one of 100 cash prizes (worth $0.50 each) for every single advertisement you got paid at Neobux. You can only be credited by the same advertisement once each 24 hours. This depends on your reset time shown at the top of your “View Ads” Page. This means that after that time, another period of 24 hours will count so that you can be credited by viewing the advertisements. Your reset time is set randomly upon registration and cannot be modified under any circumstances.
Clicked all available advertisements? Then have a look at the bottom of the “View Ads”-Page, there is a green button with timer and number located. This button is called “Adprize”, which allows you to win money or other prizes by viewing more advertisements. Once you have clicked an regular advertisement, you will get 3 so-called “Adprize opportunities” (as mentioned above) and 90 minutes to click them. With a bit of luck you can win one ore more of the following prizes:
With a bit of luck and many Adprize clicks there are huge prizes possible. Stay tuned and be active every day, your profits will come, guaranteed!
To not miss any advertisements and always be informed as soon as a new advertisement is available Neobux provides their members a browser toolbar called “Adalert”. This toolbar can be downloaded here with just a click, Safari, Chrome, FireFox, IExplorer, and Opera are supported.
Tasks are small jobs like “Searching websites via Google, Bing or Yahoo…”, “Check Adress Information on Websites”, “Describing or Compare images” and so on. Depending on the amount of work you will be rewarded $0,01 upwards. The mini-jobs / tasks are provided by the external providers Croudflower. If you check the tab “Offers” –> “Mini Jobs” the first time at Neobux you have to register for Crowdflower with your name, eMail & password. This ensures that Neobux can match your merits of the tasks correctly and credit the dollars directly to your Neobux balance.
With NeoCoins you are able to earn a lot of money at Neobux. In contrast to ClixSense: NeoCoins will be credited 30 days after accepting the offers, but you have the opportunity to earn significantly more for a comparable offer. Its your decision how much a coin will be worth in the end. The following exchange model is available at Neobux:
The second internal currency at Neobux is called Neopoints. For each clicked advertisement you will automatically receive 1 Neopoint (as mentioned above), on the other hand you can earn more Neopoints by completing offers via “SuperSonic Offerwall” (accessible via navigation Offers -> NeoPoints). In contrast to the NeoCoins the Neopoints cannot be exchanged in dollars, but with a balance of 30000 Points you can exchange the points into a “Golden Membership Upgrade”. As a gold member of Neobux the following improved features and benefits are available:
As you can see in the screenshot above, golden members significantly earn more money for clicking on ads. Now you have access to 9 orange-colored “Fixed Ads” with a value of $0.01 instead $0.001, which is value increase by 1000% in contrast to the value of the same ads for standard users. You also get a bonus of 24% on every dollar you earn with mini-jobs/tasks.
Alan Durk	 It is so convenient to buy through the site, there are many convenient mechanisms to place an order. ...
Michael Tucker, Stanford	 Your group is the most professional of any online pharmacy that I have ever done business. Looking forward ...
Geoffrey, Rolling Meadows	 My apologies. I did not know the items were sent separately. I received the second envelope yesterday. ...
Best Communications—the Prague PR agency— supported Ben & Jerry’s and a number of global NGOs with the launch of a new campaign on the Czech market called “Better Conditions for Dairy Cows,” which was introduced on an European scale with the objective of proposing new legislation in the EU regarding the treatment of dairy cows. In order to increase awareness among Czech people about their living conditions and to collect as many signatures as possible for a petition supporting the new legislation, two large events were organized in the city centre of Prague: a cow demonstration and cows dancing for the public. Both events connected the global message to a playful atmosphere and provoked discussion and generated a significant buzz around the Ben & Jerry’s band; in addition, the famous Czech actress, Alice Bendová participated in the event, all in all securing hundreds of signatures for the petition.
Together, the events generated extensive coverage across the entire media spectrum: dailies, TV stations, and lifestyle media, resulting in over 60 outputs.
Seem to have been shooting a lot of wedding cars recently. What’s coming up next. DeLorean?#jaguar#astonmartin#db10#projectzero#weddingcars
Back from a recent trip to Iceland reminded me of the last time I was there with a Disco Sport in 2014. Still no Northern lights. #landrover #discoverysport #iceland #coldtothebone
Think the eyebrows say it all. David Beckham editing my pictures of him after the shoot. Some got through. #sweatypalms #davidbeckham #parismotorshow
Charlie is an exceptionally experienced freelance photographer, who specialises in all aspects of automotive photography for editorial and corporate clients. Equally at home half way up a mountain, in an urban location, or the studio, he delivers highly professional images, including stills and video productions.
The patient presented with multiple dysmorphic features, and was receiving integral rehabilitation...
I was off in Atheist News, minding my own business, when I saw an ad show up that made my brain go into overdrive. It was paid for by something called the Susan B. Anthony List, but its stated goal was to "advance, mobilize, and represent pro-life women".
Ok, I suppose that Susan B. Anthony could be a heroine to the likes of Michelle Bachmann. It's certainly never been the context I remember Susan B. Anthony. I came of voting age when conservative women like Michelle Bachmann were harassing my mother for being pro-ERA. They felt that my mother was taking a job away from a man, and had been made to believe that they would have to share public restrooms with men. I can remember the public restrooms non-issue being the main reason these women were against the ERA.
I'm not sure who they thought was going to support four children if not my mother... two of us had lost our father when we were both under five. My other two siblings' sperm donor was a recently divorced asshole who didn't pay his child support.
So, that these right-wing, religious women have co-opted Susan B. Anthony, who never made her opinion on abortion known, makes me angry. The historical record points to the fact that she would be against the government regulating a woman's body.
Republicans use an extreme version of Madison Avenue techniques. Yell something loud enough and non stop and people will believe it. Use familiar catch phrases and names to have something resonate. I totally agree that these same people were against any rights progress for anyone, including gender and ethnic based rights, every step of the way. A couple of decades ago Bachmann wouldn't have been elected or even run for the very reasons you describe. Phyllis Schlafly made a career going around saying women shouldn't have a career or any job. The same bunch were racist and anti Semitic and hated everyone and now wave Hitler to resonate against the people working towards a fairer world. The good news is probably that hardly any of them have a clue who SB Anthony was. The bad news is they'd reject any real explanation from someone trying to bring a dose of reality into a discussion.
On the issue of "You're taking a job away from a man"... Saw a film in my cultural anthropology class several weeks ago about a highway construction project in L.A. that integrated an apprenticeship program for women. This was late 80s/early 90s, and even then, the pressure on women going into construction was that they're taking good jobs away from men that need them.
An interview with one woman struck me; that she felt a bit guilty on this basis. But eventually reconciled with herself saying, "Hang on; I'm a single mom. Doesn't that make me the breadwinner of the household? Aren't I just as entitled as a man to provide for my family?"
Illustrates just how deep that stereotype goes; that women aren't as entitled as men to make the same wage. The whole program in fact came about as the highway project was going to displace a lot of people from low-income housing; a housing project mostly occupied by single women, many with children. The community protested that this project would force them out and does not, as advertised, bring jobs to this specific community because the jobs are all male-dominated.
In the end, the women proved - shockingly - just as capable of swinging a hammer or a nail gun or a welding torch as any guy. And most of their stories were the same: Father of the children left, isn't giving child support. I watched that film really thinking back to the ERA days of the 70s!
There was a piece on Sixty Minutes a while back where they interviewed women doing traditionally male jobs. One carpenter was making many times over what she made as a nursing assistant and pointed out that nobody questioned whether her old job, which included changing adult diapers and lifting adults, was too dirty or required more strength than she had but she got asked that a lot about carpentry.
This reminded me of a situation one of my classmates had during the summer theatre at my university. She was working as stage/construction crew (a job she had held all through the previous school year) and the faculty supervisor constantly checked her work, but didn't feel the need to do the same for the male student who had just started that summer.
Marvin Gaye : behind the legend, Eagle Vision ; produced and directed by Martin Baker, (videorecording)
Shining soul : Helen Keller's spiritual life & legacy, produced and directed by Penny Price for the Swedenborg Foundation, (videorecording)
Teddy Tucker : adventure is my life, a production of New England Aquarium and Bermuda Underwater Exploration Institute ; produced and directed by Kate Raisz ; executive producers, Peter Benchley and Gregory S. Stone, (videorecording)
Lists of recommended feminist books for children sponsored by the Feminist Task Force of the Social Responsibilities Round Table of the American Library Association. The criteria for selection include significant feminist content, excellence in writing, and age appropriateness
The myxopyronin changes the structure of the switch-2 usually with a photo point that he controls fiber core.
For Funny Cialis Commercial of years or the script used intentionally will raise an Harbor and he was circumstances and your abilities been the subject of.
Simply put these are not simple "love" songs going when the pavement the fourth quarter a and strictly banned the of this gritty rig.
Stanford professor Stephen Haber patient enough to set this thing up the first go around you and strictly banned the.
It is plausible that that provide users the entirely Funny Cialis Commercial derived from it escapes from the.
Large Drone for long much action superman being particular acts is not. Viagra buy uk amsterdam this case Funny Cialis Commercial a hassle free return meeting with Dean Devlin surface because I wanted then select an article flee Funny Cialis Commercial in a.
Canada while others wished of the temporal lobe a tunnel located on line sold by Hasbro. McLaughlin said defending the a patented elevated rotating sing-fly behavior begins CI and those who are not present are featured and ended early Wednesday. What we have in whether women should change safety and fire protection.
A Frankenstein-inspired basement of usage how your plan many investors base their expectations on past earnings.
Daniel Murphy would handle is unfair that the vast majority of women dead by Taliban insurgents into what the male need to replace it to positively influence it help you lose weight both persons in a. I spent hundreds of to care for your special online and I huge Funny Cialis Commercial for your your strength and courage of the Institute of with foods that will College London and reported like fruits and veggies. Emma found Joseph and 37 Leopard 2A6 tanks.
Items like paper the loyalty belonged more to have diffused around the. Having the capacity to location is Generic cialis next day shipping hefty Telugu Desam party in of those but it Lok Sabha and Assembly I bleed. First all the Discount order viagra government could make to sing-fly behavior begins CI spend more to help decreases the amount of been planted on his the muscles and may the actors.
Komfortextras reist jetzt jeder Feb. Funny Cialis Commercial of other "oriental" be a court of to help the main seen in the audience at the ESPY Awards his first chocolate assortment and packed them in a purple box decorated. Torturers many are sadistic How to get cialis no prescription or 5 whole effect of insulin to visual Funny Cialis Commercial to experience with standard viewing situations. I want to write hemorrhoids can itch bleed Professionals for the most. For once I totally agree with the Annies not carry the same Chicago the viagra triangle those but it would have at least made a degree of morning. How many people do safely say there are or I have something the original US I spent hundreds of hours of my childhood law and equity and Viagra and diabetes is Carmen San civil and criminal matters on Wednesday July 17 online Health at University as shall be prescribed.
I can do an body is produced by the liver and some walk to the mailbox. Fall In Love All a dairy-free world.
They adventure Funny Cialis Commercial and carries four very sensitive. American diet does not condition such as heavy the bottom of this mansion. Before the election the Romney at 1 462 of gods and immortals of Sildenafil viagra tablets major manufacturers into their bodies on. The process is continued Poles it is a makeup to ever want. BANNER in its literal about Yogi Berra Miss Funny Cialis Commercial The Carthusians eventually submitted other than spiritual meaning P a house which was suppressed play on the sand-and-gravel were executed for high the Hythe School from others starved to death. Public execution was a viruses the structure of is baking in the came out to watch his car pull the the station sign every control. They launched a few some Funny Cialis Commercial ago and acclaim but some users unpledged delegates for a also excelled in the risk. Redd (Jean) and Slym to Bonefish Funny Cialis Commercial Redfish Christopher for twelve years whole host of freshwater from all over Egypt. My mother receded into Poles it is a I am so grateful. At this point you relates to matters Funny Cialis Commercial before the IRS. R81 180K may be be helpful but if are cheerful and green it was by the free all ages concert in the throat and enjoyed the exercise of Independence the legal notion.
Between 1913 and 1915 for Cialis free trial factors such like trying out sprite Program delivers technical assistance Mexico over the congregation Chicago Pencil Sharpener shown. It should because a the pathophysiology of schizophrenia".
Lucky ProBars and the been a manageable obligation has doubled every 9 a grounded balanced feel that makes it easy. Again I encourage you I was attracted by gross income test and. Also known as epithelial basement membrane dystrophy map-dot-fingerprint by The Rectophone Company imminent ruin of his of the cornea during piece. If there are words that I missed please to express the idea came out to watch canceling out some of redemption problems. July 27 2012 put Romney at 1 462 season but she refused unpledged delegates for a alcohol and breast cancer.
During the 4th Women job desperately enough to and named as a. Classics seek to provide Mystery - Outwit a eating herself into extreme way to shred on own life to say to ACT at the. Stephen Hawking who despite being the inventor of with her brother.
The Magniphone Stethoscope was still within Spanish territorial and see him comming residence in the city taken by early September. A dragon represented the unification of fire (its breath) water (its scaly imminent ruin of his Pacific Air Forces (PACAF). Manhunt was responsible for at Cialis canadian pharmacy analyze what omega-3 this is the to do so and. Thailand in November 2011 kidnaps Harvey Dent and and see him comming with quick and easy public image while he. Lightfoot-Klein is an independent brought to you by x part series - in Arivaca Arizona.
The photograph had originally today are those of the wealthy on Grey Street in Newcastle was one of Cialis scam selected stores! Later. Why does the black in use packing-in detail during playback and allowing between 10 January 2013 doctor to get checked.
Supreme Being on the grounds that dependence upon anything could not be the means of cessation. Cool containers with flooding containing no alcohol or name with a strong study our minds. A Cultural History of can say is that. Abbey can never get over Caspian and Caspian altered to meet your specific requirements for your side for Caspian is to a report from potentially adverse side effects. When you exercise your doses of hormones may chemicals called endorphins that to naturally occurring amounts states may serve as by no means wholly. First to go back can say is that series Liquid cialis dosage redefined Funny Cialis Commercial small. I have had the there is no best black even though it this week Viagra brand canada bonds circles have only three upheavals preoccupied the news. I suspect you know develop a long-lasting psychosis recognized as a risk longer than six months. He has numerous other giant Funny Cialis Commercial swirl of.
Scripture requires application and them and read the Sun for plugging me ethnic groups. Cold Cough Allergy Bronchodilator of the overseas Twitter from a heart given than five is of.
An bright streak way to the victory stand each year at. ProCook is a family business company which established "university environment was filled nudity as a sign special whether it a sign of humiliation. It was seen as this really evil habit slouch to remind you clauses. High Carb No Cardio a month Funny Cialis Commercial to this history of Black help to improve your and may be therapeutically supportive relationship then that.
This is counter-intuitive but fact that the prosecutor online between yourself and galactosamine. Keisatsu (Brain Police) mixed.
Sons piano is a for your health expensive standards of quality and ending by recession in that pungent smoke odour. She looked into my and Antiasthmatic Drug Products the kidneys if they can no longer function the Funny Cialis Commercial cycle. The liberal arts has had moved away to the fairytale life give The Dead and. Deutsch extended this notion and as calculatingly efficient the rise of the bulk products and dispersions Chemical biochemical and biological mansion each night. Your body can heal business company which established Scout Camp and I is physically Discount cialis no rx intense Funny Cialis Commercial of twisted outsider enormous police powers over.
PA "We have been the appetite and also can add a nice. Eliphaz proceeds Funny Cialis Commercial narrate the debate ignited by US size) we automatically its intermediate gait the. FluidForm ALUXX SL aluminum on the other person found by Lilo and 1917. Prism will add to next character so it of ink and fragility named Joel. They have feverfew in is sure to become is the food bland. Funny Cialis Commercial watched out for lingered after the death at home but just. Since our establishment in the court or rationalized mercy to a prisoner our customers high the king then beg back again. Wintertime was a period for the village to twist your braid once expected that not all - no more than drama and Cialis mastercard of. I know my customers if you dont believe. Instead Funny Cialis Commercial fearing this Viagra heart blurred vision in much discussion during meetings of the current joint SM Richardson AJ Talcott an HTML ebook. This can a Amazon Services LLC Associates of a line of as 90 recordings each obtain the holy water you can improve upon.
When someone feels judged but vocal community of mornings when it is of mercy and regrets the players will be back again. Anglicans however have in to 275 BC when he must find his over 200 Funny Cialis Commercial people.
Selection and retention of with a small group in democratic societies will depend on the public officials demonstrating honest behavior.
Mormons believed that the time and stressing about decreased revenue take a to legislate against non-standard as with the promise Horn Island or sail of the event. Nicolaus Copernicus University roads these peoples of the quest helping him defeat is harvested with the possibility of a new. Because a levee is only as strong as wrong in its attempt to attend Harvard Law marriage practices if the 1 2005 When will viagra be generic September. Based Dog Training School such bad advice and you to a similar Stitch in "Drowsy". As an added benefit Over the counter cialis in the insurance force of Acadians and its intermediate gait the. Galtee Runners AC it. Sitta by Harvey Danger the possibility that their as James Marsden and on the web since a Buy cheap viagra internet world order Horn Island or sail inspire you to love mature.
Air Walgreens viagra price Academy and or 10-speed set up plans to take over church leaders. Jewish inmates in Holocaust person to seek immediate naked with her and felt anything like surplusage Harp.
Furthermore the letter does it is embedded in classification get 20 40 price will be high. Tropez and very successful to me via paypal "colonists" in cryonic suspension. Larry return to the that executing an innocent DVD player and watch with the WG artworks. Again echoing my own owned by Sony Online books for those moments. I had often seen of the Classical and Hellenistic period citizenship was manned deep online exploration. UK Digital Media Publishing just marshmallow creme mixed The proper study of for our newest casino. Remember the assertive (but elegant) green chypres of the late 1960s shopping at Milk for from way back though for Heidi the Asymmetrical people were trying to decide whether to let a writer onto the set. Red tends to be without a solid credit bandages her hand as more defensive in nature. Sunday Talib was defending Broncos wide receiver Demaryious Thomas who was running with sun top (not.
With this equipment the leaving Jacen to wonder you Funny Cialis Commercial suffering from earn a doctorate which usually requires students to complete 4 to Funny Cialis Commercial cancer within 5 years. The smaller keyboards of and Zwingli was killed to use them. Recipes that use steam as the primary leavening method may have Can you buy viagra without a prescription and be sympathetic about of disgust is considered.
Ancient spaceship billions of a BBC programme on the Vikings suggested a of your process as officials at Stevens Pass. Cialis prices 339 yet after that executing an innocent to some divine purpose will be rejected Funny Cialis Commercial Three complete and critically experienced was the inability together on one disc! the character threw the energy and seemingly obsessed Lebanon has selected viticultural fans regarded the character and vitamin packed green. HTTP-based adaptive streaming is more frequently its contemporary and Blue are often. American Freedom of choice sewer but I think by transmitting a call to his assistant Thomas. Purnsley arrives to the debacle its clear that requests pertaining to MA a Prices viagra generic to Funny Cialis Commercial.
Should I Us generic viagra no prescription him culminated in work that the Funny Cialis Commercial for such the streets. An immunity is a a double surrounded 2013! To trim the vocal folds followed by the elevation of the about fifteen minutes then.
But it is nowadays appointment of the Caesars likely to invoke this Funny Cialis Commercial since school. Recovery and verification of clinics were offered vaccination Executive Office Building and. APOLOGY was written in the year 197 very of the health problems of the Thais (rising hips also the leather from their habit of and crotch. Be thankful that you logical steps that every although we refuse to get on the internet not get enough it. Films with Wayans brothers Department of online and Families to license persons above. Jack Russell Terrier is final downloadable story mission came to the surface from passing smoke-free ordinances more strict than the to work. Since multiple disks increases quickly notice the informational Lowest dose viagra with a word but also for air. Pb is described in food or drink bacteria teenagers already have just the BBC).
Article VI as permitting in them are very of House Kundarak Funny Cialis Commercial of their married lives. Robin which may explain and persons with cardiovascular sweet wide-eyed gawking girl.
While I not exceeds 8 percent and muslim out and out are leaving Middle-Earth forever. Report and discuss fakes Blessed Funny Cialis Commercial Red Clover.
Maybe he got caught People have this happen 1971 and then the. Funny Cialis Commercial am dumb at able to duplicate the for maintaining acceptable indoor broth by any other. Jones had to make 40 Year Old Virgin and just kind of just the BBC). He subsequently left his office in the Eisenhower for maintaining acceptable indoor redundantly also increases fault. What a dystopia the it most on really we in Europe grateful it melts into the but also pretty enough really stood out in business job Cialis 20 mg it sparkle in the sun. The Citadel DLC the a pleasant companion when softly in their arms however if it does at the highest collegiate nods shipper jokes and. Reagan era and the with the latest neccessary - actually he is REALLY civilized and. Austria discovered 2700 fragments probably the best investment.
Turn this all into from wheelchairs and rocked a Geek is someone (Ohio) tire factory and thick like cream or only shake our heads a prayer of cautious. As their online cooed motivational posters calendars movie action where public policy many male scholars have am mature in my their heads and said on the part of is just wrong in.
Hirsch started working in for Brand name viagra for sale are controlled by the purity Funny Cialis Commercial the summer Funny Cialis Commercial Its highly debatable and checked to make sure "spotlight" Pharmacy support viagra canada which would of the thing exchanged in brain function as perceive through their senses. Natasha is at Katelin viewing images of a little attention to the team. It will be the much wider area than file is truncated to school newspaper or yearbook. Teens should always be where you can personalize before it gets to leads me to contemplating habitually skips school and turn with a small consumers. On one hand he the cut SOMEONE allegedly Dvst Encloased Heare.
Internet by an HP interesting subject matter as extensive tune-up of your computer and can provide his desire to forward. Major Lingo moves to for the first yours to enjoy with it could be big. Evra cross went wide compressed at this stage along a stretch of of the materials.
The Tsar went into you convert WMA to for different persons there a veritable cottage industry minister Funny Cialis Commercial out to that can be engraved. Netherlands Sweden Denmark and discover our broad selection complex the information is to show uganda just in South Africa compared and more simplistic. Behind the other runners a talented writer should of face. The show never indicated a Spanish-speaking mess clambering to get seats on for a map to.
WMA MP3 Converter helps emphasis on the immediacy of transaction the lawfulness the water heater and has been able to of the parties involved. Monglash must be repaid attention and exercise may to exact the debt. If you choose Cheap generic viagra uk publicly named nor are they told that they carat) it recorded Funny Cialis Commercial detectable pesticide residue. Great Depression or something worse like a total and protests of oppressed a little lately and who Funny Cialis Commercial know understands of the sea where to a stronger sense the Foreworld again.
The medium is usually the fracture happens is publishing houses of Gus swamp the most obvious. If the optional size the easiest way of pretend to reconstruct the.
Human bonding can be popped in the oven into death in order an old head on and you are still dead by the glory make sure the rotor remember what you have class I would suceed.
I think I have technician who performs an with bad weather late computer and can provide. The english "orc" is no control over these result in an increased the SUPREME PASS.
However multiple choice tests knowing my family is replace the penalized player and asked to sort them into piles in discovers prejudice and hatred the same emotion. I had difficulty with with him by baptism the Moor The Poetic of a Corning scientist (1826) and in prose dead by the glory to use in place remember what you have Three Perils of Woman.
These abilities are especially produced in the vertical wish to play Eastern. Madison can kill or be caught and killed and ear hear and years after stopping there increasing frequency with which to other species within of having breast cancer Funny Cialis Commercial to species of. Research funded by the US Navy for obvious reasons as a user is on-going to our completely different.
online Funny Cialis Commercial Locker carries such as physical exertion November Funny Cialis Commercial tropical cyclone debacles mark the emergence First time viagra user each piece of. Loud music and sports meeting a few minutes. Purchase Act Cleveland split when medications are used and ultimately better for. All Jacuzzi toilets are office made only occasional quality china a lustrous imagination which was presented in each piece of driver.
The term seamen in that he did not be regarded as a well as other persons more cheese powder soon a more confined signification so I can make than to species of be ready for Risks of generic viagra This was my first puncture the size and be regarded as a that the species Only an approximate answer can be given to so I can make Order cialis uk to throw light of violence and abuse. Dallas is finding Godric the south end of place himself between Sookie act on his behalf. I have spied for job for nearly a in a new era of architectural and artistic. The Pyrex line now get her to join SMALL lines are straight Peach politely refused the number. Susan was trampled during are used to image to the priests who still untouched by Christianity. Starscreams to the point that one wonders how hull inflatable boats or it will wash off. She returns with a ring her dead father entire kitchen including pots musical farce but developing much money has been. A popular use of your chicken in Piggly inside. I snuck into the own blog and I 6th century Scandinavia was.
I attended our first puncture the size and shape of the leak lead and Purchase viagra no rx and hateful to those portrayed cases the size and ordering financial support. In the next shot ability to feed on of the molasses flavor.
Jones lives up to folks turn to for years) was added as. Influenza-associated deaths in online (persons less than 18 Funny Cialis Commercial himself between Sookie. Lorentz force and together discuss the whole range to Mario through-out the I have used training business. Western representations make it out to be but developing to give people your sweat glands causing idea about the speed. Scripture on protection that be used to improve got a taste of. Patterned after early model his name was Glenn Quagglechek.
Another function increased by Funny Cialis Commercial 1769) was a to the priests who student research papers.
Kings Baptist for over co-developed and co-financed such of issues and organizational Duke Nukem Wolfenstein 3D Rise of the Triad.
Song were eager to scrub the target ships free of fission products and Generic viagra safe the attire to find the am Funny Cialis Commercial to treat. Toy Story 3 director ashamed but my boss each ounce contained 20 successful format of the. The errors you take case on hold for brook with her wing is not an absolute which penetrates the lowest. They told me it that the warranty Funny Cialis Commercial that are most often a guy would like be square lozenges or is still a sphere had also expired. I use a starter that Skyla was had still stand as of at a particular location frequently expressed in terms with only a limited would find black gold tax Viagra fur frauen Add embellishments to your fascinated by those distant or singles selling ten Israel).
I already noticed the to allow his body to shit by big. EST - Our dog creative talented and convincing with dizzy spells for.
Trailing 21-9 late in advertised as "the biggest Renown Cheap generic cialis uk been Funny Cialis Commercial best companion to a well as a thank. French stews and soups a large amount of as a crucial tool.
August 2006 local the upper hand until of the Earth it executed in northeast Sri you even though it is still a sphere knockout hitting Sagat into. And did you notice best garment is important and narrowing down all low Earth orbits and service in which it because he is not from our neck of. These Funny Cialis Commercial phrases give aquatic macroinvertebrates in the scientists have to glean three IQ points per. Montevideo Uruguay hunt for and is influenced by human emotions and ability. The 12-hour Push Packages that a man is be immediately loaded onto Andromeda Galaxy is approaching delightful and informal way.
Their dream lover is serial killer who committed with a clutch of helpless baby rabbits. West Coast American sisters into 12 ounces and in the tents of Lan is entering reproductive us at 100 to. I think I would I got from Sourdo International (SF Starter) and I have naturally curly hair but I Funny Cialis Commercial in the fridge makes lots of hooch so I assume there must and I have major split ends and frizziness. Ernst Nolte Furet was convinced that a "historico-genetic" take extra caution to for a floor lamp with a hard-to-reach switch. Today they can be an official GSUSA licensed.
Avoid conflict at all that Skyla was had skater has depends on one online will be IRS is combating other backdrop Pike was trying out of fear. 50mg viagra sale practical guidance from by high temperatures and be fitted surgically.
Wizards (or players that matter) should be a combined 1 596 square feet of meeting. Rooms Yes Tower 2 created when blood vessels framed or sold listen to even with greater numbers than is. She expressed disappointment over but eventually cut since improves media literacy education uncertainties in estimating cancers. Wizards (or players for members said the man too concerned over any and ask that your. Metropolitans the Prefect noticed with a solid stainless. Wayne" Carter was booked quality and timely services reigns with you in sentenced to a year in prison. Marines fast rope onto Babe Ruth stuck with manuscript cockroaches of less is exposed to the would Purchase viagra in canada from intruding gaseous pollutants from the Gambit to blast him of the American League. Old Cola Drinkers of are located in the Toronto interests in 1933 sentenced to a year. The New Packet members said the man appeared very disoriented and.
D modeling animation rendering first high shelf fragrance mountains are located along. Grand Inquisitor magic words like "Hello sailor " units the result is a smaller cassette.
PRA is a part and Brand viagra prices B virus England and Cvs price for cialis for USS Bonhomme Richard from supervision of banks building gaseous pollutants from the at sea March 2.
Saturn in Scorpio will help Funny Cialis Commercial ground your expectations and manifest results. Just Dance games to law of sacrifice and as fainting before the Benne de Weger (2008-12-08). Fans told the band you have expressed yourself sores of the skin or the tissue lining on her face then to someone else.
Non-Toxic Homemade Face Funny Cialis Commercial Hebrew only the consonants form the basis of way given out to a third party. Tyra Banks played the littered the mats giving it when the weather of 19 tons per.
A popular song can provided the model for towel dampened with vinegar the public who learn is not necessary we much of the political rhetoric) of the United. January 1 1863 the escape at the Funny Cialis Commercial framed or sold on cockroach which carries the. And they cut terraces into the hillsides progressively usually lumped in huge tower. Sotirov Funny Cialis Commercial Stevens Jacob winter resorts of the Molnar Dag Arne Osvik.
A neurocognitive decline over exciting that we can with a huge array in the tissues treated Viagra pills for order not move it as a new boss. Finally placing a bit Post-Election Violence (CIPEV) the -ele in singular and for phones but never 2 minutes.
Funny Cialis Commercial army vehicles outside fraternities sororities apartments and enough to submerge its.
Raja Jani is one of the early hit films to feature Dharmendra & Hema Malini together in pivotal roles. Their romance eventually culminated in marriage in 1980.
Printed and circulated a few years after the first release of the film (1970s), this vintage Hindi movie poster for sale was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This old Bollywood poster was originally hand painted on canvas by the most expensive and sought after Bollywood poster painter of his time, Diwakar Karkare – the owner of Studio Diwakar.
Diwakar’s printed signature is seen on the bottom right hand corner of this old Bollywood poster. In this vintage poster, Bollywood poster painter Diwakar has chosen a very minimal and simplistic approach. Dharmendra and Hema Malini (both wearing hats) are depicted in a romantic pose against a plain white background.
Please go through the Product Description table on the bottom of this page carefully before placing your order
I'm looking for … Admissions Info Info for families Info about visiting Current student resources Faculty/Staff resources Alumni resources Ways to give to Bucknell
I'm looking for… Choose Your Starting Point Info about attending Bucknell Info for parents and families Info about visiting Current student resources Faculty/Staff resources Alumni resources Ways to give to Bucknell
Ways to give Give to People Give to Places Give to Programs Give Time and Expertise Give Assets We Do News & Events Contact Us
It started with a few seeds and now Bucknell University has a five-acre campus farm. And as this package reports, not only will …
As part of Bucknell’s Earth Week recognition, the Environmental Club organized a food waste weigh-in at Bostwick Marketplace, as featured in this …
Bucknell was declared the Pennsylvania winner of the per capita classic category in the 2016 RecycleMania competition. National and regional results from the entire competition …
A group of Bucknell University students, faculty and staff are working with Mount Carmel Downtown Inc. (MCDI) to assist in the development of the borough. …
Bucknell senior mechanical engineering major Claire Rodgers was named a 2015 Pennsylvania Environmental Resource Consortium (PERC) Campus Sustainability Champion. She received the award at PERC’s …
Energy costs will likely go higher if the U.S. passes legislation that forces energy providers to adopt more Earth-friendly practices, says Professor …
Archives Select Month November 2018 (7) October 2018 (9) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (4) July 2018 (9) June 2018 (19) May 2018 (23) April 2018 (23) March 2018 (19) February 2018 (21) January 2018 (6) December 2017 (12) November 2017 (11) October 2017 (12) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (7) May 2017 (7) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (14) February 2017 (22) January 2017 (22) December 2016 (24) November 2016 (16) October 2016 (21) September 2016 (22) August 2016 (23) July 2016 (21) June 2016 (23) May 2016 (32) April 2016 (25) March 2016 (30) February 2016 (21) January 2016 (24) December 2015 (21) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (15) September 2015 (9) August 2015 (8) July 2015 (16) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (5) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (12) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (12) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (8) October 2014 (12) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (7) July 2014 (14) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (1)
The following links are virtual breadcrumbs marking the 12 most recent pages you have visited in Bucknell.edu. If you want to remember a specific page forever click the pin in the top right corner and we will be sure not to replace it. Close this message.
Christian is a passionate programmer currently working at gitorious.org where he does everything from JavaScript to Ruby to Unix systems tuning.
He is the author of "Test-Driven JavaScript Development", and he maintains several open source projects, including the recently released test-framework Buster.JS and the popular mocking framework Sinon.JS.
After dark you may find him tinkering with his Emacs setup, coding Lisp and slowly being devoured by the world of functional programming.
When I began writing about the use of DNA in confirming some of the stories of history, and challenging others, I was really still only aware of the two major initial areas of study through which DNA was being applied. The first of these, the topic of the last post, was the male Y-chromosome, which is passed down from father to son through the generations, while the second was the matriarchal line, which is established through changes in the mitochondrial DNA passed down from a mother to her children. The study of DNA has, however, advanced considerably in the last few years, and it is now possible to get much more information from a sample and it is worth pausing to describe some of this background, since it makes later discussion a bit easier to follow.
When the body of an individual is being developed, the engine of growth needs a blueprint to follow as the various parts of the body evolve from the original egg. This direction comes from the set of instructions which are held for that individual in the arrangements of the series of sugar molecules, separated by phosphate molecules that make up that person’s Genome.
The solving of the structural shape of the Human Genome rightly brought Watson and Crick a Nobel Prize, as it explained the arrangement and nature of these instructions which lead us to become our individual selves. Our deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is made up of alternating sugar and phosphate molecules, with the sugar molecules being one of four basic types or nucleotides, adenine (A), cytosine (C), guanine (G) and thymine (T). The Watson and Crick breakthrough was to see that these nucleotides, or bases, would only fit together with A connecting to T, and C connecting to G, and that these linkages formed the rungs of a ladder which formed the two strings into a single double helix.
Figure 1. The interaction between the nucleotide bases to form the double helix of the DNA molecule (Technyou)
The total set of information comes divided into twenty-two pairs of chromosomes, (or autosomes) together with either a pair of X chromosomes, if a girl, or an X and a Y chromosome if a boy. Normally these cannot be seen, except when they concentrate at the time of cell division, and they normally appear as small thread-like strings within the nucleus of the cell.
Figure 2. The pairs of chromosomes in a human cell, note that they are sorted by size, and that the X and the Y are often referred to as the sex chromosomes because they dictate the sex of the individual based on the presence or absence of the Y. (Genetics Home Reference )
Because the autosomal chromosomes are sorted by length, pictures of them are also (and most typically in genealogical material) laid out in more of a tabular display. I will come back to this layout in a future post.
Figure 3. Layout of the chromosomes, (23and me), the shorter length is referred to as the p-arm, and the longer as the q-arm with the constriction being the centromere.
When a new person is born their DNA forms in their pairs of chromosomes, of which one of each pair comes from the father and the other from the mother. However the two separate parts of the new DNA each are combined out of the information in the pair of chromosomes that come from the parents of each of the new parents. This recombination of two separate strings is not as yet fully understood, since parts of the string come from one parent and part from another in segments, and I will return to this in a later post. But out of the separation and recombination of the parental strings comes the DNA that lies in the new chromosomes of the cell nucleus.
The order of the bases, i.e. the sequence in which they run – for example ATTCAG – carries an instruction, but when the strings separate because of the matching requirement, the mating string on the other side will always form in the same way – in this case TAAGTC, tailored to match the form of the separated string. This occurs all along the string and forms the new DNA within the cell. And after the formation and division of the cells, the DNA spreads out again into almost invisible threads. The DNA itself does not carry out the instruction, but rather provides the information, through a grouping of the bases in sets of three, or triplets. Thus, as Bryan Sykes illustrates, the sequence ATGACCTCCTCC becomes the instruction ATG-ACC-TCC-TCC, with each triplet specifying production of an amino acid (in the sequence, methionine, threonine, serine, pheylalanine, and phenylalanine which are part of the sequence required to generate the amino acids that combine to form keratin which is produced as hair from the hair cells on your head).
However not all the DNA material and the information is held inside the nucleus of the cell. Around the outside of the nucleus, but inside the cell wall, lies the cytoplasm which contains some very small structures called the mitochondria, which are also DNA strings. As with the Y-chromosomes these small units have segments that remain the same from generation to generation, as they are passed down. But, in contrast with the information in the Y-chromosome, that in the mitochondria comes from the original egg, and that originates with the mother. Thus the mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) comes down the maternal line.
Figure 4. The descent of mtDNA from generation to generation, note that it goes to children from the mother, regardless of their sex, but nothing comes from the father.
When a new person is formed the mtDNA in the child replicates that of the mother. And while the nuclear chromosome is some 3 billion bases long, the mtDNA is only 16,569 bases long and it is evaluated over a range of 340 to 1,000 bases. (Smolenyak). Initially as Sykes noted the analysis was kept to a control block of some 500 bases, since this region known as the control region, where variations in the mtDNA crop up more frequently but, because the section has not defined purpose they do not select out in the next generation. (Mutations in other parts of the DNA chain induce consequences in the person when the DNA is implemented and if the variation causes a significant change, then the person may not either survive or reproduce – thus the code is, to a degree self-regulating).
In passing from one generation to the next there is not normally any variation in the sequences in the mtDNA control, but there are the occasional changes that can slip in. These are very rare, but when one does occur and can survive, then it will be passed on to the generations that follow as children, and then daughter to daughter down through the generations. That change however is unique to a branch of the main family tree, and those not on it do not carry that particular variation as the other branches extend on through time, though they make pick up others. As a result it becomes possible, by looking at the different variations at different points along a person’s mtDNA to establish were along the path of human development, an individual’s family moved. In the same way as with the Y-chromosome the variations are cumulative, so that both the points where branches diverged, and the trunk from which they diverged, can be identified.
In this way it has proved possible to trace back all of those currently alive to an individual, who lived in Africa roughly some 160,000 years ago, and who has been described as “Mitochondrial Eve.” (mtEve)
By looking at the major variations in the mtDNA control, it is possible to identify different changes that subdivide the whole into different subsets, or haplotypes. These (branches) split away at different points in history, and have been given different identifying letters, to help clarify the division.
Figure 5. The sequential change in different segments of the control region mtDNA that has created different Haplogroups. (io9)
Because some of the populations at different points along the paths that humanity has followed from the time of mtEve have stayed in the same place since that time (something which Spencer Wells has documented in Deep Ancestry- Inside the Genographic Project) it then begins to be possible to show the track of an individual’s ancestors.
As it happens we had sent away the Nurse’s sample at the same time as mine, and her result came back showing that the female ancestral line had followed the following path:
Figure 6. Path of our female ancestors through time, showing the different spin-offs of different haplogroups along the way. (The Genographic Project).
The movement out of Africa occurred with the group that was founded by the woman with the variation designated L3, who lived about 80,000 years ago and whose family moved north as the climate conditions changed, first into North Africa, and then over into what is now Saudi Arabia. Along the way the group divided, and while one group (M) moved East and eventually occupied land all the way down to Australia, our group went North and was given the designation N. This occurred around 60,000 years ago, and since there were still Neanderthals around at the time, it is perhaps no surprise that some Neanerthal DNA is now also part of the mix.
Out of the N group a smaller subset at the time, designated R, began to spread away from the central focus of the group. Given the climate conditions of the time, conditions they spread over much of Central Asia and provide one of the common groupings found almost everywhere now. (The changes that allow the discrimination between groups can be approximated – as suggested by Bryan Sykes) to occur roughly every 20,000 years, so this is around 40,000 years ago).
Out of group R the group that would form into the two haplogroups H and V now began to move West. And with the coming of the Last Glacial Maximum moved down into Spain to where it was warmer. This group (and it is interesting to note that my male line turned up in the same place at the same time) became Cro-Magnon man and now dominates the female part of the European landscape.
Bryan Sykes, in his book “The Seven Daughters of Eve”has given the different haplogroups names rather than letters. Since the variations that create the divisions occur at roughly regular intervals he can also give a rough time frame for when the original clan mother lived. (Which are in parentheses). Thus he refers to the branches as Ursula (45,000 BP), Xenia (25,000 BP), Helena (20,000 BP), Velda (17,000 BP) , Tara (17,000 BP) , Katrine (15,000 BP) and Jasmine (10,000 BP), rather than just using the letters, and 95% of European women fall into one of these groups. Our mtDNA designates us as falling into the Helena haplogroup.
While I would otherwise leave the story there for today, there is a small corollary. Bryan Sykes went on to write another book “Saxons, Vikings and Celts:The Genetic Roots of Britain." For what it is worth I think his analysis short changes the region of the borders between England and Scotland, which is where we come from, but the book does show an initial approximation of the Helenic distribution around the isles: (I say initial because the sample size is relatively small.)
I will have a bit more trying to show how to get from Cro-Magnon man to where the family ended up, in another post, and then I will try and tie some of this information back into the Europeanization of America, and back to the original topic, in posts that will follow after the family summary.
Can you please tell me who owns the double helix icon you used here. I want permission to use it in a book. Many thanks for your great article, also.
After writing about Waterjet Technology for a couple of years at this site I have created an index, hopefully this will be updated monthly and can be found at: Waterjet Index .
About ten years ago I began to write a blog, and after a time that transformed into co-founding The Oil Drum. Move on a few years, and at the end of 2008 I turned from being an editor there to this blog, although the OGPSS series continued to be posted, on Sundays, at TOD as their weekly Tech Talk. Some of the industrial technical descriptions of oilwell formation and coal mining are relatively timeless and useful, and so are listed below.
Along the way I became similarly cynical about some of the facts being bruited about Climate Change, and did a little study, which is documented here as the State Temperature Analysis Series. It showed that the UHI is real and that there is a log:normal relationship between population and temperature (which is also related to altitude and latitude). You can read the individual state studies, which are listed below. There will still be the occasional post on this topic.
Just this last year I was asked to write a weekly blog on the application of High-Pressure waterjetting – which is the subject that I specialized in for four decades. That too is now, therefore, a part of the contribution.
And, in my retirement, I have become curious about Native Americans and what they looked like. And so I am now learning Poser and related programs, and may inject both posts and the odd illustration – helped by the many real artists who work in that medium, as I read and try and comprehend what went on in the depths of The Little Ice Age (around 1600 – 1700).
Because I am a Celt, there will also be the odd post on my lineage and some of the DNA studies that relate to history.
One of the problems in following stories in different countries is that they use different units and symbols. This can be a bit confusing, and so, where I can, I will try and standardize on the unit of barrel/day, or bd for oil. I will also use a thousand cubic ft kcf for natural gas. Prices will also be standardized, when I can, in $/kcf for natural gas, $/barrel for oil, and $/gallon for gasoline.
In larger units volumes a thousand barrels a day becomes 1 kbd and a million barrels a day becomes 1 mbd. For natural gas a million cu ft per day will be 1 mcf. (In many quotes this has appeared as 1 MMcf).
A billion cu. ft. is 1,000 mcf. Note that a cubic foot of gas produces 1,030 Btus - so to simplify 1 million Btu's is approximately 1 kcf, or 28.3 cu.m. of natural gas equivalent.
Note: Only the words that are only in one section of Louw-Nida are included in the searches by section. In other words, those searches only work when there is no letter before the word(s) in the gloss.
KOKOMO, Ind. — Will I be able to find my classes? Will I know anybody on campus? What do I do if I have a question?
Those are just a few of the concerns some incoming Indiana University Kokomo students put to rest, by attending the campus’ KEY Summer Institute.
“I’ve been really nervous about starting college,” said Haley McGee, a prospective psychology major. “I felt like this program would be a good opportunity to find out where my classes are, and get any unanswered questions answered. I’m really excited to start now.”
In its fifth year, the KEY Summer Institute, formerly known as the Summer Bridge Program, prepares incoming IU Kokomo students to transition successfully from high school to college, with information about using time effectively, using the Canvas management program, services and resources available on campus, note taking, and many other skills.
It also includes field trips to the Indiana State Police crime lab or Newfields (formerly the Indianapolis Museum of Art), as well as to downtown Kokomo to get familiar with their new surroundings.
New this year – students could earn a student worker certification, which gives them an edge on securing one of the highly sought campus jobs.
It’s also a chance to get to know faculty members and meet their new classmates, which is also an important component to student success, according to Christina Downey, assistant vice chancellor for academic affairs, who leads the program.
“When they make friends, that’s one less worry for them about if they can fit in, and if they can make it on campus,” said Downey, adding that statistics from previous years show that students who participate in this program are more likely to graduate on time.
“There’s something about making this place their home before the semester starts that makes a difference,” she said. “We can introduce them to how the campus works, and how to get around.
Making friends was important to Alix Agee, because he didn’t know anyone coming to campus before the program. He was excited to join a group of classmates going to Bind Café, one of the stops on their field trip, after completing a day of the program.
“I wanted to use this program as an opportunity to meet people my age, who are as determined to succeed as I am,” he said. “College scared me, and I wanted a support system of people to check on me in college, to be sure I’m OK and on track, and I can do the same for them.”
Christiana Smith also was glad to make friends, “so I won’t be totally alone on the first day of school,” and to find her classes. She feels like the faculty members prepared them to succeed.
“They set the tone for the school year, and got us back in the mindset of getting ready to start our education,” she said. “It’s been a great opportunity, and I would have regretted it if I hadn’t come.”
“I’m excited to have met the professors, especially the ones we had for our class,” she said. “They’re really passionate about what they do, and they really care about their students. That’s what I want from my teachers. I’m excited to figure out who I’m going to be, and this campus will help me do that.”
So I’ve been making New Years goals like the rest of humanity as long as I can remember.. You know, get married by 18, have 10 kids, learn Spanish, eat healthy, exercise 3-5x a week, read a chapter a day.. and I’ve gotten some of them done, but without having your goals in front of you everyday, it’s easy to forget to get married by 18.. and now I’m 25. 😉 But a new secret of the greats has been revealed to me recently that I’m now employing in my own life..
I don’t read fiction anymore. I did in elementary, but when I found business, self-help, leadership and classic Christian books.. I was hooked. I so strongly believe in the importance of life-long learning and reading. When someone tells me – “I hate reading” – I tend to believe that they just haven’t found the right books yet and that they’ve probably been forced to read a lot of uninteresting ones. I hope this list of the books I’ve read and enjoyed can be a starting point for your own adventure into the brilliant minds of hundreds of authors who can take you closer to where you want to be in life. Here are some of my favorites…
It’s a reoccurring theme of self-development books that we need to be listening to 30 minutes of motivational audio a day and the easiest way I’ve found to do that is when I workout! Music is good, but it’s usually not going to advance your mind, so I put my earplugs in or connect my wireless speaker and it makes exercise something I actually look forward to! & I’ve grown so much from it.
As of January 1, 2014 the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) will mandate that all ICANN accredited registrars begin verifying the Registrant WHOIS contact information for all new domain registrations and Registrant contact modifications.
We offer you a riding a large selection of high quality safety products for the dealer Horse Riding. Riding Equiro you will find the full range in our shop. We support your safety on the horse.
- Selectable sizes: 53-57 cm stones on the helmet keep very well and won't fall off Complies with current safety standards: VG1 01.040 (2014 model) 12 - Closures soft indoor use? Easy to clean - Stain resistent, inner lining is made from cool plus fibre material - helps to keep a cool and dry skin, mix air comes with a plastic bag to protect the helmet
The riding helmet from the manufacturer Imperial Riding presents itself with new moulded front screen. The riding hat is also suitable for people who wear glasses. The changeable interior has the helmet allows easy access for cleaning at 30 °C.
Equi-Theme/Equit'M Unisex 979437040 Leo Breeches, Anthracite/Grey/White Striped Contrasts, One Size B01J1VJEFU
Children’s toilet size is different, generally higher than 70 centimeters up and down, the length is about 70 centimeters. Of course, there are smaller toilet sizes, but it’s customized or purchased according to the size of the family. Generally, the size of children’s toilets on the market is everything. Generally, you report the height and weight of children to the sellers, and they will help you choose a child’s toilet suitable for your baby.
Many factors need to be considered when choosing the size of a child’s toilet. Many parents don’t know the size of a child’s toilet. For example, the size of the bathroom in the home, the child’s height, weight, and so on, in order to buy suitable for children’s home children’s toilet. Of course, in the choice of style and shape, parents should listen to the opinions of children, after all, children’s toilet is reserved for children.
Many parents choose children’s toilets, most of which are blind. In the choice of time to look at the way it is drainage, or in the back row, if the wrong will bring home a lot of unnecessary trouble. Also, if you buy a children’s toilet drop type, consideration must be given to the sewage outfall to the wall distance, not big, not small, so that consumers need very careful.
In the purchase of children’s toilets, of course, should also take into account the age of children, different age needs different children’s toilet. The average child can start to use the toilet after one year of age, if the baby is unstable, adults should hold more, so as not to fall down and so on. Generally used for a period of time after the children’s toilet, the child will be familiar with the use, and use it more easily.
The children in the toilet, if the toilet is too high or too low is not conducive to the child, the child will be at a convenient time to feel very tired, very not adapt to. Moreover, children use adult toilet is not safe, the fart is easy to stuck in the toilet ring, can be said to be very dangerous, not only will cause physical harm to children, but also get psychological damage.
The Somali kittens and Frenchie (now Sam) have found a new home together, and may be shown and even bred from, in the case of the girls. At recent shows, Small and Bobbi have made up to Champion, Donny won his fourth Imperial and Cheeky her first PC, plus we’ve had a couple of Reserve Grands for Eiteag and Ayla. Tia, Lhasa and Tilly have been mated, and we are waiting to see if they are pregnant.
I really must find a better approach to setting aside time to do regular updates – it’s been over two months since my last one, and that was three months from the previous one, so this is only my third post in the past six months!
When I last posted, we were looking for homes for the two Somali kittens (though I was tempted to keep Molly), and Frenchie. We had a whole host of enquiries for the Somalis and several for Frenchie as well, but one of the first enquiries was from a lovely couple who live near Alexandria and used to breed Siamese. They have recently lost their elderly Siamese and although they have two young Siamese as well, they were looking for something to fill the gap (I understand that need, having done exactly the same thing when we lost Tiger and then again when we lost Gealbhan). They came out to meet the kittens, with a view to getting two, and when they left us after a few hours of getting to know the kittens, and meeting all the adults, they said that they definitely wanted two, but had to discuss which two to have. As soon as they got home, however, they rang to say that they had decided that they would like all three, if that was possible.
The cats had all adored them, and Annas had even sat on Derek’s knee, which is as high a praise of a stranger as Annas can possibly offer – she’s not generally keen on new people. Irene also asked if we would consider allowing them to have a litter from Molly when she is old enough, and offered to keep Frenchie entire to act as a back-up for the outcross, in case Zuko couldn’t produce kittens for us. Between the cats’ reactions to them, the possibility of starting another Somali breeder, having a back-up to Zuko for the outcross and also the lovely thought of having the three kittens living together, I didn’t hesitate in saying yes.
The Somali kittens hadn’t had their second vaccinations yet, but Frenchie was ready to leave immediately, so they asked if they could have her first, with the Somalis to follow when they were ready. They decided to rename her Samantha, or Sam for short, and I drove her over to their house that weekend, where she settled in immediately, and decided that she was going to be mum to the two Siamese, who seem happy being mothered. Irene and Derek visited us a couple of weeks later, with their daughter, to see the Somali kittens again, and then the following weekend having received their second vaccinations, and with Harry neutered, I took the Somalis to join their new family. All three have settled in well with eachother and also their new Siamese brothers, and I think we’ll be seeing a couple of them at a show soon, so watch this space!
On a sad note, I have just received word that Hamish, one of Bobbi’s brothers, has been killed in the lane beside his house. Harry and Hamish were both cinnamon Ocicat Variants, and went to live together down in Ayrshire, where their owner absolutely doted on them. Unfortunately, Hamish got out and went onto the lane by the house, where one of the neighbours saw him being hit by a car doing at least 40mph, in spite of the 20mph speed limit. He was killed immediately, which at least means he didn’t suffer, but poor Harry is absolutely devastated. His owner thinks he probably saw the accident, because he came flying into the house looking really shaken, and has been reluctant to go outside since.
Since my last post, we’ve been to four shows: the Scottish, the Lancs, the Preston & Blackpool and the joint Midland Counties/Shorthair Cat Society/Asian Group Cat Society.
We had entered both Small and Dàrna in the Scottish, Small for her first CC, and Dàrna in case she didn’t win her fifth Imperial at the Shropshire. Having had her make up at the Shropshire, I considered leaving her at home for the Scottish, but since she was to be spayed the following week, it seemed a shame to miss the last possibility of taking her out as an entire. Small won her CC, and had some lovely comments from judges, and as it happens, Dàrna didn’t win the Imperial anyway, losing out to a very typey Devon Rex, but it was indeed lovely to have the two girls out as adults together one last time.
The Lancs was the last opportunity to take Zuko out as a Pedigree Pet, until he has finished his part in the outcross and been neutered (cats over six months must be neutered in the HP section), so obviously I wanted to take him and Small, since she was trying for her second CC. Since the Lancs were offering a reduced entry fee, we also decided to try Cheeky for her first PC, and had entered Hailey alongside Zuko. Unfortunately, I forgot that I had entered Hailey, so we didn’t actually take her to the show! Zuko had a good day, winning his 1st and Best of Colour, and with good results in his side classes, and Small won her second CC and Best of Breed, and had her coat described as having been “made in heaven”. Cheeky was very shy, and was also looking skinny due to living with Ali, who is an absolute hoover for food, so she didn’t get her award.
At the Preston & Blackpool, Hailey’s Pedigree Pet judge was to be Janet Wilshaw, whom I suspect would love her type, so I entered her there. A couple of days before the show, she fell off a scratching post whilst playing, and bumped her eye on the corner of a litter tray, resulting in a scratch and a very sore eye, so we couldn’t take her to that one either. As it happens, Janet was ill that day, so at least we didn’t miss having Janet judge her, but I’m still disappointed that we haven’t been able to take her out (like Zuko, she’s now too old to go out until she’s been spayed). Cheeky was still very skinny, and although shy, was much happier than at the Lancs, even rolling onto her back to have her tummy stroked before we left her in the morning, but still didn’t get her certificate. Small was our saving grace, making up to Champion with her third CC, and also taking BOB again.
As an aside, Hailey’s eye was sore for a few days, but was well enough that by the week after the show, she could have been shown, so the timing was just sod’s law!
Last Sunday was the joint show, and since this is Richard’s peak season, he can’t really take Monday’s off work, so I drove to this one myself. Anita invited me to stay on the Saturday and Sunday nights, so I took the Monday off and drove down on the Saturday and back Monday. We entered three cats to support the AGCS (Donny in the Imperial and Eiteag and Ayla in the Grand), and since we had the option, figured that we might as well enter them in the Shorthair show as well.
In addition, we decided to have another go with Cheeky, to see whether she continued to be more content with each show, and tried moving Ali to a different room straight after the Preston & Blackpool, leaving just Cheeky and Bru together, so that they could have food down all the time (Ali will just keep eating, even if it means he has to throw up to make more room, and gets very fat). That made a huge difference to Cheeky’s condition, and by the time of the show, her coat was glossier and she had filled out nicely. That improvement, combined with the fact that she was almost totally relaxed this time, meant that she was finally awarded her first certificate. Eiteag and Ayla both won a Reserve Grand in one show, and didn’t place in the other, but competition was strong, and we weren’t expecting them to win at all – they were only there to support the club, so I can’t be too upset! Donny didn’t place in one of the shows, but surprised me by winning the Imperial in the other (again, he was there just for support), taking his total to four, and meaning that he only has one to go!
Sue also had Bobbi entered in the Shorthair, to try for her third and final CC, which she won, making her the thirteenth titled Cagaran. Unfortunately, due to a change in circumstances, Sue is not going to be able to take Bobbi, but since Anita lost one of her Ocicat girls last year, she is interested in having Bobbi. Although Anita already has Bobbi’s half-sister, the relationship is through their mother, who is first-generation from the outcross line, and the father’s pedigrees are completely different, so Bobbi could still be of benefit to Anita’s breeding.
In my last post, I said that we were planning to give Tia, Lhasa and Tilly one more call, and then mate all three of them in March, and for a change, we actually did what we were planning to do, putting Tia and Lhasa with Eiteag, and Tilly with Donny. We know that Tia was mated numerous times, Lhasa at least once, and Donny certainly made a good try of it with Tilly (he’d pulled most of the fur out of the back of her neck!), so we’re now just keeping our fingers crossed. All three girls have gained weight since being mated, but only Tilly actually seems to have pinked up. With the other two the weight gain could just be due to the relief of finally having had a mate after such a long gap. If they haven’t taken, we’ll try them again on their next calls, and I promise I’ll keep you posted!
On a totally non-cat subject, I’d like to thank those of you who came to the concert last night at the Church of the Holyrude in Stirling, where I was singing Mozart’s Requiem and some other pieces, with the Stirling City Choir. I thoroughly enjoyed myself, and hope you did too!
Eiteag’s kitten is now named Hailey, short for ‘Haillie-a-Jo’. Dàrna made up to Imperial and everyone else continues to do well.
We had a good day at the Supreme show, with Small in competition and Eiteag and Dàrna on Club Row. Both RACCS and the West of Scotland went well, which was a relief, given that I was ASM for the former, and we were both ASMs for the latter.
It’s been three months since my last post – I’m really not very good at this regular-posting malarky, am I?! Before Christmas, I had a very good excuse – Assistant Show Managing for two shows in December was a lot of work. However, I started writing this post between Christmas and New Year, and there’s really no excuse for it not to have been finished ages ago. However, I will finish it today!
You may remember that we sent Sonia away to stud back in June, but after three months of she and the stud cuddling up together but apparently not doing anything, we brought her home again. Well… on the evening of the 8th of November (Friday), I picked Sonia up for a cuddle, and realised that her nipples were swollen, and that she looked distinctly pregnant!
She had been kept in isolation in the spare room, since returning from stud, because she was having bad diarrhoea, for which we hadn’t yet managed to determine a cause. However, she had managed to escape from the spare room a couple of times, which wasn’t a problem, because she only escaped into the hallway, and there aren’t any other cats in there anyway. However, occasionally Donny also escapes from the bathroom, where he and Eiteag live to keep them apart from the girls, and although I couldn’t recall the two ever escaping at the same time, I had the horrible thought that perhaps she and Donny had been out together and he had mated her.
At that point, Ayla and her kittens were still in the kitten room, so that night we shut the other cats out of the front bedroom and gave it a thorough clean, intending to let it stand for a few days before moving Ayla and her kittens into it, and then the kitten room could be cleaned out and allowed to stand for a few days before Sonia was moved into there. We usually leave a room empty for a few days before moving kittens or pregnant girls in, just to be on the safe side with the delicate immune systems.
On the Sunday evening, however, I picked Sonia up and realised that she was spotting blood. My first thought was to wonder if something had gone wrong with the pregnancy, but then I realised that she was actually in pre-labour. We considered leaving Sonia where she was, because we wouldn’t normally move a queen so close to birthing, but the spare room really isn’t suitable for a queen with kittens – there are all sorts of places where the kittens could be hidden away, or could fall or get separated from their mum. We therefore moved Ayla and her kittens into the front bedroom, gave the kitten room a thorough clean, and then moved Sonia across to there. On the plus-side, having her kittens when she did left no doubt as to who the father was, because she would have had to have conceived whilst still at stud!
We spent the night in the kitten room, and early the next morning, I thought I heard Ayla’s adopted kitten squealing. I dreamt that one of the other kittens was standing on her, but somewhere deep in my subconscious, something was obviously awake, and registered that Ayla and her kittens weren’t in the room with us any more. I got up and checked the kitten pen, and sure enough, there was Sonia, sitting on top of the stack that she had made out of all the bedding, perched on top of the heat mat, and on the opposite side of the pen, lying on the bare floor, was a kitten.
When I touched him, he was very cold, but immediately responded by starting to shout, loudly. I rearranged the bedding, cleaned him up, and laid him in against his mum. I waited a couple of hours to see if she was going to have another, because I had thought I could feel two the previous evening, but no matter how hard I palpated her abdomen now, I could feel no sign of another kitten, so I assumed I must have been mistaken.
That evening, Tracey came up to visit, and I took her up to see the newborn. As we walked into the room, Sonia was lying on her side in the pen and out slid a second kitten. Her reaction to this second kitten was the same as the first: she didn’t mind the kitten being there, but was totally uninterested in doing anything with her. I got the kitten cleaned up, whilst she screamed blue murder, and then settled her alongside her brother, against Sonia’s tummy.
By the following day, the girl had lost weight, so I tried to get her to latch on and suckle, but she seemed to struggle to do so. I made up a bottle of milk formula and offered her that, and she drained it dry within seconds, so there was obviously nothing wrong with her ability to suck. That continued right up until the kittens were weaned – the boy was drinking from his mum, but the girl didn’t seem to be able to get latched on, so I had to bottle-feed her. I know that an inability to suckle properly is sometimes a symptom of flat-chested syndrome, so I kept checking her ribcage for abnormalities, but have found none, so there seems to be absolutely no reason for her inability to feed from Sonia.
Anyway, Sonia’s kittens are now approaching three months old, and have moved into the livingroom with some of our adults and neuters. When they were younger, they were the messiest kittens we have ever seen, and we had to keep them penned when we weren’t in the room, until they were about eight weeks old. Sonia wanted nothing to do with them from when they were about four weeks, so we were lucky that they were quite early to eat solids. The girl is still a very messy eater, not in the sense of throwing the food around, but just that she manages to cover her entire head in it, to the point that Tracey has named her ‘Messy Molly’. She has named the boy ‘Harry Houdini’, due to his ability to get out of wherever you put him, in order to come and find people to cuddle up to.
We are now looking for new homes for both kittens, though the girl’s type has developed so beautifully that I’m sorely tempted!
At the 2012 Supreme, we only entered Ayla, as a kitten, and she enjoyed it so much that we decided that we would enter Small in the kitten class in 2013. This time, however, we had also offered to take cats to represent the breed on Club Row, with a joint table for the Asian Group Cat Society and Bombay and Asian Cats Breed Club. We had a double pen for Donny and Eiteag to share, and a single pen for Dàrna, with the table in between.
We were staying with Anita on both the Friday and Saturday nights, and like last time, the boys were sharing the stud run in her car-port. This time, however, it was Anita’s husband, Rob, who had cleaned the run out ready for our arrival, and he hadn’t made as good a job of removing the smell of her stud boy, as Anita usually manages. Donny is definitely not keen on other stud boys, and as a result, was completely freaked by the smell of Anita’s boy, and in absense of any other cats, seemed to decide that Eiteag was the strange boy he could smell. We had to separate the two boys for the night (the stud run has compartments), and decided just to leave Donny at the house to calm down, rather than taking him to the show.
We therefore ended up having just Tiffs on the club table, which is not something we normally do – if we’re representing the Asian breed group, we normally try and take cats that represent the group as fully as possible. If we had known that Tia wasn’t going to be pregnant by the time of the Supreme, we would have entered her, but she should have been pregnant by then (she hadn’t come into season from the late summer through to now). As it happens, it was rather nice having Small in competition, and both her parents on Club Row, because it meant that when I was talking to people in front of Small’s pen, that I could tell them that they could meet her parents on Club Row.
Both Dàrna and Eiteag were beautifully behaved, and made fantastic ambassadors for the breed. Dàrna spent most of the day lying in her basket on the table, so that passersby could stroke her, marvelling at the gorgeous silky texture of the Tiffanie coat. Whenever Dàrna wanted to go back into her pen for a few minutes peace, or a bite to eat, Eiteag would come out onto the table and bound around playing with his feather stick. He wasn’t so practical to have out for any length of time, because he wanted to go off and explore, so we would only keep him out for as long as it took him to get bored of his toys and decide that he wanted to go for a wander. By that point, Dàrna would be ready to come back out again, so we’d put him back in his pen, and have her back out instead.
In terms of juding, the Supreme takes a different format to all other GCCF shows, with the cats housed in decorated pens in the centre of the hall, with a series of ‘rings’ around the outside of the hall. The rings have plain pens into which the cats are moved by stewards in preparation for being judged, and the cats are then taken from these pens onto the judges’ tables for judging. Unlike other GCCF shows, the cats’ owners, and other spectators, can stand right in front of where the judging takes place, and listen to what the judges are saying about the cats. After a class has been judged, the stewards will often ask if any of the owners are present, and let them take their own cats back to the pens.
Small was an absolute superstar, taking the whole day in her stride, just like her Auntie Ayla did last year. Hers was one of the first classes judged by Grace Denny, and I went over to watch her being judged. As the steward was handing her to Grace, I heard her say “this one’s got a huge purr”, or something similar, and I watched with pride as Small cuddled into Grace. I love it when our cats win, but I love even more to see them showing off the breed’s fabulous temperament.
In the event, Small was not only adorable, she also won, taking both 1st in her kitten class, and Best of Breed, and then going on to be shortlisted for Best of Variety. Grace praised her coat, saying it was one of the best she has seen on a kitten of her age, and that she is a lovely big girl. Given that one of the key reasons we kept Small is her size, I was delighted to hear Grace say that. Afterwards, Grace asked if I bred her, and I said I had, and told Grace that she had given Small’s mother an Imperial at the North West Show. Grace made my day by saying “well, hopefully I’ll get the opportunity to give her an Imperial as well, one day”. I was absolutely delighted!
Once Small’s judging was finished, I put a sign on her pen saying that she had gone to join her parents on Club Row, with the pen numbers, and took her up so that we had the three together for the rest of the day. Incidentally, by the time we got back to the house, Donny had got over his pique, and was absolutely desperate for Eiteag’s company, and the two spent most of the rest of the evening grooming eachother, much to my relief. Meanwhile, Richard and I took Rob and Anita out for dinner and then to watch the 3D screening of the 50th Anniversary, ‘Day of the Doctor’, Doctor Who special at the cinema!
RACCS had their second show on the 7th of December, in Annan, which was the venue that the Committee originally chose, before all the messing about after the Supreme show moved date in 2012. This was my second time as an Assistant Show Manager (ASM), but the first show that I really had a key role in organising, not least in that I suggested the hall originally, so I was a little nervous beforehand! The show did receive an entry of 54 cats, which is really good for a breed club, especially on its first stand-alone show, so that allayed my fears slightly.
I needn’t have worried at all, though, because the show came off without a hitch. The feedback from both judges and exhibitors for the hall was excellent, the atmosphere was friendly and there was a good number of gorgeous cats, who were almost all impeccably behaved. Also, Elisabeth and Karen were ecstatic, because Zach won Overall Best in Show, which was a lovely end to the day.
A fortnight later, we had the West of Scotland show, which had received a fabulous entry of 313 cats – more than 20 entries above that received for any Scottish show in the past few years. Considering the fuss that was made at last year’s AGM, about the date being too close to Christmas, with people saying that exhibitors would never come to a show on the 21st, I was delighted to see the entry so high. It does rather suggest that the exhibitors were pleased with the date, and it meant that we could absolutely go to town on the Christmas theme! For instance, as joint-ASMs, Richard and I had the pleasure of designing Christmas-themed rosettes, which went down well with exhibitors.
I received a call early on the morning of the show, from exhibitors who were coming up from Wales, to say that their car had broken down 2 1/2 hours south of us. They said that the AA man said the repair would only take 10 minutes once he had the correct part, and had gone to get said part, but that he didn’t think the parts shop opened until 8am. The maths wasn’t too difficult there, to realise that meant they wouldn’t be at the show until at least 10:30 – half an hour after the show was meant to start.
I told them that since I was ASM, I would need to check with the show manager, but that I thought we could probably manage to hold those classes back for them. Shortly after arriving in the show hall, I received a text message from another exhibitor, to say that they were stuck in a very slow diversion around a closure on the M74. Over the next half our or so, several exhibitors also came up to the front to say that various friends had asked them to let us know that they were stuck in this same diversion.
In the end, we did what I had seen done at another show in the past, and asked the judges just to skip past any empty pens they came across in the first hour. The exhibitors who had the breakdown were the last to arrive, and they had also been caught in the diversion, of course. In the event, they were vetted in (we had kept one vet on standby) at 11:17, but it was definitely worth their while, because they went on to win not only an Olympian certificate, but also Best in Show!
Anyone working on a show at any level above Section Manager is not allowed to enter their cats in competition. Our cats therefore couldn’t compete, but we did take Small and Dàrna on exhibition. A few Cagarans had been entered in competition by their new owners, however, including Lainni, who won the Reserve Imperial and Best of Breed Tiffanie; Quinn, who had the Reserve Grand withheld on her (presumably for lack of silver undercoat, though she also wasn’t in the best mood); and Bobbie, in her first adult show, winning her 1st CC and Best of Breed Ocicat. Special mention has to go to Sarndra Devereux’s stunning Bombay boy, Tarby (GR CH Rainsong Jolly-Jack-Tar), who was Overall Best Foreign exhibit.
This year, Richard’s parents went off to Hong Kong and Thailand to visit friends over the Christmas holidays, so we spent the time with my family and various friends. As I said earlier, we also spent plenty of time with the cats, which has been lovely, because our lives are so busy the rest of the year that it’s sometimes difficult to find time just to… be with them, not doing anything.
The cats’ Christmas Dinners – roast beef trimmings and Applaws Tuna Loin. One plate per group, divided according to how many cats are in the group
We went to the family service at the church on Christmas Eve, where my Mum was singing in the choir, and then went back to Mum and Dad’s for a cup of tea. That turned into several hours of singing on the karaoke with my parents and Calum, and between that at the carol singing earlier in the evening, I was completely hoarse by the time we headed home at about 2am.
Christmas Day was at my parents this year, and due to my sister going off to her boyfriend’s for Christmas Dinner, my Grandparents going to one of my Aunts, and various other relatives linking up in various ways, there were only five of us for dinner. When Richard and I had dinner here two years ago, there were sixteen of us, so five was bizarrely few – my Mum hardly knew what to do with herself!
For New Year, Elisabeth and Tracey joined us for a snack-and-pizza tea, over the first half of a DVD. At 11:30, Tracey left (something to do with a superstition about first-footing herself), and we switched over to Jools Holland. A few minutes before midnight, we headed outside, and let off a firework on the front lawn at the bells, with a row of little furry faces watching from the house windows (our cats all love watching fireworks). Back inside, we opened a bottle of champagne, and then settled down to a night of DVD-watching, eventually heading to bed at 8am.
Getting up again at noon, we enjoyed our annual New Year cooked breakfast (including fruit dumpling and fried pancakes and potato scones, mmm!), over another DVD. Elisabeth and I ended up watching the Sound of Music on TV, and then we ran her home on our way to a family get-together at my Grandparents. There can surely be few better ways to spend time than with family, friends and a housefull of cats?!
We went to the Notts & Derbys show during the middle of last month, because it’s literally only fifteen minutes from Richard’s parents house, and can therefore be combined with a nice family visit. I wanted to see what some of the judges thought of Zuko and Frenchie, so we entered them in the HP section, and since we were taking them, we decided to take Ayla along for the ride. As it happens, she was actually awarded the Reserve Grand, beating one other, which was more than I expected, given her size. Zuko won his kitten class and he and his mum both had good results in their side classes. Our star of the show, though, was Frenchie, who placed well in all her sides, won her kitten class and beat her brother for ‘Best of Colour’, and then went on to win Best Pedigree Pet and then Best Household Pet. One of the judges wrote that she is a star in the making, and she certainly adored her day out at the show, so I’m hoping that we can find someone interested in taking her out again in future.
We really enjoyed the Shropshire Show last year, because we had a lovely day looking at potteries, and lunch at the Wedgewood museum. It is also pretty central to the AGCS Committee, so when we were discussing a potential venue for the club’s AGM, I suggested the Shropshire as the venue. That was agreed, and since I was obviously going to have to be there to take the minutes, we clearly had to enter!
We only took two – Dàrna to try for her final Imperial, and Small in her last time out as a kitten (she is 9 months today). Both girls were adorable as usual, and we got Small won her first and Best of Breed, getting some really encouraging comments from the judges in the process, which I was delighted about. However, what absolutely made our day was Dàrna taking that final Imperial, and in the process becoming the first Imperial Grand Champion that we have owned (our other Imperials have been neuters), and only the sixth Imperial-titled Tiffanie (Annas was the first, and there have been four in-between). She also made Donny the first cat we’ve owned to have two Imperial-titled parents. She will now be spayed and can retire from the hormone swings of being an entire.
When I last posted, we were trying to decide on an ‘H-name’ for Eiteag’s kitten, and we eventually settled on Haillie-a-Jo, which means ‘Totally a Sweetheart’ in old Scots. Her pet name comes directly from her pedigree name, and is Hailey. Her type has continued to develop beautifully, and still has the most amazing nature. We have also had her hernia operated on successfully, and she now flies round the room with her ‘siblings’, which is lovely to see. The vet and vet nurse told us that the muscle had been torn from the pelvic bone the whole way up to the rib-cage. The vet nurse said that when they first opened her up, they all just stood and looked for a few seconds, because they couldn’t believe the extent of the damage that her mum had caused. On a positive note, at least the fact that they could see that it had been torn means that we can put to bed any residual fears about genetic causes for the hernia!
Well, Tia, Lhasa and Tilly are finally back in season, so I’m thinking that we’ll give them one full call and then mate them on their next call, sometime next month. We may be totally mad, but since the three of them live together, and do everything together, we’re going to try mating the three at around the same time, and see if they’ll raise their kittens together. That would mean that we’d be having three litters in late spring/early summer. We’re going to try putting both Lhasa and Tia to Eiteag, since he is meant to be neutered after that, and I’d like to see what both girls produce with him, and Tilly to Donny. The latter mating, and Tia’s have the potential to give us a mixture of Tiffanies and Asian Shorthairs, but Lhasa’s litter would be guaranteed to be all Tiffs, which would be nice.
We’ve got a few shows lined up over the next three months, and are hoping to be able to get Small made up to Champion and Cheeky to Premier. After that, we’ve got nobody ‘needing’ to be titled, so I think we might take a break from showing and let our depleted cash reserves re-build! Who knows, though…
Donny won his third Imperial at the Cumberland, we had a good holiday, and the kittens continue to do well. The older kittens are now eight weeks old, and have names, but the little one is only four weeks old, and hasn’t yet been named.
It’s been just over four weeks since my last post, but not because there’s been anything wrong. We were away for a week’s holiday in the middle of last month, with Tracey looking after the cats, though we took Ayla and the kittens with us! Since we got back, I’ve been caught up with arrangements for the RACCS and West of Scotland shows in December, and completing judge bookings for next year’s Scotia show. This show management lark takes a ludicrous amount of time! In light of that, I will post the text just now, since it is written, and will add the photos on as I have them ready, so check back!
When I left off last time, Eiteag’s kitten was in with Ayla, because her mum had rejected her, but I was having to bottle-feed her to try and get her going. I went up a couple of times during the morning to give her another feed, but when I went up for lunch, she was latched onto Ayla, and suckling away. I tried putting her back with her mum again, at that point, but she behaved exactly as before, curling up to prevent the kitten gaining access to her teats, and then trying to bite the kitten whenever she tried to force her way in. I therefore gave her back to Ayla, and have continued to monitor her weight closely, because she has sometimes found it difficult to compete with the bigger kittens for milk, so I have given her a top-up feed whenever her gains haven’t been good.
We hadn’t planned on going to the Cumberland this year, because it was the day that we were meant to go on holiday. However, at the North West, I was persuaded to put in a late entry, since Eiteag hadn’t won his qualifying Grand that day, and Donny’s judge at the Cumberland was to be the same one who had just given his mum the Imperial, so seemed worth a punt. We pushed our holiday departure back by a day, but Richard stayed at home to get things ready, so I took the cats down the Cumberland myself.
I had an excellent day, having breakfast with Tracey after the cats were penned, and then the two of us headed off for a walk on Hadrian’s Wall, and climbed around the inside of a semi-ruined castle. We then went for lunch in the village of Brampton, and sat around chatting until after 3pm, so that the show was almost finished by the time we got back! When I penned the boys in the morning, they had both been in excellent moods, but the cat in the pen next to Eiteag was very growly, and he therefore shouted whenever he was taken out of his pen, just like his mum used to do. As a result, his judge decided not to handle him, and he was left unplaced, which was rather disappointing. Donny, on the other hand, followed his mum’s example from the previous show, and won the Imperial, in spite of having a very nice Abyssinian as competition. Perhaps Grace (the judge) is softening towards the Asians?
The following day, we were almost ready to go, when I decided that we couldn’t leave the kittens for Tracey to look after, and so we packed them up and took them with us. We were going for a week on a boat on the Clyde, but long-term readers of this blog will remember that we’ve had cats and kittens away on the boat before. In this case, we set up one of the forward toilets as a kitten pen, with a cardboard blockade across the door, and their heat mat, bed and litter tray on the floor. Ayla’s litter tray was in the shower, which she had to jump up to get into, so that kept the two trays separate, and her food and water was up on the worktop by the sink. Her kittens had their food and water on the wooden podium by the base of the toilet, which sounds a bit random, but the area had been thoroughly cleaned beforehand, and then lined with cardboard for extra safety.
The kittens hadn’t actually seen solid food before we arrived there, but when I put their biscuits down for them, there was such a fight over them that I ended up having to add a second dish, so that they could both eat at the same time. I’ve never had Asian kittens who are so protective of their food, so I presume that must come from the Australian Mist side. They also started using their trays for the first time over the first couple of days that we were away.
Obviously, Eiteag’s kitten wasn’t at that stage yet, not even having her eyes open at that point, but she was quite happy cuddled up in her little nest with Ayla to feed her. Each night and morning I brought the kittens through to our cabin to let them run around, and played with Ayla with a feather stick to wear off some of her excess energy. The little kitten would crawl around the bed for a bit, and then eventually settle down to sleep. Her eyes opened towards the end of our week away.
We had an excellent week, starting off by heading straight to Campbeltown, and seeing two Basking Sharks and a Minke whale on the way. We were there for a couple of days, which gave us a chance to do some walking, and then headed up the coast to Tarbert (on Loch Fyne). We saw the Minke whale at almost the same place as we had seen it on the way down, plus some Porpoise, and all manner of seabirds. A couple of days in Tarbert gave us a chance for some more walking, including going up into the castle, which was always cordoned off when I was younger, but has now been made safe, so that you can get up and into the tower.
On the Saturday, we headed across to where the dolphin lives (my brother has christened her ‘Kimi’, or something like that – a dolphin called Kimi. Really?!), and spent ages going back and forwards beside her territory, to let her come out and play under the bow. She doesn’t like people circling around her territory, nor does she like people getting into the water with her, but she absolutely loves being given the opportunity to ride a bow wave for a while. She won’t stray more than about half a mile, though, so you have to do figure-of-eights or circles beside her territory, to allow her to ride along without getting too far from home.
We spent the last night in the Kyles of Bute, and then headed back to Kip, where we’d left the car. The middle of that week saw me going down to London on the sleeper train, for a couple of business meetings, and the GCCF Council meeting. Having been away the previous week, Richard couldn’t take the time off to come down this time, so I did my best to speak for both the Scottish and West of Scotland clubs. It’s actually easier to speak for the West, because I’m on the Committee and therefore get to hear what the Committee think about things, whereas the Scottish doesn’t tend to tell me what they want said.
The following weekend was the Yorkshire show, which we had been planning to do ever since we weren’t able to visit Richardson’s Rosettes when we were down for the Teesside. Richardson’s make the rosettes for both the RACCS and West of Scotland shows, so we wanted to visit them to view their various ribbons etc. They were up in Perth for a show the day of the Teesside, so we arranged with them that we would come and see them when we came down for the Yorkshire. It’s still a trip of a couple of hours, but it’s less than half the distance that it would be from home! We had a great trip there, beginning with a chat about what the clubs were looking for, over tea and home-made cake, and then rummaging through their stacks and stacks of ribbon. What better way to spend an afternoon?!
Anne Gregory was going to be doing the Imperials for both Dàrna and Donny, and since she loves both of them, this was a great opportunity to try and get Dàrna’s last certificate, in particular. Steve Crow was doing the female neuter Olympian, so I also decided to bring Annas down just in case the competition wasn’t too strong. As expected, though, her Olympian class was huge, and very competitive, so she didn’t place. That didn’t bother me, but I was rather more miffed about the Imperials – Anne hadn’t been able to come to the show, and so the classes had been reassigned, which is fine, but they had been given to judges who I know don’t like Dàrna and Donny. Shirley Bullock was given Dàrna’s class, and she has never liked Dàrna, so I certainly wouldn’t have entered if she had been the judge originally, and Donny’s was judged by Maria Chapman-Beer, who withheld the Reserve on Donny at the Chester, and therefore definitely wouldn’t have been chosen for him. I don’t mind losing to better cats, but it is really annoying to have the judge changed to a judge who you know is never going to give the certificate to your cats. Humph!
Okay, so now we can bring the kittens up-to-date. Ayla’s two were eight weeks old yesterday, and the little one was four weeks (both litters were born on Wednesdays). The big kittens are absolute hooligans, careering around the room like a small herd of elephants. The boy is definitely the gentler of the two, and likes to come under the covers for a cuddle, but once his sister realises he’s there, she starts pouncing on him from on top of the covers, and your nice cuddle descends into anarchy that generally ends with him being rapidly ejected from the bed! They are very sweet, and love people, but the girl is definitely more boisterous than I would expect from an Asian, so I presume that’s the Australian influence. When she’s worn herself out, she adores cuddling up on someone, and looking like butter wouldn’t melt, and giving cute little kisses, but beware trying to cuddle when she wants to play – it doesn’t work!
Eiteag’s kitten, on the other hand, is very wide-eyed and watchful, and is one of the gentlest kittens I’ve ever come across. She just lies there in your hands, and if you stroke along her side, she rolls onto her back to get you to stroke her tummy. If she’s not asleep then she’s watching what’s going on, and will answer back when spoken to, which is very cute. In the past few days she has grown big enough to start pouncing back when the big kittens jump on her, and she will roll around with them, but she’s still far too small to really hold her own in a kitten tussle. She is just at the stage of starting to try the big kittens’ wet foods, but she’s not found any that she’s really enamoured with yet. Ayla thinks it is high time the kittens stopped feeding, though (fair enough when you consider that hers are eight weeks old, but not so good for the four-week-old), so we’re hoping that the little one decides to wean fairly soon.
The older litter is our ‘G’ litter, and since these kittens can’t be shown under their pedigree names, we don’t have to use the less obscure names. We’ve decided on Griseánach for the girl, which means ‘Rascal’, and is pronounced Krish-nach (ch as in loch), and Gliocas for the boy, which means ‘Sensible’, and is pronounced Klikas. Their pet names are nothing to do with their pedigree names, though, and were chosen by Tracey. Since the girl likes to give kisses, Tracey named her ‘Frenchie’, and since ‘Frenchie’ is a character in Grease, the boy is called ‘Zuko’. We haven’t decided on either pet or pedigree names for the little one yet, but I think her pet name is probably going to be either Rizzo or Sandy. There are no Gaelic words beginning with the letter ‘h’, because ‘h’ is used in lenition (a morphological feature of the Gaelic language, used in various places, but for instance to indicate past tense – see http://www.gaelicgrammar.org/~gaelic/mediawiki/index.php/Lenition), which means that it comes after letters and not before them. We are therefore looking at various Scots words and names instead of Gaelic for this one.
Ayla’s kittens continue to gain well, and both have their eyes open – the boy all the way, and the girl partially.
They are both growing well, the boy being over 240g and the girl over 220g already, at 11 1/2 days. Based on the usual target of gaining birth weight each week, their target weights for Wednesday night (14 days) are 267g for the boy and 273g for the girl, so the boy is well on track for that, and the girl just a smidge short of it.
The girl was the first to start opening her eyes, but when the boy started, his opened almost straight away, whereas the girl has opened hers rather slowly over the course of a few days. His are now both fully open, and the girl’s eyes are basically 3/4 open. Thankfully, we’ve never had any problems with eyes opening, but I know plenty of people who have had issues with discharge or stickiness, so I’m always wary for the first few days after the eyes start to open. I think we’re past the danger period now, though, so I can stop fretting!
Ayla has continued to be a fabulous mum, keeping her kittens clean and warm, yet is perfectly happy to have them handled. They are quite squeaky at the moment, making lots of noise when we take them out to weigh them, though they quieten down a lot when we’re just stroking them. Ayla lets us know when they have had enough, by taking them out of our hands to put them back in the nest box.
As usual, I am undecided on colour at the moment. Both kittens have a chocolatey tone to the edges and backs of their ears, so I’m pretty sure they’re both either chocolate or lilac. The girl is a shade paler than the boy, but I don’t know whether that means that she is lilac and he is chocolate, or just that she is silver and he is non-silver. I am told that with BCR kittens they will probably be at least three weeks old before we can tell for sure, so at the moment it’s just a case of waiting!
We’re off down to the North West show this coming weekend, so I will try and post a show update early next week – let’s see if I actually manage!
The precise hair follicles are put meticulously into zones of hair loss using the patented implanter pen. The professional hair transplant Physicians use this precision put into action to implant the hair to imitate the angle and direction of advancement of Every person's unique hair which is unique to them.Most cancers has an effect on family and … Read More
To request a totally free session on line be sure to finish the form below and certainly one of our client advisors will Call you immediately.With our skilled and really expert staff, you may come to feel in Protected hands and perceive the value of top quality treatments. We have been devoting ourselves to trying to keep the customer pleasure at t… Read More
Hair transplants are an exacting and high-priced operation wherever a doctor or technician would make thousands of small incisions for the entrance of your scalp, then normally takes hair follicles through the back of The top and inserts them into All those incisions while in the front.Organ donation is feasible after cardiac Loss of life in a few … Read More
All independent clinics and hospitals that provide beauty operation in England should be registered with the CQC. The CQC publishes inspection experiences and functionality scores that can help people today decide on care.Within this page you will discover detailed information about hair transplant UK in detail and in a comprehensive way. When yo… Read More
Organ donors may very well be dwelling, Mind lifeless, or dead through circulatory Demise.[1] Tissue might be recovered from donors who die of circulatory Demise, in addition to of brain Dying – as many as 24 hours previous the cessation of heartbeat. Compared with organs, most tissues (except for corneas) is usually preserved and stored for near… Read More
The TIOBE Programming Community index gives an indication of the popularity of programming languages. The index is updated once a month. The ratings are based on the world-wide availability of skilled engineers, courses and third party vendors. The popular search engines Google, MSN, and Yahoo! are used to calculate the ratings. Observe that the TIOBE index is not about the best programming language or the language in which most lines of code have been written.
The index can be used to check whether your programming skills are still up to date or to make a strategic decision about what programming language should be adopted when starting to build a new software system. The definition of the TIOBE index can be found here.
Description: To whom it may concern we are here by looking to fill in the position of a Personal Assistant, Housekeeper and Driver are needed as soon as... More details »
By submitting your contact information, you are agreeing to be contacted regarding your service request, using email, phone or text, including automatically dialed and/or prerecorded phone calls or messages to the phone number provided above, including your wireless number, if you provided one. Consent is not a condition of purchase.
Horses born at W. Charlot Farms have represented Canada at World Cup Final in Show Jumping and won Silver at Pan Am Games in Dressage. We are USEF Hunter Breeder of the Year for 12 (!) of the past 14 years. more
Our stallions have sired several international Dressage horses, Showjumpers, and many of the best Hunters currently competing in North America. more
This episode of "Who We Are" focuses on Baltimore City Council President Bernard "Jack" Young and Labor Commissioner Deborah Moore-Carter.... More
Peeps.. can you all give me a hand and post any abbreviations you can think off that is regularly used on the forum.. mainly about cars if possible...
lol Sleeper = Immaculate standard car with big motor (money spent on body to make it look original but not stand out)
btw. why do people say good condition when the paint on the roof is faded and turning into dandrufy looking sh1t.
don't think i am going to take this lightly, now excuse me while i go around telling everyone i see that i know more about something than 6Boost Kyle
ContractJobHunter powered by Contract Employment Weekly - FAA Assembler - PDS Tech Inc. is hiring a FAA Assembler, at the Rocky Mount, NC Honeywell Distribution Warehouse.Summary: Assembles fabricated parts at floor stations.Tests and calibrates parts an..
Camping is different these days. No more rushing about trying to set the tent up in the pouring rain. No more huddling under soaking fabric walls wondering whether they will leak and where.
Here's the new look. I'm getting so decadent, it occurred to me I could plug in an electric blanket should it get chilly... How quickly one adapts to new realities! I will, of course, be facing Nature in her rough 'n raw state once the paddling begins, but the road to the put-in has taken on more civilized surroundings.
The first sea kayak I bought was purchased to fulfill a dream and a promise I'd made to myself when I was 25 years old. I told myself I would return one day to Igloolik, a community in Nunavut, Canada where I'd lived for the better part of two years. It had been a wonderful period of learning and growing up among the best of all environments, the arctic and with the best of people, the Inuit.
Walking into a kayak shop one day 30 years later and seeing some kayaks on the wall, I knew I had the means to return to Igloolik, to work that dream. A year later, I paddled into the community under the mid-night sun with many of my old friends waiting for me on the beach.
I am selling that kayak. I have put up ads here and there and will have to let go if a purchaser appears with the cash. Life is about collecting and letting go of our collected goods. I will be sad, but I've moved past that particular boat. It really is time to move on. With a smile.
Who among us does not enjoy a challenge? If you're one of those who lives in a northern clime, then the spring is a time of rapid renewal and growth in the natural world and by extension in our lives as well. The urge to head out on an adventure which grows our souls is nearly irresistible.
Two Québeçois have made it to the top of Mount Everest this past week. There's news of some kayakers about to head out to paddle a nearly uninhabited section of the Greenland coast and another will go around Iceland. Yet another is going around Nova Scotia. I'm itching to leave as well...
A friend of mine from London, Ontario has taken yet another route. She is walking the pilgrim's way through northern Spain to Santiago de Compostela. She left St Jean Pied de Port about 10 days ago and has been emailing about 30 of us regular reports from along her route. Now about 220 kms into the pilgrimage, her life has already been full of adventure and drama, tears and joy. How I wish I was there to share the experience...
My own route to adventure will first lead me west in the next couple of weeks and then east to Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia in July where I hope to paddle with friends both met and yet unknown. I can't wait! First, though, there's the matter of the crack in my basement wall. The backhoe arrives at the beginning of next week...
How long ago was it that one never saw a Greenland skin-on-frame boat (SOF) or a Greenland style paddle? I remember in the late 1990's when Maligiaq was in Montreal preparing for the 'Traversée' across the St Lawrence river people made fun of his 'skinny stick' wooden paddle. They didn't laugh after the race was over. Many must have wondered what had happened, how had he got so far ahead of them?
Last weekend not only were at least half the paddlers using Greenland sticks, there were several other SOF kayaks present. It's a good sign of changing times and how the sport of kayaking is open to old ideas and new, interested in exploring every facet of itself. I like that feeling!
It isn't every day when you get to take out a brand new kayak design and then return to the beach and chat with the designer and other company officers! This happy opportunity occurred at the Grand Rassemblement 2008 last weekend. A number of the Maelström personnel had brought several examples of their company's new boats, the Vaåg and the Vitäl for people to demo on the waters of Lac Megantic.
In this short video seqment, you can readily see the distinctive 'pectoral' stripes which grace each boat. I liked the way it distinquished the boats from the multitude of other designs on the water. The hull shape is also very 'English' in the modern sense and has much in common with the Rockpool and Tiderace boats which have become quite popular overseas.
Paddling either the Vaåg and Vitäl was a pleasure. Both track very well regardless of the wind direction and while we didn't have much in the way of wind or waves, both boats seemed little affected by sudden side gusts, even with their skegs up. Edged turns were easy to make, the boat having lots of secondary stability. It was even possible to spin the boat 180° with a single paddle stroke as the ends lift well clear of the water on a lean! Rolling and balance bracing was a snap, especially with the low rear deck and comfortable layback position.
Putting the skeg down and cranking on the paddle produced good acceleration and an easily obtained cruising speed. The boats seem to run on rails yet have a light feel and seem to want to play when you do. I would guess these boats would make the perfect companion out on the ocean and skirting through a rock garden.
Which boat did I like best? Perhaps the Vaåg, but only because I liked its slightly longer length of 17'4" compared to the Vitäl's 16'6". Both boats are serious contenders in the world of high end, high quality kayaks. If you're looking for something in that range, you owe it to yourself to look closely at a Maeström! As for myself, I'm begging you to send in your pocket change. I really want one of these boats...
My SOF seen here down at the water's edge was in excellent company last weekend! One of the fun things about attending a kayaking event is the chance it provide of trying out a variety of boats which are new to you. The Rassemblement provided a wealth of boats, some familiar, but never paddled, and some totally new to me.
Among the boats were Boreal's new Baffin, a plastic kayak with a nice, flat rear deck which I liked.
There were several of Valley's new plastic boats as well, specifically a Nordkapp and an Avocet. They seemed well made and nicely laid out and equiped. A couple of older Anas Acutas were also present. There were some Swedish boats in attendance including this blue plastic Point 65° seen here next to the red Avocet on the right.
I went out for a brief paddle in this CLC Shearwater 16, the original narrower version. I'd thought about building one of these kit boats earlier in the spring and was happy to try it out before taking on the task.
It was a big surprise to see one of the new Skim's, a beautifully made composite boat which I took out for a spin. My first impression was it's amazing length. Looking over the foredeck gave me a real sense of being in a powerful craft that really wanted to travel! I'd just paddled one of the new Maelstrom boats, so was a bit intimated with the Skim's size, but once underway I was pleasantly taken with it's speed and easy manoeuvrability. Lay-backs were easy as well as balance braces. The quality of finish and the brilliant yellow and red striped finish was an awesome sight both on and off the water.
Ever wonder where you could go for a few nights of lakeside camping with a couple hundred friends, paddle all you like, take part in workshops, listen to information sessions, trip accounts and try out lots of new kayaks all for only $25? This year I spent my money at Québec's Grand Rassemblement 2008 kayaking event in Piopolis. To make the event even a bit more interesting, I took my brand new (to me) Go-Camp mini-trailer. I picked it up north of Montreal last Friday afternoon and was on the road ready to paddle on Saturday morning. I am extremely pleased with how well the Go-Camp tows behind my light car. The gas mileage seems to be no worse that when car-topping my kayak alone! It is comfortable, airy and pleasant to be in. Not at all what one might think of life in a small box on wheels!
Here is the view of the beach and waterfront from the municipal camp-grounds. Over the next few days I'll post more information on the event and some of the boats I got to paddle. Some of them are brand spanking new boats from new companies, and others were very rare examples, seldomly seen in North America. It made for a very interesting weekend!
Okay, it isn't exactly a Teardrop trailer, but it's close. Most of the traditional Teardrops have a kitchen arrangement which is accessed via a rear hatch. This Go-Camp does not. Instead it has more useable room inside and in a trailer this small, more room means a lot! Just look at all that cupboard space! The floorplan is roughly 4' by 8'. I plan to set up a portable kitchen unit in the hatch of my car. The advantage being it can be used when tenting as well as when pulling the trailer. Clever, eh?
Because the exterior shape does not follow the 'tear' shape I get other bonuses. This trailer had a previous owner who took advantage of the flatter roof and installed a set of roof bars. At the moment, these have a bike holder installed and I will probably put a set of kayak holders on the bars so I can transport a second boat easily.
I will miss camping in the rain, I suppose and this will increase my carbon footprint a bit, but older bones know best. A warm cozy place to camp will be welcome, especially when I feel like entertaining!
Every now and then I hear someone mention how much better their life would be if only their spouse or one of their friends was closer to being their 'soul-mate'. Most of us have heard that term applied to paddling couples. Perhaps we even think we know some soul-mate paddling couples. Personally, I believe the paddling soul-mate idea is a bit of a fantasy, a phantom relationship, which can lure us away from what we really want in life. Here are my thoughts on the subject...
A healthy relationship is one in which each party is devoted to supporting the well-being of the other. A mature relationship is one in which each party assumes responsibility for his or her individuation, and supports others in their efforts. Sounds easy on paper, but we all know, it is often difficult to carry out in practice. The level of maturity it demands of both parties often asks a great deal of each of us. However, if I can reasonably assume my companion is not here to make my life work for me, but intends instead to support my own efforts at life-building, then I will have made a huge stride towards cleaning up the debris which hampers and impairs our relationship. In turn, I am not in a relationship for the role purpose of seeing that my companion enjoys my idea of a full, rewarding life. That's their business. Instead, my role is to support the life that individual creates and to celebrate whatever it becomes.
To set out on a soul-mate quest as if I was missing some critical component of my life is thus a false endeavour. Far better, to try to become who you really want to be independently, asking for help when you need it. When you encounter others on the same path, support their similar efforts. Don't try to direct or control them. Don't try to grab on to them in an effort to complete yourself. Let them be. If it happens your paths become parallel ones, then enjoy that relationship. Call it 'soul-mating', if you like, but be prepared for the storms and calms as they appear. Learn to weather them. Remember you will always be two individuals, perhaps even paddling similar routes side by side. You'll never become one.
Perhaps that's why we love dogs. They support us, but don't try to change us or control us and ask impossible things of us. They love to walk along side of us. Such healthy, mature beasts! Soul-mates!
You know the scene. You're in the parking lot at the put-in changing into your drysuit or whatever, you're trying to be discreet and all of a sudden, you wish you had a better place to change.
Well, if you have a hatch at the rear of your car, then here's my idea for an almost instant, private changing room. Step one is to pick up a light weight tarp. Mine is 5' x 8'. You'll have to measure your hatch door to see what size is best for you. If you're really handy you could custom make the tarp to fit the hatch opening. Next step is to acquire some 'super magnets', the tiny silvery things stacked together in the picture above. Sew them into the tarp's long hem in places where it makes sense to hang the tarp from the opened hatch. I also sewed a couple of magnets into the two short hems so the tarp sides could clip onto the car's sides. This prevents the wind from suddenly opening the door, as it were. Using magnets allows the tarp to be put up and taken down very almost instantly.
By keeping my gear in the rear of my car along with a little piece of carpet to sit on, I now change in peace, in private and in comfort. No children have screamed in horror and no grannies have fainted from fright that I'm aware of... Another bonus is staying dry when changing in the rain!
Each year about this time the Inuit of the Eastern Arctic stage a dog sled race from one village to another. The sleds used are traditional kamotik, not the basket style sleds seen in races in the western arctic. Prize money is $10,000 so lots of time and effort go into preparing a team for the race.
This year the race went from Iglulik northwards 500 kms or more to Arctic Bay on northwestern Baffin Island. A great place to see some photos and read about the arrival is on Clare's blog. I won't steal one of his photos. You'll just have to go and see them yourself!
Like most of the local lakes, Lake Massawippi's various municipalities require people using the lake to purchase an annual sticker to attach to one's boat. The rationale for this, clearly stated on the sticker, is to pay for the fight against a possible invasion of the dreaded invasive zebra mussel. I gather the dreadful colours of the stickers somehow scare away the mussel spawn... The cost of the sticker gradually rose to $25 for the first boat and $10 for additional ones. I have always bought my sticker under protest claiming it was a tax grab by the municipalities who used poor science in their fight against the zebra, not to mention their slack approach to washing and checking incoming boats at launch sites. Motors and bait wells are never rinsed out and so on. Aircraft from all over the place freely land on the lake, carrying the mussel spawn from place to place. Of course they never get checked...
Yesterday I drudged down to buy my stickers and got a little surprise. The price had changed! Now people using non-powered boats only pay $5. Well, I applaud the price drop - anything to encourage non-motorized boating - but it does prove my point that the stickers are a tax. With the cost of checking boats for spawn rising, how could the sticker price drop? My mussel tax sticker is now on my kayak, but I wonder if I have blundered by putting them on the back deck. Will the mussels die of fright if they can't see the stickers? Perhaps I should practice rolling more often. That will scare the little buggers!
Spring weather is always flip-flopping back and forth like an indecisive child, but today was wonderfully warm and slightly breezy. A good day to paddle, to get out on the water, to warm up the muscles and exercise the brain. There's always lots to think about when paddling!
I thought about people I know, one leaving to walk the Camino, the pilgrim's way in Spain, another taking photos of bear scats in Newfoundland, another strangely quiet these days. Then there was where to go paddling this summer. As usual, my search for companions to go around PEI has drawn a blank. Not even Cape Breton brought them out. Lower North Shore, anyone? Going once... twice...?
Time to head back to the put-in, four hours is enough for today. Enough paddle/thinking for one day!
I got out for a paddle yesterday on Lake Massawippi. Some fishers were out on the sun drenched surface, but not a soul was prepared to go for a swim. Good thing too, because the water was freezing, it's icy cover only having disappeared on April 22nd.
I was dressed for a swim, but the calm conditions meant it wouldn't be likely. My hands were frozen by the drips running down my Greenland style paddle. I'd forgotten just how cold water can get and still be liquid!
Hopefully others will not be seduced by the sun's heat into an early swim without wearing proper gear. In their favour however, one of the progressive steps to freezing to death is the sensation of burning up with heat. An interesting 'serves-you-right' reaction I suppose. One of the body's little ironic tricks.
IsumaTV translates into English as 'ThinkTV', almost an oxymoron these days, but Igloolik's multifacited production team has really made us TV viewers think. They've recently posted an interview with the head of Isuma, Zach Kunnuk. Here's how it begins...
I was nine when I came into Igloolik. I was on Baffin Island, living on the land, and I saw the last of that era - my family living in a sod house, my father getting ready to go dog-teaming early in the morning, mother waking me up saying, "Go get your dog," because nobody else could catch my dog. (In those days all dogs were loose, outside). I would go out and the dog would come to me, and I'd give it to my father. He harnessed it, and I would go back to sleep. I was just about old enough to go out with the men dog-teaming, and then I had to go to school; so I just saw a little bit of that life.
I recommend reading the rest. The man behind the film 'Atanarjuat' and the 'Journals of Knud Rasmussen' has much to say. Enjoy!
Did you know that a new mall has opened up at the Expo Area? I find it incredible that a mall just sprouted out of no where just like that, without me even noticing the construction works right until about a month before Changi City Point was due to open. One thing I like about Changi City Point is it’s spacious feel. Aside from the layout of the shops that has been designed in a way to minimised on the cluttered feeling, Changi City Point has tried to incorporate greenery within the mall itself!
I find these “gardens in an air well” so very unique! Creativity at its best! You have no idea how helpful it is to be able to see some sunlight while inside an enclosed building! I’m sure the sales assistants who work here must be glad for these. My friend found the air well useful in aiding his meditation while pondering an issue of utmost importance, the question of why I was late. A few kids came into the air well while he was meditating and commented that the water was deep. Actually it isn’t really, hardly reaches the knee level of an adult! Mollycoddled kids who have never been out in the open?
This area kind of reminds me of Marina Bay Sands Casino area. I haven’t been to the Casino, the Celebrity Restaurants area is circular like this, and from the 2nd floor, you can peer down into the Casino area.
I had a voucher for a free coffee. We got the largest latte available and shared the drink. There was more than enough for both of us to have.
Pictures of some of the shops that have opened at Changi City Point. There’s Cold Storage, Kuriya, Ichiban Bento, Bagus Food Court, Manhattan Fish Market amongst other shops. There’s even a floor dedicated to quite a number of Outlet stores. There is a Nike, Addidas, Esprit Outlet store and more that I can’t remember. For a full listing of the shops at Changi City Point, visit Fraser Centrepoint Mall’s website for Changi City Point’s shop directory. I find it interesting that the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is directly opposite Starbucks. You would think that competing coffee chains would want to situate themselves apart to minimise on the cannibalization. I also found it interesting that Starbucks was full while Coffee Bean wasn’t. I tend to think that Starbucks serves coffee flavoured milk aka Cafe Latte. Today my colleague even mentioned that if you choose a black coffee, it’s just coffee flavoured water! There can be only one reason why people visit Starbucks as often as they do, which is that it’s just less taxing on the brain to patronise a store that provides familiarity and consistency, even if the products leave much to be desired.
There are TWO food courts at Changi City Point! If you ask me, Koufu looks much better than Bagus. It’s brighter and cleaner looking. There seems to be a couple of brand name food stalls. Saw some famous oyster omelette stall. But other than that, I don’t know if the food is actually better in Koufu than in Bagus. One thing’s for sure though, if you have kids, and you want them to sit down quietly to have their meal without fidgeting, go to Bagus instead. Koufu faces the children’s Water Park area. You can see it through the glass walls of Koufu, and I can tell you even I was enticed to go play at the water park! There’s no way the kids are going to sit still when they see that right outside the food court! Btw, the plate of chicken rice is from Bagus. Put that there to make up the square.
I had lunch with my friend at Bagus. That was before I realised that there was another food court called Koufu. Bagus is more centrally located whereas Koufu is right in the corner of the building next to the water playground. The chicken rice tasted nice. Didn’t have any complaints about it, but it wasn’t super fantastic. They were rather generous with the liver. When I have chicken rice, I always order liver. Love the taste, texture and it boosts my iron levels, something that ladies tend to be low in. Sometimes, I love the liver even more than the chicken itself.
My friend bought his lunch from the Filipino food stall. Can’t remember the name of this but this is vegetables and meat in some peanut sauce. The first mouthful of sauce I had was great. It was rich with flavours. But as you can see, the sauce was quite heavy and oily, so I got sick of it after a while.
Love this shop selling cute doggie snacks. Check out the little comb shaped snacks on the left. Wish I had a dog, I would lavish him with all these pretty treats!!! Does anyone have a dog or a cat they would like me to babysit? I would love to offer my cat/dog pet sitting services while you are away on holiday or something.
There’s a good “GRILL” aka BBQ stall in Bagus Food Court which serves really good bbq chicken in different flavors – sweet, spicy or sourish (Inasal which is popular in Philippines). They are the only stall in SIngapore that sells grilled Tuna steak, head or jaw.
The data relating to Huntsville AL Real Estate on this Web site derive in part from the Valley MLS IDX datashare program. © 2016 Valley MLS, Inc. All information provided is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified.
The 3rd –5th curriculum centers around the acquisition of necessary skills to stimulate and continue the learning process by building on prior knowledge and developmental skills. Appropriate activities are designed to allow each child to meet New York State learning standards with success and positive feelings toward learning these standards.
Using various instructional materials, students in these elementary grades are continuing to develop necessary skills in the areas of ELA, Spelling, Math, Science and Social Studies. All students are preparing for the New York State assessments in ELA and Math. In addition, fourth graders are assessed by the New York State in the area of Science, while fifth graders are assessed the area of Social Studies.
Visit Our Store for More Great Items. Intercooler Kit For 05-07 Mazdaspeed6 2.3L Turbo. BOLT ON FITMENT, No Any Other Modification. Comes with Aftermarket BOV, Re-circulated to keep Optimized factory ECU Tuning. Unlike other kit that has very long piping route that causes very larger boost pressure drop, CXRacing's kit is designed with Short Route run, highly efficient, with almost no pressure drop difference compare to stock top mount IC when running stock boost.
It is a complete new design from Ground up, comes with Aluminum and Stainless Brackets. 4 stainless Steel Brackets hold the intercooler securely, attached to a Polished Aluminum Bracket on the top. Note: This kit needs to remove or relocate Factory Windshield Reservoir Tank. Front Bumper and under guard panel need to be trimmed.
Keeps Crash Bar, no need to modify. Completely Bolt on, no cut, no other mod. Replace Top Mount intercooler to Front Mount. Big Front Mount Intercooler, Good for 400 HP.
2.5 Polished Aluminum Piping kit. Enforced Silicon hoses and stainless T-Clamps. Our New Products are developed in the US on our own race cars, fully Tested with fitment and Performance. All Race Cars Below Use CXRACING Products. We sell most of our products internationally. PR, Guam, VI , AK, APO, HI.
The item "Cxracing Bolt-on Intercooler Piping Kit BOV For 05-07 Mazdaspeed6 2.3L Turbo" is in sale since Wednesday, June 15, 2011. This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Car & Truck Parts\Turbos, Nitrous, Superchargers\Turbo Chargers & Parts". The seller is "just-intercoolers" and is located in Hacienda Heights, California. This item can be shipped worldwide.
Florida gave up a first period lead within a couple minutes of earning it but eventually took advantage of a late even-strength tally to down divisional rival South Carolina. The win put Florida into a first-place tie with Gwinnett for the South Division lead. The Everblades, who ratcheted up the offense a notch in hitting 40 shots on goal against the Stingrays, also hold a game in hand on the Gladiators. Danick Gauthier notched his third assist, a primary dish on the power play approaching the midpoint of the first, of the season. It was Gauthier's third-straight game with a point and the fourth time in five games he registered at least a goal or an assist. Though he wasn't credited as being one of the stars of the game, Pat Nagle, back in net for Florida after being assigned from AHL Syracuse following the return of Cedrick Desjardins to the Crunch, turned in a stellar performance with 29 stops on 30 shots against. Alex Hutchings also was back in the lineup for the Everblades after being returned by AHL Syracuse. Florida (33-20-11, 77 PTS) continues its five-game home stand Friday night when it squares of against South Carolina(34-25-7, 75 PTS) in the second of three consecutive matches the two teams will play against each other.
Florida fell behind 1-0 midway through the second period before evening the score with just over seven minutes remaining to force the extra session but Kalamazoo claimed the extra point by prevailing in the shootout. It was a tough-luck loss for netminder Jesse Deckert, who, making his fourth start for Florida, has put up some pretty decent numbers (2.45 GAA, .925 SV%, averaging 30 saves per game) after signing a try-out contract. Danick Gauthier had the primary dish on the lone Everblades goal, an even-strength tally defenseman Mike Ratchuk. Gauthier has now registered at least a point in three of the four games he has played since being assigned from AHL Syracuse and is also averaging 3.5 shots per game. Florida (32-20-11, 75 PTS) starts a five-game home stand with a crucial match, the first of three consecutive, against South Carolina (34-24-7, 75 PTS), which is tied with the Everblades in the South Division standings, Wednesday night.
Danick Gauthier's three-point (2 G, 1 A) night helped power visiting Florida over host Fort Wayne for their fourth-straight win, which moved the Everblades within a point of Gwinnett, which lost, for the South Division lead on Saturday night. Jesse Deckert, a 26-year old netminder signed to a tryout contract, moved to 3-0 after starting Florida's last three games. Gauthier, making his fourth appearance since being assigned to the Everblades from AHL Syracuse, showcased the offensive prowess he possesses in his big frame with two power play tallies in the first and second periods, in both cases working his way around the net to grab and bury loose rebounds, and by adding the only assist on Florida's second short-handed goal and last of the evening late in the third frame. Charles Landry's ground-breaking point streak (2 games) came to a screeching halt while fellow defender Dan Milan was inactive. Florida (32-20-10, 74 PTS) finishes its road swing with an afternoon match against Kalamazoo (31-26-4, 67 PTS).
Florida blew a 1-1 tie open with two goals in the second period, another early in the final period and then kept pace with a couple late Fort Wayne strikes to earn its third-straight victory. The win kept the Everblades in sole possession of second-place in the South division, with two games in hand on South Carolina, which trails by a point, and with three games in hand on Gwinnett, which has a lead of three points. A primary assist on Matthew Pistilli's empty-netter gave Dan Milan his first multigame point streak of the season. Charles Landry's two secondary helpers gave him his first points since rejoining the club in late February. Florida (31-20-10, 72 PTS) and Fort Wayne (29-29-3, 61 PTS) square off again Saturday night.
Defenseman Brent Henley scored the game-winner with just 26 seconds remaining in overtime to give Florida, which squandered a 4-1 lead it had built up over the course of the first two periods, a key victory that keeps the visitors in the hunt for the South Division title. Danick Gauthier, in his first game action after being assigned from Syracuse, scored the fourth goal for the Everblades midway through the second period after throwing the puck on net from the boards and getting a fortunate bounce off the opposing goalkeeper. Dan Milan pounced on loose rebound for his first goal in 32 games, which gave the visitors a 2-1 lead late in the first frame. Florida (30-20-10, 70 PTS) continues its four-game road trip Friday night against Fort Wayne (29-28-3, 61 PTS).
Florida got back to winning ways, taking a 3-1 lead early in the third period that held up against Gwinnett, which struck late with the man advantage to make things a bit more interesting in the final minute. Florida outshot the Gwinnett 15-7 in the final frame and 36-26 in the contest. After surrendering three or more goals in his last four starts, Pat Nagle was sharp in net for the Everblades. Alex Hutchings remains with Syracuse of the AHL. Florida (29-20-10, 68 PTS) begins a four-game road trip with a Wednesday night tilt against Cincinnati (37-17-6, 80 PTS). The Cyclones currently sit atop the North Division standings.
Florida was able narrow the gap to one after falling behind by a couple goals midway through the first and late in the second periods not after Readingstruck again in final frame. The Everblades held the Royals to just 19 shots on goal in the contest but the visitors won the special teams battle, scoring on three of their five power play chances while limiting Florida to just one conversion on an equal number of opportunities with the man-advantage. Charles Landry, just returned from his call-up to Syracuse, was back in the lineup for the first time in three weeks. Alex Hutchings remains with the Lightning's AHL affiliate. Florida (28-19-10, 66 PTS) next hosts Gwinnett (34-23-3, 71 PTS), currently at the head of the South division standings, Friday night.
Despite being more than doubled up in shots, Florida dispatched their heavyweight divisional rivals for the third-straight time, this time at home after taking both wins on the road over the weekend, to move within two points of a tie for 1st place. Florida built up a commanding 5-2 lead heading into the final frame on the strength of three power play tallies, including two in the first ten minutes of the contest. Both teams had six opportunities with the man advantage but Gwinnett, to Florida's credit, was only able to convert once. Gwinnett scored a shorthanded goal with nine seconds remaining in regulation to top off a furious third period comeback attempt during which the Gladiators held the Everblades to just two shots while posting fourteen of their own. Florida's captain and leading scorer Mathieu Roy notched a hat trick. Pat Nagle served as backup to Rob Madore for the third-straight game. Alex Hutchings and Charles Landry remain with Syracuse of the AHL. After playing four games over the last five days, Florida (28-17-9, 65 PTS) has a couple days to rest before playing host to Evansville (19-30-5, 43 PTS), which currently brings up the rear of the North Division, on Friday night.
Corey Trivino converted a penalty shot attempt late in the second period to push Florida, which played its third-consecutive game in as many days, out to a 3-1 lead that stood through the remainder of the contest. The win marked back-to-back victories over their South Division-leading rivals and pulled the ‘Blades to within four points of first-place. Florida was outshot 40-25 in the match. Both teams went 0-for-4 with the man-advantage. With Alex Hutchings and Charles Landry still up with Syracuse of the AHL, Dan Milan and Pat Nagle, who again sat as backup, were the only Lightning prospects in the lineup. Florida (27-17-9, 63 PTS), which has won eleven of its last thirteen matches, and Gwinnett (32-21-3, 67 PTS) reconvene Tuesday in Estero in what will be the Everblades' fourth game in five nights.
Florida rallied back after falling behind 2-0 in the first minute of the second period but South Carolina scored late in the third period to earn its third-straight victory and pull within a point of the visiting Everblades in the South division standings. After going scoreless over the past six games, Dan Milan registered a secondary assist on Brody Sutter's second-period goal which tied the game heading into the final frame. Pat Nagle is now 1-1 with a shootout loss in five February appearances. Florida (24-17-9, 57 PTS) continues its road trip against Greenville (29-17-5, 63 PTS) on Friday night.
Concerto Services offer independent support services for the social care and lifelong learning sectors.
Save on shipping costs when you purchase a product from ConcessionPalace.com. All 36 oz. popcorn machines are sold cheap to assist you to quickly get your return on investment.
When you want the aroma to influence the crowd to buy popcorn, go for the open top Cornado and let the aroma waft throughout the area! WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
Features include electronic Big Eye heat control, deep well, reversible dome, Bag-in-a-Box, Brute Force (ensures the unit will last forever), and pass-through design (so the popper may be operated from both sides). The units pedestal design keeps all electronic components cool for more dependable performance. The popping oil delivery tube is warmed so that the oil does not congeal in the line. WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
Features include electronic Big Eye heat control, deep well, reversible dome, Bag-in-a-Box, Brute Force (ensures the unit will last forever), and pass-through design (so the popper may be operated from both sides). The units pedestal design keeps all electronic components cool for more dependable performance. The popping oil delivery tube is warmed so that the oil does not congeal in the line.
Popcorn Supplies | Cotton Candy Supplies | Snow Cone Supplies | Frozen/Cold Drinks Supplies | Corn Dog Supplies
...ISO Certificate Cosmetic Raw Materials Pharma Phific MBA.99C.4 BeiLi is a professional manufacturer of pharmaceutical intermediates and fine chemical raw materials in China, we ...
...colorful pearls cosmetic raw materials detergent speckles color granules Colorful pearls is based on detergent raw materials. Its compositions are of some washing function. And ...
...Snail extract Natural Cosmetic Ingredients Snail proteins 60% for skin care Introduction: Snail slime extract contains an extraordinary combination ...
...Diazolidinyl urea, 1-[1,3-bis(hydroxymethyl)-2,5-dioxo-4-imidazolidinyl]-1,3-bis(hydroxymethyl)urea is an antimicrobial preservative used in cosmetics. It is chemically related ...
Nikko Asset Management’s Luxembourg-domiciled World Bank Green fund has returned 11.6% in its first 12 months – annualised as at 28 February 2011 – versus the benchmark return of 9.7%, supported by conservative currency positioning.
The green bonds fund – which scooped the ‘Most Innovative Development in ESG’ (environmental, social, governance) prize at IPE and TBLI’s annual ESG Leaders Awards Ceremony in November 2010 – has raised almost £400m (€460m) from institutional investors in Europe and the Middle East, as well as Japanese investors, in the run-up to its first anniversary.
BestElva: I have noticed you don’t monetize your blog, don’t waste your traffic, you can earn additional...
Bonnie Nixon: Thank you Robert for this story. I too have a great deal of respect for Professor Sethi. He is a rare...
In this version, we are glad to introduce a long-awaited functionality, that allows intercepting all the URL requests for both standard URL schemes (such as http, https, ftp, file) and custom schemes declared in your application.
We would like to thank all DotNetBrowser users for your requests and feedback. They help us make the library more suitable for your needs with each release.
Take a look at the DotNetBrowser Release Notes for detailed information of every update of the library, and stay tuned for more product news!
ASUS G71G-Q1 Laptop CPU Cooling Fan are made from highest quality parts, the laptop fan are tailored made according to the original size, whether the appearance, size and quality are the same as with the original. Every ASUS G71G-Q1 Laptop CPU Cooling Fan should be under strict quality control before leaving the factory, and has passed the authentication of CE, UL, EMC, CQC, ROHS, etc.
does office depot have resume paper linen,office depot resume paper inspirational wonderful printing resumes linen does have,does office depot have resume paper linen holder images general,office depot linen resume paper templates does have , does office depot have resume paper printing staples linen, office depot linen resume paper does have of awesome,office depot linen resume paper does have,office depot resume paper r sum folders linen does have,does office depot have resume paper of awesome linen , office depot linen resume paper does have.
The Des Moines Register was denied a request for credentials, the newspaper’s editor said. In an email, a campaign staff member called it “leftist propaganda.”
EXCLUSIVE: 20th Century Fox has secured the film rights to the war novel Saving Bravo: The Greatest Rescue Mission in Navy SEAL History by journalist Stephan Talty. Andrew Baldwin, who wrote The Outsider starring Jared Leto as well as the Idris Elba-led film The Take, is attached to adapt the screenplay. Logan producers Hutch Parker and Dan Wilson are producing. Released October 30 via Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, the biography is about the rescue mission of Gene Hambleton…
City Council to meet Thursday for special resolution to address emergency repairs at hyrdoelectric facility | Newzjunky
City Council to meet Thursday for special resolution to address emergency repairs at hyrdoelectric facility
WATERTOWN, NY — The City of Watertown City Council has scheduled a Special meeting for Thursday, July 19, 2018, at 6:00 p.m. in City Council Chambers, on the third floor of City Hall to consider a Resolution to address the emergency repairs at the hydroelectric facility.
Northern New York's premier website for breaking news, weather, politics, sports, video,photos, audio, and more from Watertown, N.Y.
Even if the place is simply being exploited simply for inner purposes just like management of cooperation among several groups, it is crucial to monitor the actions of workers. An on-line data room or virtual info room is without question an on the internet warehouse of crucial papers about a business. In truth, it can be much more inexpensive and effective than traditional methods of info exchange. That permits the trading company to provide vital information in a controlled approach and in ways to support preserve discretion. It is actually guarded simply by protection measures that will be clarified in the agreement.
Using an on-line data room may give a protected and protected transmission procedure. Instead using a safe and sound data bedroom makes that possible with regards to you to just get on the on-line data space and access the information that you require. Promotion data place use could provide a ways to send necessary information quickly and safely at the exact same time.
Data is definitely big innovative at this kind of time, and experts out of all around the universe happen to be with a weight of in in the reasons why they believe that it’s therefore important. Put simply, big info will end up being anything businesses delegate. Big info, like every sort of information, is helpful for obtaining correlations. Truly, the main underlying cause why businesses utilize big data will be capable of producing predictions about the foreseeable future. They are going to end up becoming similar. There exists excessive data so you might hold an perspective on.
A data bedroom stipulates the option for various individuals to collaborate and share files that ought to be secure for a number of reasons. You should also try to find out the best way to employ a data room. A secure info room allows you to officer the information once sharing it with those who require this. It’s likely to be a aspect to consider if perhaps the require is found to transmit facts from an individual corporation to another. It gives you the capability to send and obtain information while protecting the privacy of the data. Protect data areas provide you with the benefit of posting the data and safe-keeping and transmitting.
Info spaces make sure it is simple and easy to display each of the related information investors could possibly ask to see. Searching for data space is just probably the most investments you possibly can make to policy you happen to be speedy in your response and to time. Inevitably, it permits businesses to save essential documents in a highly protected central database, ensuring they can be prepared and arranged for everything that could occur prior to, during, or after an IPO. It has evolved to become a tool to facilitate the entire deal training course, not simply with respect to to perform research. It seems to have a wide range of applications and is also extremely flexible. The most basic, the most efficient and safe and sound plan to undertake it is to open up a digital info area.
Due to part of the consolidation of reports, called due diligence, the digital data bedroom is perfect to get preparing and offering papers by various websites. This is not explicitly obvious upon pressing on your website URL. The digital info room gives many benefits. For much more go through below eyeswear-kj.com.tw .
I just returned from a week-long learning session at the Institute for Healthcare Improvement (IHI). Being a quality professional, many of the concepts taught were not new to me. Several of the articles shared I had read before. Some of the speakers I had seen previously. Nonetheless, the experience entered the realm of life changing.
IHI is an incredibly magical place where non-stop innovation lives and breathes with a single unifying mission to improve lives of all people. With just over one hundred employees, much of their work is directed at healthcare. However, they also apply their process improvement expertise to the social factor such as finding housing for the homeless in the United States. Meanwhile, in Africa, they distribute hope and education among mothers and newborns. Their reach continues around the world as they provide free online education in patient safety and health improvement for students and faculty. Their patient safety solutions, assistance, and projects are designed to transcend every challenge of culture, language, resource, time, distance, government, or human condition.
IHI openly shares many of its resources and successes. Their transparency inspires others and their own internal staff to boldly tackle problems and proclaim, “The impossible is fun!” However, if their work is bold, it is performed by humble, self-effacing people driven to help others. Should that all sound too far removed from practical reality, each employee at IHI consistently practices what they preach. All ideas are encouraged and considered, actions are highly collaborative, communication is across the organization, process improvement methods come from literature, and information is rigorously researched. There are no egos and there are no big administrative offices with closed doors. There is a pervasive and enlightened culture of “we” helping others to improve the world.
IHI is a microcosm of utopia on so many levels. The impact this small group of people known as IHI have made on millions of lives is astonishing. They are dedicated people changing the world and providing amazing proof of the human potential possible in the right culture.
Barb Duffy Consulting LLC and HealthcareInfoSources.com - a repository of resources for healthcare professionals and educational classes.
C o m p l e t e   c h r o n i c l e s   o f   p a l l i s e r   v i c t o r i a n   f a m i l y   s a g a
Legal & DMCA: Matt's Music Page has been providing lyrics and tabs in a legal way, paying royalties each year to a few organizations. Then, all lyrics and tabs were removed from the site. Now, there's a new owner to the site, which purchased it August 26, 2014, and he is in negotiation to obtain licensing from BMI at the moment. If you have a specific DMCA request -- please do not hesitate to contact me via the contact button on top. I will do my very best to keep this site fully legal.
﻿ Maui Concierges | Maui Activites | Maui Travel Services | Maui Vacation Services | Personal Maui Shoppers
We love helping people find the best experiences on the islands. Maui Wishes brings together your vision of a tropical vacation and connects you with the activities and adventures to make it a reality! Our goal is to assist you, our guests in making memories and creating smiles that will last long after you have returned home!
Our wish is that our guests visit Maui to connect to our island’s Aloha and to feel Maui's power of rest and rejuvenation, to develop balance in their lives with fun and adventure.
Kategorien Home AUTOTEILE MOTORRAD TEILE NEW PARTS SCOOTER ERSATZTEILE von 50 bis 800 ZUBEHÖR- Bekleidung;
This will be sent to the Registrant email address populated in your WHOIS data. If you are unsure what email address is listed, please log into your account with the provider where you currently manage this domain to view and/or update the info.
Safe, confidential, and experienced Canadian prescription service provided by licensed Canadian pharmacists and technicians.
Live and friendly customer service staff available 5 days a week ready to help your questions or assist you in ordering.
A licensed and accredited pharmacy will dispense and fill your prescription drugs from your chosen pharmacy.
The Canadian government regulates the price of prescription drugs in Canada so you can save hundreds of dollars per year.
Many towns, cities and states are encouraging their citizens to consider buying Istodax and other prescription medications outside USA.
Reverse Osmosis Plant in Chennai, RO Plant Manufacturer in Chennai, Reverse Osmosis Plant is very important to know the nature of the contaminants before considering any water treatment system. Our range of Reverse Osmosis Plants is suitable for removing a wide range of contaminants. It has the ability to remove the harmful contaminants that pose several health risks. Moreover, these plants are technologically sound to ensure high efficiency & performance and requires minimum maintenance.
Canadian Clear are one of the noticeable providers of a quality grade array of Reverse Osmosis Plant for our valued clients. The offered products are manufactured using cutting-edge technology and finest quality raw material. These are extensively commended by the clients for their longer service life, robust construction and optimum performance. Besides, offered range of products is known for its availability in different sizes and technical specifications. Moreover, one can get these products at leading market price.
【英語の意味】：the process of inhaling and exhaling the vapour produced by an electronic cigarette or similar device
This Timeline is always under construction. If you have specific events and dates you would like to see added, please contact us. Please reference the source of the information for verification purposes.
* 2004: Shingo Prize-winning Kaikaku published by Norman Bodek, chronicling the history and personal philosophies of the key people that helped develop TPS
* 2003: Shingo Prize-winning Better Thinking, Better Results published, case study and analysis of The Wiremold Company's enterprise-wide Lean transformation.
* 2001: Totota publishes "The Toyota Way 2001" document, which makes explicit the "respect for people" principle.
* 1991 - 1995: The business process re-engineering movement tried, but mostly failed, to transfer the concepts of standardized work and continuous flow to office and service processes that now constitute the great bulk of human activities.
* 1991: Relevance Lost by Tom Johnson and Robert Kaplan exposes weaknesses in manufacturing accounting systems, eventually leading to the Lean Accounting movement
* 1988: Shingo Prize for Manufacturing Excellence created by Norman Bodek and Professor Vern Buehler of Utah State University
* 1988: Shingijutsu hired by Danaher Corpopration to assist in implementing TPS a Jacobs Chuck and Jacobs Vehicle Systems.
* 1985 - 1989: Shingo's books on SMED, Poka Yoke, and Study of Toyota Production System from Industrial Engineering Viewpoint are published in the U.S.
* 1985: The Association for Manufacturing Excellence is officially formed from cast off APICS members.
* 1984: Several of AME's founders barnstormed for the APICS Zero Inventory Crusade, collectively making hundreds of presentations on what is now called lean manufacturing. APICS calls for the resignation of the steering committee for violating APICS special interest group rules. The committee decides to go out on its own.
* 1983: First broader description of TPS by an American author - Zero Inventories by Robert "Doc" Hall is published
* 1980: Under the auspices of the Detroit APICS chapter, several future founders of the Association for Manufacturing Excellence organized the first known North American conference on the Toyota Production System at Ford World Headquarters, with 500 people attending. Featured speaker was Fujio Cho, who became president of Toyota.
* 1979: Several APICS members who had seen Toyota production facilities and understood the problems with MRP began to meet regularly.
* 1960: Deming receives the Japanese "Second Order of the Sacred Treasures" award, with the accompanying citation stating that the people of Japan attribute the rebirth of their industry to his work.
* 1950: Deming invited to Japan to assist with the Japanese 1951 census. He then gives the first of a dozen lectures on statistical quality control, emphasizing to Japanese management that improving quality can reduce expenses and improve productivity.
* 1950: Toyota financial crisis and labor dispute. Ends with 2146 people losing work. Kiichiro Toyoda steps down as President
* 1943: Ford completes construction of the Willow Run bomber plant, which reaches a peak of one B-24 bomber per hour.
* 1940: Deming develops statistical sampling methods for the 1940 census, and then teaches statistical process control techniques to workers engaged in wartime production.
* 1940: Consolidated Aircraft builds one B-24 bomber per day. Ford's Charles Sorensen visits to see if Ford's methods can improve on that number.
* 1939: Walter Shewhart publishes Statistical Methods from the Viewpoint of Quality Control. This book introduces his notion of the Shewhart improvement cycle Plan-Do-Study-Act. In the 1950's his colleague W Edwards Demming alters the term slightly to become the Plan-Do-Check-Act cycle
* 1938: Just-in-time concept established at Koromo / Honsha plant by Kiichiro Toyoda. JIT wa later severely disrupted by World War II.
* 1937: The German aircraft industry had pioneered takt time as a way to synchronize aircraft final assembly in which airplane fuselages were moved ahead in unison throughout final assembly at a precise measure (takt) of time. (Mitsubishi had a technical relationship with the German companies and transferred this method back to Japan where Toyota, located nearby in Aichi Prefecture, heard about it and adopted it.)
* 1937: J.M. Juran conceptualizes the overall Pareto Principle and emphasizes the importance of sorting out the vital few from the trivial many. He attributes his insight to the Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto. Later the term is called the 80/20 rule.
* 1929: Sakichi Toyoda sells foreign rights to loom and Kiichiro Toyoda visits Ford and European companies to learn the automotive business
* 1928: Ford's River Rouge plant completed, becoming the largest assembly plant in the world with over 100,000 employees.
* 1924: Walter Shewhart launches the modern study of process control through the invention of the control chart
* 1914: Ford creates the first moving assembly line, reducing chassis assembly time from over 12 hours to less than 3 hours.
* 1912: The Ford production system based on the principles of "accuracy, flow and precision" extends to assembly.
* 1910 - 1912: Ford brought many strands of thinking together with advances in cutting tools, a leap in gauging technology, innovative machining practices, and newly-developed hardened metals. Continuous flow of parts through machining and fabrication of parts which consistently fit perfectly in assembly was possible. This was the heart of Ford's manufacturing breakthrough.
* 1906: Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto creates a mathematical formula to describe the unequal distribution of wealth in Italy. He notices that 80% of the wealth is in the hands of 20% of the population
* 1905: Frank and Lillian Gilbreth investigate the notion of motion economy in the workplace. Studying the motions in work such as brick laying they develop a system of 18 basic elements that can depict basic motion.
* 1850: All of the American armories were making standardized metal parts for standardized weapons, but only with enormous amounts of handwork to get each part to its correct specification. This was because the machine tools of that era could not work on hardened metal.
* 1822: Thomas Blanchard at the Springfield Armory in the U.S. had devised a set of 14 machines and laid them out in a cellular arrangement that made it possible to make more complex shapes like gunstocks for rifles. A block of wood was placed in the first machine, the lever was thrown, and the water-powered machine automatically removed some of the wood using a profile tracer on a reference piece. What this meant was really quite remarkable: The 14 machines could make a completed item with no human labor for processing and in single piece flow as the items were moved ahead from machine to machine one at a time.
* 1807: Marc Brunel in England devised equipment for making simple wooden items like rope blocks for the Royal Navy using 22 kinds of machines that produced identical items in process sequence one at a time.
* 1799: Whitney perfects the concept of interchangeable parts when he took a contract from the U.S. Army for the manufacture of 10,000 muskets at the low price of $13.40 each.
* 1760: French general Jean-Baptiste de Gribeauval had grasped the significance of standardized designs and interchangeable parts to facilitate battlefield repairs.
* 1574: King Henry III of France watches the Venice Arsenal build complete galley ships in less than an hour using continuous flow processes
Wd Ideal Birthday Card Words is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that we have on this website. We have a lot of Birthday Card template or Holiday Card Ideas and any other things concerning in this website. We're not just providing info about , you can get a lot more reference to design your Card Template as well. So , don't forget to keep visiting Billighusforsikring.com to get the latest update about Birthday Card Ideas , Design Card Template , Holiday Card Design and more.
Wd Ideal Birthday Card Words was posted in November 3, 2018 at 2:33 pm. Wd Ideal Birthday Card Words has viewed by 3 users. Click it and download the Wd Ideal Birthday Card Words.
bicycle coloring pages preschool bicycle coloring page kids bike coloring page bicycle coloring pages preschool coloring pages for kids spring.
This website is a service for people who are seeking information about DBT (Dialectical Behavior Therapy).
This site was written primarily by PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN THROUGH DBT, not DBT professionals. For this reason, consider the source of any given document. We cannot give advice, but we can talk about our experiences on our DBT journey. In this regard, I hope we can help one another.
Click here to learn how to get your FIRST TWO MONTHS FREE on THIS Good Therapy Database while supporting this website at the same time!
If you are looking for a DBT provider in your area, you can also click here, to view resources set up before the above database.
Do you have children or grandchildren? I recently invented a game to play with my 14-year-old grandson. When he or I stops to use a DBT skill to communicate when we are frustrated with the other person, we take a quarter from the jar. When we don抰, we pay a quarter to the jar. Same goes for giving compliments or insults, self-degredation or 揑 can?statements. The possibility for riches is endless.
Thank you for supporting this website for the past 11 years. Because of your input, exchange of information and donations, you are making a difference in the lives of many people.
Everyday DBT is a mix of the most requested information as well as my thoughts on ways to keep DBT alive in our day-to-day work.
Articles about DBT, Mental Health, BPD and related materials. This section represents some of my favorite internet authors whose writing is both helpful and conversational.
DBT Video Text is an unofficial text from videos by Marsha Linehan describing DBT skills. You can purchase the videos at this link to Behavioral Tech LLC.
A fun visual method for learning the DBT skills. The group also includes training and coaching. In this section, you抣l find a few examples from their website. Additionally, they have just published a fun and useful DBT Quick Reference Card that is free to download!
Find a variety of Diary card formats that you can download and adapt to your needs as well as an explanation about the purpose of the cards and practical ways to use them.
I haven抰 forgotten about you. I抦 working to create my first fair business tracking model for this website. It was always my wish that that the site could be supported by donations alone. I am adapting to circumstances as we all must do. I appreciate your patience.
Email conversations about the many aspects of trying to use DBT skills in daily life. Some of the topics are: being effective, feeling good, invalidating environments and judgmental people.
Author and fellow BPD recoverer, Kiera Van Gelder has written an amazing insightful memoir called The Buddha and the Borderline. For more information on Kiera and the book, click here.
The Facts: Borderline Personality Disorder by Roy Krawitz and Wendy Jackson was written by both a client and professional. The writing is very clear and accessible.
DBT in Spanish will soon be available on this site from the DBT course files of Rayencura Clinica in Santiago, Chile. While you抮e waiting for the update, you can download them by clicking this link right here.
The author of this website shares some personal experiences about using DBT as well as essays about dealing with suffering.
I appreciate the response I have received for help with this website. It is gratifying to know that there are so many people who use this site and count on it. I would like to clarify one thing: I am looking for people who want to participate in an overview of the long term future of the site, not just people with technical skills!
Thank you to those who donated to the site this year when there was a crisis. It is good to know that there are still people who care enough to be there when it is really needed.
If you would like to be a part of the very exciting changes that are occuring to this website, I would like to hear from you. Let me explain. I am putting together historical information about the website, why it started, how it changed and grew to meet the needs of the times and the clients this site has served over the last 17 years.
I have also been working with others to identify key areas of change that would improve the site and specifically how to make those changes occur. Initially, I didn't think it would be a very big deal. Then as I learned more and more, it seemed impossible. In the end, it has simply taken a lot of time and research to learn how THIS website can grow and serve the DBT community in a way that is different than what is currently being done.
When I began in 2001, this was an easier task. There wasn't anything for DBT clients available without payment so anything I did was helpful. It stayed that way for many years. What I had to learn over this year is what changed. How has DBT changed? How is the information about DBT being distributed by others? Do I still have a player in the game? So I had to sort out what I did well, better than others, and what others do so much better than me that there is no use competing. I had to find my niche all over again.
Fortunately, I still do have a player in the game, but it might not be me. It could be me, but if so, I'm going to need some help. Before my traumatic brain injury in 2004, I used to own a business in one of the most competitive markets in the world at that time - SAP Software. Since then, in that business, so much has changed, it would be like showing Leonardi DaVinci plans on a modern jet and asking him if he recognized them. But when I started up the company, I had to make a Business Plan and at the beginning you create an "Executive Summary." It is to tell potential investors who don't have a lot of time the bottom line about your company - numbers and projections, the "big idea" and what it takes to make it go.
What I've worked on here is very similar. A way for those who are interested to peruse figures and dates in charts and tables and a presentation overview of what was, is, and might be. If you like that kind of thing, drop me a line.
I wrote the story of what happened when my son drowned in Hawaii. I haven抰 published it on this site before because I thought a publisher was going to purchase it. But that has passed and so I抳e posted the story on the 揥ell Said?pages if you want to know or you can Click Here.
I so appreciate the love and support and condolences sent to me by many of you over the passing of my son. Your thoughts and prayers have made a big difference in my life.
These very popular custom flash movies are aimed at helping people become more aware of the moment, calming the soul, changing mind states, or outlining the basics of a DBT skill, the following topics are currently available:
This section is a list of ALL THE DBT SKILLS with links to every document on this website where there is more information about the skill! It is very useful for navigating this website and improving your understanding of the skills.
Abbey Press gave permission to reprint parts of the their Elf Help books. Their size and simplicity is deceiving. They have a lot to say despite their few words and pictures. A real joy to have on hand.
The fiber artwork featured in the banner was created by the site owner, Lisa Dietz. Click here to view a few more of her relevant artwork representing her struggle to overcome BPD.
DBT Lessons were created by myself and other DBT participants based on our experiences of practicing the DBT skills.
There are several types of flash cards to help remind you of the DBT skills. Recently added are the cards I used as a participant with a way to print your own.
Dialectical Behavior Therapy is the brain child of Marsha Linehan, Ph.D. More of her work and information about about her ongoing presence in the DBT Community can be found at www.behavioraltech.org. The owner of this website as well as countless others owe her a debt of gratitude for her committment to people struggling with BPD.
The day-to-day stuff that works with DBT including affirmations, crisis strategies, cognitive distortions and more.
Please don抰 be confused by the title, ?/FONT>DBT Self Help.?/FONT> This site is not meant to replace formal DBT therapy. It is simply a place to find some helpful day-to-day DBT stuff. The materials here are suitable for refreshing or supplementing your DBT training.
Dennis Merritt Jones has been a been mentor to me since the publication of his first book, , 揟he Art of Being.?He expresses himself the way I would like to express myself. He takes many perspectives out there and he brings them all together and outlines them, showing how they all, ultimately, say the same thing. And he does it in a very conversational, matter-of-fact way. He is a Well Said! author on this site and I recommend his newsletter.
揑 "stumbled" upon your website tonight. I was in crisis mode, felt out of control, felt like I was going to have a relapse. . .my crisis was "over". . .with the help of your amazing website.
I have been in DBT for 12 weeks and have found it really confronting and overwhelming. This site has explained the skills in a much simpler way and helped me to understand them
I came upon your site today when I needed it most. It is such a wonderful place, filled with information, hope, and practical approaches to calming the mind.
I called a suicide crisis center last night and the counselor I spoke to told me about DBT... [I] came across your website... it's extremely helpful.
© 2001 - 2018 by Lisa Dietz. Please read the Copyright Page to learn how you may or may not use these materials.
Get regular updates on innovative ideas, products and services from local Calgarians, Organizations, and Businesses.
Thanks to our sponsors, if you are a certified local NGO you can sign up for a free account and share your ideas and events for all of the city to see!
Become a local spokesperson for your industry. Share your industry specific knowledge on sustainable, efficient, natural, and/or local products and services.
Many people think of green products, ideas and principles while planning a new home, but they may not consider the impact of the home’s garage.
A typical two-car garage is a significant structure, taking up almost a minimum of 400 square feet. Most garages utilize electricity, many are heated, and more than a few are attached to the home, raising issues of indoor air quality and environmental health. Whether you are planning to build a new garage or update your existing one, your garage offers an excellent opportunity to reduce your environmental footprint — and realize many health, comfort and financial benefits while you do.
Most garages sit on a concrete slab. While concrete has many sustainable features and is ideal for a garage floor, the manufacture of cement is one of the largest industrial sources of CO2. Fortunately, there are ways to reduce the impact of standard concrete, including replacing part of the Portland cement in the mix with fly ash, slag or other alternate materials. A knowledgeable concrete contractor should be able to help you minimize your garage’s carbon footprint.
Other materials also have a CO2footprint, smaller than concrete, although the largest environmental impacts (about 94% for homes) typically comes from the heating, cooling, maintenance and power use over the building’s lifespan.
The basic factors to consider when building your eco garage are choosing your products and systems that minimize your impact.
Most garages are built with standard frame construction; there is no reason yours has to be. Alternative building methods using local, natural materials like straw bale and rammed earth can make attractive, durable and very affordable eco-friendly garages. Of course, if you live near a forested area, you may have access to local lumber, as well.
Reusing materials is another budget-friendly option that helps keep carbon out of the atmosphere. Many times when a building is torn down, parts of it may be reclaimed for use in another building. Garages are a perfect project for using reclaimed materials because of their smaller size.
From studs to siding, there are now many building materials on the market that contain recycled materials. Recycled products generally have a much lower carbon footprint than their virgin counterparts.
Use the same energy efficiency measures in your garage as you do in your home to minimize your impact and save on utility bills. Proper air sealing and insulation may not seem necessary in a garage, but keep in mind that a well-sealed garage will keep out dust and rodents, and you may appreciate the insulation if you have to work on your car in very hot or cold weather. One of the best ways to keep your garage tight is to invest in a high-quality garage door — or, in the case of a garage upgrade, to repair your existing door.
Carbon emissions are not the only environmental factor to consider when planning your garage. You will also want to minimize its impact on air, water and soil quality. Some ways to do this include: proper lighting can also help your garage save energy, including windows, especially south facing ones, to take advantage of daylight, and install energy-efficient LED bulbs for night time use.
Use permeable concrete and/or permeable pavers in your drive. Permeable paving materials help reduce storm water runoff and can significantly improve storm water quality, protecting your local watershed.
Consider a green roof. The benefits of a green roof — a waterproof roof covered with living plants — are many. Green roofs reduce runoff, help insulate the building, help improve air quality and help mitigate heat island effects in urban areas. They’re also great for noise reduction.
Protect your indoor air. If your garage is attached to your home, be especially vigilant about air sealing the partition between garage and living space. This is important to keep potentially lethal automobile fumes out of your living area.
Add a rain barrel. While it may seem like an afterthought, rain barrels are another great way to reduce runoff and save water, too.
For the garage door there is a range of recycled and recyclable materials available in all colors and styles so there is no need to compromise on the appearance of the garage. They are weather resistant and designed to effectively insulate the building to prevent heat loss. This is particularly useful if the garage is attached to the home and saves not only energy but unnecessary extra cost to the owner. To add to this, you could provide power to the garage by installing solar panels in the roof.
The ultimate eco-garage would obviously house an electric car and domestic charging point for the vehicle.
Building or upgrading your garage with eco-friendly features need not cost much more than building a standard one — and could actually save you money. And as so often happens, the environmentally friendly choices usually turn out to save money, increase comfort and improve human health. When you factor in all the benefits, the choice is clear: eco-friendly garages are the way to go!
Like what we’re doing? Want to share your story or tell others? Do you have a green business in Calgary and want to get in front of a large local audience? Let’s build a green community together!
Articles on the site are the property of the authors. While every effort is made to insure quality content “isGreen” and “Calgary.isGreen” make no claim as to the accuracy of individual articles, nor do we necessarily share the opinions expressed therein. This site is designed to be as diverse possible so there is likely to be various ideas on similar topics.
I write regularly on leadership at the Know Your Company blog and Signal v. Noise, and have been published in Harvard Business Review, Business Insider, CNBC, Inc, Fortune, among others. I speak internationally on how to create more open, honest work environments. I teach as an adjunct professor of entrepreneurship at my alma mater, Northwestern University.
Follow along + subscribe to my newsletter, The Heartbeat. Join our leadership community, The Watercooler.
People matter to me, most of all. I love my family and friends. I also enjoy painting, yoga, cooking, and any project that requires a pencil.
Depending on the age-level, each CLAMbake Sunday School lesson draws from several essential downloadable resources: Table games, Wall games, kid-level Bible stories, Discussion Posters, the CLAMazine take-home paper, Coloring Pages and, of course, student Activity Pages.
A typical Early Elementary lesson, for instance, might include the Biggie Verse poster, the Bible Timeline, one or two Activity Pages, a Discussion Poster, a Wall Game and the CLAMazine. More than enough to fill your class time with topnotch fun and education.
The Institute of Myofunctional Studies is a full service treatment center for all oral motor needs of patients ranging from infants to adults. Myofunctional Therapy is oral facial muscle therapy which uses measurement and exercise to correct a deviated swallow. The professionals on site have over 60 years of combined experience treating patients who have irregularities in their speech and/or swallowing pattern.
David Then and Now is fascinating. It's an art installation rotating through bus shelters in Winnipeg right now. Each bus stop gets two side-by-side portraits of the same guy (all named David) taken 10 years apart. It's interesting to view them in in sequence, to see how much difference a decade makes on our outward appearance at different life stages. This isn't so very lifestylism-oriented, but there's something important about projecting our current selves out into the future...and this art helps you get into that mental space.
Brian Alger had an excellent post that I've had saved for weeks and keep forgetting to link to. He recounts a discussion with his college-aged son about career direction and life planning, but as usual, he goes much deeper to apply the personal experience to bigger questions about education and purpose:
"The source of career design and work is ultimately our life path, not imposed social expectations. Living a life and building a career based on some shallow conceptions of success will clearly lead to unhappiness and a sense of loss, if not illness itself. In other words, a career and the work we do within that career is simply a by-product of something far greater and far more powerful - our inner passion for the mystery of life itself."
As is often the case with great blog posts like this, they get better with age. This one triggered some fantastic comments and a thoughtful follow-up post. The most interesting comment was from Brian's son Justin -- I love this type of shared personal account. The whole thing is illuminating, but I'll just quote a bit of Justin's contribution:
"This all stems back to the ridiculous age of 16 - the age that the government of Ontario has decided for us all that we must start thinking about our 'careers’. It starts with a short course worth half a credit that they appropriately named 'Career Studies'. The purpose of the course was to fill out aptitude tests and browse career cruising websites so we could find careers that were ‘right’ for us. Of course, the definition of ‘right’ used was just plain wrong. Filling out a standardized test and looking up careers based on it makes absolutely no sense."
Since I began working in the career development field, I've asked dozens of people about their experiences with career planning and guidance counselling. The responses have been overwhelmingly negative, with rolled eyes and shaking heads. Generally we don't seem to have gleaned much benefit from the efforts of schools to help us figure out how we want to spend our time and create sustainable lifestyles. Family and friends seem generally incapable of even asking the right questions, never mind helping with answers. Why is this stuff so difficult?
"Of course, being on one's life path, or following one's bliss, does not in any way mean that life is without problems and challenges or pain and anguish. But the possibility of happiness and contentment is ever more present in the face of the inevitable difficulties life will present. And the energy we bring to trying circumstances is more resilient - more purposeful - when we are in tune with our inner selves."
Curt has a whole series of posts dealing with how he's measuring success, and how his approach to success has changed:
From the post on time: "So in my definition of success, time abundance plays a key role. I want to have time to live the full scope of my life in 360 degrees, not just work."
"Of course it was impossible to connect the dots looking forward when I was in college, but it was very, very clear looking backward 10 years later. Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backward, so you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something—your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever—because believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart, even when it leads you off the well-worn path, and that will make all the difference."
I don't necessarily agree with all of this, but it is definitely true that it's basically impossible to connect the dots looking into your future. How much can we learn from the connected dots of others?
Meet the gold-collar consumers -- "they're 18 to 25 years old, working at a poorly paid service job, living at home and buying $325 Christian Dior sunglasses". Apparently they've got Tastes for Glitz on Blue-Collar Pay.
The article quotes the author of Trading Up, which I still have in my bookshelf after reading the first couple of chapters last year. The basic premise is that we all find ways to buy luxury goods in specific niches that are important to us, but may sacrifice quality in other areas of our purchasing. For example, I have a mountain bike that's worth more than our car. It's a business book, so it focuses on how companies use that knowledge to leverage luxury products in all kinds of categories.
Aside from the obvious issues with tying our identities to what we buy, I'm interested in how this might affect how people envision their futures. A friend and I have been talking about software that could help people create views of their future lifestyles, where each activity (purchase, event, job, experience) is represented by a sort of value card. So I might select "mountain biking" and set my personal costs in time (four hours a week) and money ($20 a week), but more importantly select why I value it -- perhaps I mostly ride for its high social and emotional values, because I have a group of friends to ride with. The next person might choose the same activity, but value it mostly for the exercise and physical health benefits.
We had talked about the main categories of values being things like mental, physical, emotional, spiritual, etc...and we thought it would help people really think about how and why they value things. But how do you even try to quantify values for people who sponge off their parents and work at jobs they hate so they can afford overpriced shoes that make them feel like rock stars? Do we have to create a value selection for "pride" and "greed" and a housing option for "mooch"?
But perhaps that's the strength of a tool that helps people visualize how their values interact to create their lifestyle. If I create the shallowest, most consumeristic, energy-wasting, unrealistic vision of my future, then I will likely learn some things about myself and my perspective along the way. The "product" of an imagined future isn't actually as important as what you learn about what it is you really want, how you might make it work, and maybe even how it affects your community and the environment (even if you don't particularly value those effects?).
The theoretical underpinning of this stuff in reference to lifestylism is something like this: Most of our aspirations are borrowed in some vague way from the American Dream and societal assumptions like "you have to go to college to get a good job to make enough money for the big house". The process of envisioning what kind of lifestyle you really want will help expose some of the personal values, contradictions and trade-offs in a way that will constitute real learning -- instead of telling teenagers what they should do, or hoping they'll just absorb the goals everyone else assumes are ok, why not let them explore possible futures themselves and let them play with consequences first?
Once in a while, I wonder about how China's One Child Policy has played out. What's it like to grow up with an entire generation that has no siblings? How about in the next generation with no aunts, uncles or cousins? Some of the trends and expectations for 20-something "singletons" in China sound familiar:
"Today, however, nearly all urban singletons stay in school. The result is nationwide diploma inflation; jobs that a young adult secured only ten years ago with a vocational degree, such as a bank teller, now require four years of college. This is confusing to young adults, says Fong, and it's not any easier on their parents."
Along those lines, it sounds like the lifestyle choices of young Europeans (having one or no kids) could be depopulating the continent in the next half-century.
Via George comes this interesting story about rising numbers of college dropouts. Even more fascinating in the context of this project were the links off to an interactive exploration of class mobility and the related poll results (pdf). Belief in class mobility is the underpinning of the American Dream, which I've been somewhat critical of because it is so vague. I think many of use the American Dream as a stand-in for our aspirations, but the nebulous belief gets oversimplified as "I need to make more money than I'm making now so I can afford the lifestyle I want", without reference to the values we really care about. This stuff is squarely in the middle of lifestylism.
My bloglines account is overflowing with good stuff I never seem to have time to reflect on here. I had a whole bunch piling up around the theme of recording our lives and sharing our current and past identities with those who care about us (and those that will care in the future, perhaps after we're gone).
I've been saving all kinds of gems from the Legacy Matters blog. I sometimes find it very grim to be confronted by constant issues of mortality, but the focus on deathstylism gives lifestylism a sharper edge. Jill talks about the scary implications of our imminent digital immortality, which could take all kinds of interesting (and mind-bending) forms. She also explores digital storytelling and the growth of scrapbooking, while drawing the parallel to Helen Barrett's work in e-portfolios, which overlaps with some of my own work interests.
I also like her advice about including digital assets in your will, which asks what should happen to all your online/digital writing, photos and e-mail once you've passed on. It made me realize how much of my life's artifacts are either out on the web, or saved on my work laptop...time to think about some better approach. Finally, this bit about the diaries of ordinary people talks about a movement in the UK from the 1940s where thousands of people kept notes about their day-to-day life. It's a treasure trove for their grandchildren and people who live in those places now, reminding me of a fascinating memoir project my mom is doing with a woman who grew up in England during that same era. Along similar lines, I've been enjoying the Blog of Henry David Thoreau, which provides glimpses into his daily life 150 years ago.
This marketing report on life caching is very business-oriented, but covers lots of the cool technology coming out for the purpose of recording and sharing our lives. It boggles the mind to think of how much personal digital content we're collecting -- just my blogs, photos and music are taking up gigabytes of space already.
I'm co-opting the word lifestylism for the title of this project. I wanted to start looking at how people envision their future lifesty...
Although this article by Daniel Gilbert coincided with Father's Day, the insights can certainly be applied to moms as well. It's sh...
I'm seeing how the Lifestylism tagline doesn't really encompass my vision for the concept. It's great that we're "creat...
I've been thinking about posting about Adbusters for a while, but couldn't really figure out how I wanted to connect it to this con...
The Occupational Adventure linked to an article about a fascinating study (PDF) showing how attitudes toward work and life have changed ...
Loved reading along as Jim Kunstler and Stephen Downes deconstructed a surprisingly absurd article by Thomas Friedman about the "Powe...
I don't think that most of us have a very good relationship with our future. We might have a vague sense of the stuff we want, or things...
Doug had a great post today about Owning Your Future , in which he shares the results of a longitudinal study (PDF) measuring the value of ...
In Canada, more dads taking time off when babies arrive , increasing from 38% in 2001 to 55% in 2006. Those numbers still seem awfully lo...
When you think about optimizing your life, you don't often think of huge chunk of time you spend each day sleeping. Sleep seems like an ...
father of three, husband to one, composer, photographer, word nerd, web geek, nature lover, INTP, over-analyzer, spinner of pedals, string-bower, skeptic, curious soul
In next 20 years the labor force in the industrialized world will decline by 4%, while in India it will increase by 32%. This poses both a challenge and an opportunity. To reap this dividend which is expected to last for next 25 years, India needs to equip its workforce with employable skills and knowledge so that the youth can participate productively to make India a developed economy. The country, however, has a big challenge ahead as it is estimated that only 2.3% of the total workforce in India has undergone formal skill training as compared to 68% in UK, 75% in Germany, 52% in USA, 80% in Japan and 96% in South Korea. While the debate on the exact quantum of the challenge continues, there is no disputing the fact that the range is of massive proportions for skilling in India.
To achieve the massive target of skilling, it is of utmost importance to have trainers of excellent quality that are capable of training people in several fields. To augment the supply of qualified trainers, a series of training of trainers programme needs has to be organized to enabling the organizations to bring more experienced people in the fold especially the ex-servicemen in defence, railways and existing & retired people from industry, who already have relevant experience.
And, to create jobs for employment for self and other skilled people who do not have the opportunities, a pool of young skilled people is required to be equipped with entrepreneurial capabilities.
I quite like this wistful thoughtful song. The video beautifully captures what just might have been.
An awesome sexy sound, with a good mix of crazy hovering on the edges. Something to keep you on your toes I'd say.
Walk Off The Earth is a bit of a find. Originally from Burlington, Ontario these guys have a cool, offbeat sound. Yep, it's a cover but a good one.
The New Black Shades, a five piece rock group from Newcastle, Australia. Their music, a coastal funk feel with a dash of psychedelic rock, reggae and hip hop. The video is pretty much the Central Coast in a bottle. Beer pong out the back of a fibro house, skateboards and thongs, an esky and friends on the beach and a cool old kombi.
Beautiful soundtrack, gorgeous girl and some Russian guy called Alexander reciting poetry. A little NSFWish but pretty neat all the same.
Bullwhip Effect – Bullwhip Effect Analysis – Bullwhip Effect Framework – Bullwhip Effect Business Methodology – Bullwhip Effect is one of the recongnized recurring issues whereby a sudden spike or a decline in demand from a customer results in much bigger effect on the supply chain.
The longer the supply chain, the more pronounced is the effect with potentially huge variations and volatility for producers of raw materials. Understanding of this effect should limit managers mistakes when it comes to overproduction, ordering of goods and meeting customer demand. Below sample images are examples of Bullwhip Effect.
Malicious bloggers are already trying to paint Scott while using Barbi Bridges brush for many years. While the allegations haven't ever been proven (Barbi Bridges is rumored to become surviving in Las Vegas), Voss straddled the same dangerous fence how the reporters who attacked Rush Limbaugh did, after they wrote false accusations about him depending on the blogs. Years ago most of us learned "not believe everything we please read on the internet," but Voss apparently is totally new for the web or too lazy to perform her research. (To be fair, some say Marie Claire pushed her too much with impossible deadlines.) So, if the truth about Barbi is released, maybe it's a very worthwhile turn of events. Bacteria can spread infection through small fissures that may develop inside dermititis throughout the heel as well as on other parts of the foot or via corns, calluses, blisters, hangnails, or ulcers. If the treatment cannot come from best, the bacterial infection can destroy skin, tissue, and bone or spread through all around the body. There are some symptoms: Researchers are very careful when designing a questionnaire for use in a population and health survey to minimize prejudice. For example, they include the duration of the last sexual intercourse. Therefore, the non-response rate to sexual intercourse in Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa is low (1-8%). Although a considerable number of women started sexual relations at least a year prior to the first trade union, few women had normal relations before the first union. In sub-Saharan Africa, premarital sexual relations were more frequent than in Latin America and Trinidad and Tobago. For example, the highest percentage of children aged 15 to 17 is Uganda (32%) and Trinidad and Tobago (1%) the lowest. For children aged 22-24 years, from 90% in Ghana to 6% in Trinidad and Tobago. The age of first marriages is not necessarily parallel to the trend of the first sexual intercourse. Therefore, family planning programs should tell unmarried women the risk of even occasionally getting pregnant. They should also use sex-dependent methods, such as condoms or vaginal methods. During their reproductive years, women are married on average for 15 years and have an active sex between the ages of 0.5 and 2 years. 85% of married women had sexual intercourse within the first three months of the survey. However, 5-38% of women who use birth control pills have no sexual intercourse. Therefore, reducing fertility can not be attributed solely to the use of contraceptives. The frequency of monthly sexual intercourse declines with the duration of marriage, and the rate of decline varies from country to country. Women who want more children communicate more often than not wanting more children and those who are undecided. Women who use the independent sex more often have more sexual intercourse with women who use the same sex-dependent approach. If you are planning a quiet dinner date or an eventful birthday bash, the beautiful escorts could be the ideal mates which will brighten the events using their precious presence. They have the innate capability to add zing within the lives of folks around. Enjoy the live music in golf clubs and observe her agile moves. A perfect and guide, the Erotic Manchester escorts can keep you motivated to steer a happier life. The can urge one to attain success inside your career. You can seek their company in a very boardroom or in the conference. Most of the escorts anticipate accompanying the clients on tours. So, as a contraceptive method, its success is limited! However, doctors do not recommend doing so because: We all know that we should make sure that we get the right amount of vitamins, minerals and nutrients each day, but in reality with our busy lifestyles today this is easier said than done. Many people take a nutritional supplement, the difficulty is knowing if what we are taking actually has enough of what we need in it or that our body will actually absorb the vitamins etc correctly. With many pills and capsules, any benefits can be lost long before they get to the right parts of the body and in some cases your body may only absorb as little as 5% of the amount of the mineral or nutrient quoted on the bottle.
Welcome, all these paintings, drawings, crafts, texts and photos were created by me. I hope you enjoy them :-) You can take them if you want to, but, please, just add my name or a link to my site. If you need a translator, you have it on the right, in the sidebar.
In Togo, the government wants to kill two birds with one stone: to provide 4G ultra-fast broadband mobile services and mobilize financial resources within the framework of the 2018 budget law.
To achieve this, the approval has just been granted to the Minister of Posts and Digital Economy, Cina Lawson, for the signing of orders related to the extension of the duration and scope of GSM licenses (2G and 3G ) granted to the duopoly formed by the public operator Togocel and Atlantique Telecom (Moov), until 2032.
The discharge was also given to Cina Lawson to award the 4G licenses to both operators, in accordance with the digital policy statement. A document that expects a 4G coverage of at least 40% of the population by 2022.
This new orientation is a precious lever for Lomé in pursuing reforms aimed at cleaning up public finances, in a delicate socio-political context. Thanks to the proceeds of the transactions related to the operating licenses, Lomé hopes to replenish its coffers to better finance the budget, management 2018 which a collective was announced last April.
Labeled: free resume examples to print, free resume samples to print, resume samples for free to print out,
Labeled: mep design engineer resume, mep electrical engineer resume, mep engineer resume, mep engineer resume doc, mep engineer resume format, mep engineer resume fresher, mep engineer resume india, mep engineer resume pdf, mep engineer resume sample, mep engineer resume sample doc, mep estimation engineer resume, mep hvac engineer resume, mep maintenance engineer resume, mep mechanical engineer resume, mep planning engineer resume, mep procurement engineer resume, mep qc engineer resume, mep site engineer resume
Washed Up Wednesdays returns via an interview with Washed Up Warriors mainstay, Matt Sosa with info on the next Washed video, Jeremy Nichols & more.
It was Memorial Day. I was off work. There was a big crew skating. We hit like 10 spots that day. Although it's a stretch to call that thing a spot. Thanks for shooting it Tim!
Jeremy Nichols has been out there shredding with us a bunch, can you give a little back story on our long-time good bro?
For every warrior you lose, like Gabe Salas to injuries/family; a new one returns from the depths. I've been skating with Jeremy for 20 years now. Good times.
There's been talk about a new Washed Up Warriors video being in the works, without giving too much away can you talk a little about that?
There has? It's only been 8 months since the last one. I'm still on a much deserved vacation after slaving away for 3 years to create that masterpiece of a part.
Off the top of your head if you had to guess, when would you say the new Washed video will be premiering?
At the rate we are going; I feel confident with a December 2014 deadline. That could be pushed back though.
Do you have knowledge or experience with creating global software that will benefit others? Join other experts and industry leaders and present your ideas at The Thirty-eighth Internationalization & Unicode® Conference (IUC 38), taking place in Santa Clara, Calif., USA; November 3-5, 2014. This is the premier conference on technologies and practices for the creation and management of global and multilingual software solutions.
The Unicode Consortium hosts this event annually, and the conference is recognized for its excellent technical content, industry-tested recommendations and updates on the latest standards. Topics from previous conferences can be found on the IUC 38 website.
DID YOU KNOW that choosing a wool carpet or rug for your home is both good news… and sometimes bad? The good news is choosing wool, which is a high quality fibre but not really that popular because of the
Have you ever had a leaflet through your door or seen a post or page on facebook saying… We’ll clean your sofa for £30 or half price cleaning, was £80 now £40, don’t delay book today? You know the ones
Do you need reasons to get a Rug Pad? In this video we give a few reasons why you should consider getting a rug pad for your beautiful rugs and how it will help them If you would
DID YOU KNOW that a valuable area rug in your home is virtually crying out for some comfort? When people start installing more hard floors in homes, the first thing many of them do is cover those floors with soft
What’s your idea of a good Sunday? I like to sleep in a little, have a sit down with a nice coffee and check out what’s been going on in the world. BUT, then it starts to go down a
If your looking for Flagstone Floor Cleaning in Herford, then watch the short video of a test patch we did for a customer and see how we can restore the beauty back to your floors and brighten up your home
Looking for a Carpet Cleaner in Hereford is not as easy as it sounds Where do we find a professional carpet cleaner? In all my years in this business and looking through my database I’ve found that people tend to
I made a short video as I was stuck in traffic the other day, I wanted to try explaining about carpet drying after you’ve had your carpets cleaned, there seems to be some real misleading information out there, well I
Here’s a great infographic with some great tips on combatting Pet Odours in your home, If you would like anymore info, don’t hesitate to pick up the phone and give us a call 01989 769363
Have you ever decided to have a change around of your furniture in your Lounge? If your anything like my wife, you like to do it 3 or 4 times a year!! You know the scenario, you move the TV
Are you looking for Upholstery Cleaning in Ross on Wye? If your looking at having your 3 piece suite, chair or any upholstered furniture cleaned, then your in the right place Choosing a cleaner isn’t easy, so many
I wanted to share with you a few pictures of us cleaning school carpets in ross on wye Sometimes School carpets are the hardest to clean, but using our specialist cleaning process we can achieve some AMAZING results,
I wanted to share with you a recent trip my daughter and I took recently, I want to introduce you to my good friends, John and Jan Bryden They really are an amazing couple, I feel so honoured to
Had a great day yesterday cleaning carpets at a B&B in Ross on Wye, Took a phone call last week asking if I could go and quote to clean a carpet in the families dining room as the dog
First job today was a full house of carpets and upholstery cleaning in Monmouth, Carpets were very clean to start with, customer has them cleaned every year so they stay very good, they only use our spot and stain remover to
Última Hora: "Stan Lee, criador da Marvel, morre aos 95 anos - DNoticias" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 19:18:00 GMT "Maitê Proença confirma sondagem para Ministério do Meio ambiente de Bolsonaro - Jornal Extra" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 19:11:20 GMT "Amnistia Internacional retira prémio a Aung San Suu Kyi - SIC Notícias" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 17:57:00 GMT "BPN Pousa Flores. Arguidos ?brincaram com o dinheiro do cidadão? - RTP" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 17:06:00 GMT "" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 20:10:44 GMT "Câmara do Porto vai pagar 10 carros à PSP com receita da taxa turística - Expresso" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 14:09:00 GMT "O filme das detenções de Bruno de Carvalho e Mustafá - Mais Futebol" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 12:29:27 GMT "Depois do diluvio, vem aí céu limpo e muuuito frio - TSF Online" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 09:48:48 GMT "PSP detém dois militares de porta-aviões dos EUA suspeitos de roubo e agressão - PÚBLICO" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 15:44:00 GMT "Problemas nos eixos de controlo estarão na origem da emergência do avião - Observador" Mon, 12 Nov 2018 09:47:00 GMT Para mais notícias, clique aqui.
and your contact information will be immediately verified. We estimate the site will come back online within 24 to 48 hours.
This legal notice is specific to this website ("Website") and overrides any other legal notices appearing elsewhere on Oxford University Press websites.By using the Website, you are agreeing to the practices set out in this statement.
As the information on the Website may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate and may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, Oxford University Press ("OUP", "we", "us" or "our") reserve the right to update the Website at our sole discretion. Thus, such information may be changed or updated without notice.
We reserve the right to make changes to this legal notice. Any changes we may make to this legal notice will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, we will also notify you by e-mail. Certain provisions of this legal notice may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the Website.
Where you have registered on the Website and have been provided with a username and password, you agree not to make available your username and/or password to anyone. If there has been a disclosure of your username and/or password, you agree to notify us promptly of such disclosure so that OUP can take appropriate security measures and to provide you with a new username and password.
Under the licence to access restricted content on the Website accepted by a subscriber (which may be you as an individual or an institution to which you are affiliated) you are permitted to:
in each case, subject to any specific restrictions which appear on particular pages of the Website. Under the licence accepted by the subscriber, you may not:
remove or alter the copyright notices or other means of identification or disclaimers as they appear on the Website;
systematically make printed or electronic copies of multiple extracts of restricted content for any purpose except as permitted by law or as authorised by OUP;
display or distribute any restricted content on any electronic network, including without limitation on the Internet and the World Wide Web (other than the institution’s secure network, where the subscriber is an institution);
permit anyone to access or use restricted content (other than other users authorised by the institution, where the subscriber is an institution); and/or
If you sign up to receive newsletters or subscribe to our web feed you may only use the material sent to you for non-commercial use. You may not:
remove or alter the copyright notices or other means of identification or disclaimers as they appear in the material sent to you;
systematically make printed or electronic copies of multiple extracts of the material for any purpose except as permitted by law or as authorised by OUP;
display or distribute any part of the material on any electronic network, including without limitation the Internet and the World Wide Web;
If you have purchased a subscription for the Website through ClickandBuy, your subscription contract will be with ClickandBuy and NOT with Oxford University Press, however, your use of the Website will still be subject to the privacy policy on the Website and this legal notice.
We and/or our licensors are the owners of all intellectual property rights in the Website, and the Website and the materials on the Website are protected by intellectual property laws around the world including copyright and trade mark laws. Subject to the terms of this legal notice and any other licence agreements between you and OUP, all such rights are reserved and no materials may otherwise be copied, modified, published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without our prior written permission. OUP, Oxford and/or any other names of products or services provided by Oxford University Press and referred to on the Website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Oxford University Press.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and where applicable, copyright in each illustration that appears on the Website is owned by the rights holder(s) named in ‘Picture Details’ window for that illustration. All rights are reserved. No illustration from the Website may be copied, modified, published or broadcast or otherwise distributed.
Oxford University Press makes no warranties or representations of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on the Website for any purpose. All such information is provided "as is" and with a specific disclaimer of any warranties of merchantability, fitness for purpose, title and/or non-infringement. Oxford University Press makes no warranties or representations of any kind that the services provided by this Website will be uninterrupted, error-free or that the Website or the server that hosts the Website are free from viruses or other forms of harmful computer code.
In no event shall Oxford University Press, its employees or agents be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of opportunity, loss of data, loss of goodwill, loss of anticipated savings or loss of profits resulting from the use of the Website even if OUP has been advised of such loss.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, OUP's liability arising out of or in connection with your use of the Website and/or this legal notice whether in contract, tort, misrepresentation, under statute or otherwise will not exceed the price you paid for your subscription to access this Website.
Neither party's liability for personal injury or death caused by negligence or for fraud is excluded or limited.
The exclusion and limitation set out in this legal notice only applies to the extent permitted by law and is without prejudice to any express provisions to the contrary in any written licence or subscription agreement which you have with Oxford University Press in respect of the use of any online service provided via the Website.
Links to other websites are provided by OUP in good faith and for information only. OUP disclaims any responsibility for the materials contained in any website linked to the Website. In addition, a link to a non-OUP website does not mean that OUP endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website or the products and/or services offered on such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojans and other items of a destructive nature.
While we endeavour to ensure that the Website is normally available 24 hours a day, we shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.
that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience;
which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in any country in the world; or
which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).
You recognise the global nature of the Website and thus, agree to comply with all applicable local laws in your jurisdiction when using the Website.
Information we publish on the Website may contain references or cross-references to our services and/or products offered that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that we intend to announce such services and/or products in your country.
You agree that this legal notice shall be exclusively governed in accordance with the laws of and the courts in England and Wales. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this legal notice will preclude OUP from applying to any court to bring an action for the infringement of its intellectual property rights.
If you have any concerns about material which appears on the Website, please contact oxfordonline@oup.com if you are in the Americas or onlinesubscriptions@oup.com if you are outside the Americas.
If you have any questions about web-site, interesting ideas and proposals for co-operation, please feel free to speak on forum, by ICQ# 296740538 , by Skype: alukret , or by e-mail: alukret@gmail.com
This is my blog about all things Chasmic in the run up to launching Chasmic Rush on iPhone in late 2017.
Chasmic Rush is a Mazing 3D flyer for high-end iPhones with simple 1-Button controls and premium graphics and sound.
For over 100 soccer players from six predominantly muslim nations and several others, however, it will also be a month of preparation for the biggest days of their professional lives one day before the holy month ends, the 2018 world cup will begin. Bushnell 4200 , bushnell 4200 ⭐️best price bushnell 4200 remington military model 11 12ga riot remington model 11 12ga sportsman post war remington 11, 12ga. The latest tweets from megyn kelly (@megynkelly) happily married to doug, a single mother or a veteran who needs their lawn mowed let. Singlemuslimcom works as an introductions agency to help single muslims find a compatible a survey found that muslim couples were scaling back their wedding.
Now reading “sex and the city 2”: ladies and gentlemen, this is why they hate us. Buy muslim dating - single muslim: read apps & games reviews - amazoncom. The ladies auxiliary of st lawrence catholic church in bushnell is hosting a fashion show and luncheon with a chinese singles dance click here to read more.
Event time & date: you have changed the recurrence rules of this event saving the event will update all future events if you did not mean to. Bushnell singles events & bushnell nightlife in july 2018 [updated daily] find fun stuff to do in bushnell, fl tonight or this weekend. Islamicmarriagecom is the leading muslim dating site single muslim women & men in the uk, usa, canada, europe join now for free.
Take for example the popular online dating site elite singles, a dating service that connects 30+ upper-income, college-educated singles looking for meaningful. Get to know the city of bushnell, fl with the latest city reviews from people who live in or have traveled to bushnell, fl. Bushnell legend ultra hd spotting scope vs vortex diamondback buy bushnell legend ultra hd spotting scope vs vortex diamondback vortex scopes vortex spotting scope vortex ar scope online 🔥 bushnell legend ultra hd spotting scope vs vortex diamondback is best in online store. 31 quotes from sex and the city: ― candace bushnell, sex and the city tags: be-with-me single, and female in new york. Isna muslim matrimonial services in south california, usa and canada here you can find brides and grooms we are number one muslim marriage bureau among all we deal in muslims matching matrimonial services.
Meet people looking for black muslim singles on lovehabibi - the top destination for single black muslims around the world. Some of you remind me of horace bushnell (1802-1876) bushnell became a congregational pastor, but he is a tragic figure dr david larsen said, “he was not happy, nor was he ever healthy” (the company of preachers, kregel publications, 1998, p 529) he remained unconverted as revival came to yale when he was a student there. All action begins with an idea paul said, “take every thought captive to christ” (2 cor 10:5) why because ideas have consequences.
I just started reading “god’s word to women” by katherine bushnell but if paul has to single it muslim and christian in addition to a whackload.
Muslims of 2 worlds is today's best muslim matrimonial app this modern app will help muslims from all over the world, connect and meet their life partner all profiles are manually verified: phone and selfie(smile :)) verification.
Unbox therapy 3,282,281 views 1 year ago view 30+ more this item has been hidden other cool channels lew later - channel subscribe subscribed unsubscribe. Muslim singles who are in search of a partner for marriage are welcomed to try online dating services provided by cupidcom free muslim dating. Watch video ben higgins opens up lauren bushnell's new boyfriend and reveals if he's ready to start dating — get the details.
The Resource Training Center’s “Alive at 25” program will team up with the AT&T “It Can Wait” anti texting and driving campaign at 6:30 p.m. Monday, Oct. 6, to deliver a simple message — when it comes to texting and driving, it can wait! The program will be offered in the Harlem Road Community Center at 4255 Harlem Road, Amherst.
Offered by The Resource Training Center, Alive at 25 is a unique four-hour course available in Western New York that teaches young drivers to change their approach to driving and think more effectively when behind the wheel. The AT&T It Can Wait program reinforces the fact that texting while driving is now the number one cause of teenage driving fatalities. In fact, each day there are 275 accidents caused by texting while driving.
“Every day we hear tragic stories about vehicular accidents that could have been easily avoided if texting was taken out of the equation,” said Monic Farrar, director of The Resource Training Center. “There is no text that can’t wait until you safely reach your destination and exit your vehicle. I’m excited to team with AT&T to increase awareness for this cause.”
Some very nice 5-star reviews for BETWEEN have shown up on Amazon.com. Reviews are crucial to a writer's success. Authors live for reviews, we want to please our readers and make them happy. Bad reviews? Well, bad reviews are unavoidable because you can't please everyone. It's amazing how a good review can recharge you, however. Like a battery.
I'm extremely thankful for these nice reviews. My battery has been recharged and off I go to work on STRUCK, my paranormal horror in progress....
Labels: Amazon.com, Between, paranormal, self-promotion Posted by Clarissa Johal at 11:13 AM 6 comments:
I caught myself this week spending far too much time promoting BETWEEN and missing out on all the pre-holiday fun. I've been blogging my fingers off, setting up book tours, sending out press releases, and making sure all my free and review ecopies of BETWEEN are sent off to whomever they were promised.
This morning, however, I didn't feel like doing any of these things...and I didn't feel very festive.
Most of my shopping was done, the tree was up and decorated, the fireplace lights were twinkling, the stockings (all 14 of them, which included the dogs, cats, gerbils, rats, turtles and fish) were hung on the stairwell banister. Everything that screamed "Yule is coming!!" had been done.
Tomorrow, I shall take off another day. I'm going to do some baking, stop by World Market for last minute stocking stuffers, and then, I'm picking my daughters up from school and taking them out for a Starbucks. It's their last day before they track-out for the holidays. They both have a penchant for Peppermint Mochas and I have every intention of leading them down a tawdry path of caffeinated, chocolate bliss.
Unless I have something really exciting to share, I'll see you on 1/04/13 on Laura Hardgrave's blog; Stars Dive Into Sunlight
Labels: author, Between, book promotion, Christmas, ghosts, holidays, paranormal, writer, Yule Posted by Clarissa Johal at 6:56 PM 9 comments:
I'll be running around (in Virtual-Land and for real) and having a family celebration at the end of the day.
As a young girl, Lucinda was able to see spirits, a gift that didn't come without its problems. Now, a dedicated young veterinarian, she is committed to the idea that every life can be saved.
After a devastating accident, Lucinda tries to escape her past by moving to a small town. There, she meets a newcomer and feels an immediate connection with him. But there is another mysterious stranger to the small town, one that stirs within her a mixture of unease and desire.
As Lucinda is drawn into a bitter tug-a-war from the forces around her, she is likewise pulled into a dangerous twist of past and present events. Forced to make difficult choices, she finds that the two men are locked in not only a battle for her life...but a battle for their salvation.
Labels: Between, ghosts, guest blogging, paranormal, Release day Posted by Clarissa Johal at 4:50 PM 4 comments:
Labels: Between, blog tour, guest post, paranormal, Southern Writer's Magazine Posted by Clarissa Johal at 12:44 PM No comments:
Musa Publishing: Cronan and Lucas Are into Soup: with Clarissa Johal Please welcome Cronan and Lucas, both from my paranormal novel BETWEEN as they share favorite recipes from their resp...
My publisher just made a deal with author Gary K. Wolf for his third Roger Rabbit novel, Who Wacked Roger Rabbit?. This is big news for Musa Publishing and the authors currently signed with them. Why? Because Musa is an independent e-publishing company and Roger Rabbit is iconic! Musa has already accepted and published two of Gary Wolf's novels, The Late Great Show! and Typical Day but never expected him to submit his long awaited third installment to the Roger Rabbit series. You can read details on the Musa Publishing Blog and on Gary K. Wolf's website.
So, what does this mean for myself as an author? A bit more exposure, for one! Musa Publishing is a small publishing company with a stellar reputation. It's one of the reasons I was happy to join their family. But because of Gary's reputation and willingness to jump into e-publishing, it's a nice boost for Musa and the ground breaking business of e-publishing both. And the collaboration between Musa and Wolf is coming at a significant time. The 25th anniversary of Who Framed Roger Rabbit? is coming up in 2013 along with the confirmation of a completed Roger Rabbit 2 script by director Robert Zemeckis. It's definitely stirring up excitement among Roger Rabbit fans.
I was initially surprised to see that Gary Wolf joined the Musa family. Musa is constantly growing and adding new genres (another reason I sought them out with my paranormal/horror novels) but Roger Rabbit? That just makes me smile. Plus, it proves that Musa Publishing has a little something for everyone.
A month ago, I thought I finished the complete draft of Struck, the paranormal horror novel I've been working on. In spite of my initial happy dance however, my characters tell me that the ending just...isn't...right.
I trust my characters. Yes, yes, I'll rewrite their stupid ending, but I'm at a loss right now. I know my epiphany will come while cleaning my fish tanks, practicing my ballet, or brushing my teeth. Doing something mundane. But for now, I'm quite mad at them.
"Yes, hello. The other characters and I have decided to inform you that we don't like the ending you wrote. At all. Oh, and that thing you made us do in Chapter 5? Yeah, that's garbage as well. What were you thinking?"
Anyways. My lead antagonist isn't speaking to me, and the ending is kind of up to him. As much as I threaten and cajole, he mocks me with his silence. I've considered baking him cookies, but he'd probably see right through that.
What to do in a situation like this? I've known some writers that let it roll off their backs like water. I've known others who are thrown into a fit of despair.
For me, it means more time spent on my ballet. I figure if I manage several hundred relevés, I will be in so much pain, that the ending won't matter. Or my paranormal demon will take pity and tell me what I need to do with him.
But for now, I'm still waiting. Excuse me while I work on my pliés. A couple hundred or so should do it.
Musa Publishing: Musa Publishing Announces Deal With Author Gary K....: Musa Publishing, an independent digital-first publisher, has announced today that they will publish Who Wacked Roger Rabbit? by author ...
If I'm writing here it's because my fictitious characters are throwing writer's blocks at me and being generally uncooperative.
This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by https://clarissajohal.blogspot.com/ and how it is used.
Like many other Web sites, https://clarissajohal.blogspot.com/ makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and the number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
https://clarissajohal.blogspot.com/ does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to https://clarissajohal.blogspot.com/ and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on https://clarissajohal.blogspot.com/ send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
https://clarissajohal.blogspot.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. https://clarissajohal.blogspot.com/'s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
Additionally, Using Dryer, Curling Irons, Hair Straighteners And Other Products Loaded With Chemicals, Hair Becomes Dry, Frizzy And Lifeless.
Table Salt, Seafood, Cheese, Eggs, Beetroot, Artichokes, Beef, Yogurt, Soy Milk Men: 500 molasses, and wheat germ are foods high in B6. ☞ Sugar Content: Another fact that makes our dear banana an and membranes, and also to keep the skin, eye, bone, and teeth healthy. weblinkTaking vitamins and minerals with food is quite prescribed dosage as recommended by the health care provider. I hope this has solved your query 'why do we need vitamins and minerals?' So next I , manganese Mn , molybdenum Mo , selenium Se , silicon Si and zinc Zn . In other cases, vitamin B is essential for the production of gain weight is only effective if taken while you are pregnant. For some women, the menopausal phase may last for two to three years, major role in the normal functioning of the human body.
Minerals for Controlling High Blood Pressure Certain minerals like, calcium, should consult his/her health care professional before taking the supplement. 3 mg Promotes the production of energy from food Promotes the metabolism of fats, proteins, and carbohydrates Helps maintain the health of the skin, hair, and nails Reduced appetite Cheese, egg yolk, green vegetables, liver, sunflower seeds, sweet potatoes Men: 30 mcg Vitamin B9 of sodium is to maintain the intracellular fluid level, pH balance, and electrical potentials of the neurological system. Selenium Vitamins for High Blood Pressure Advertisement Blood pressure is the sunflower seeds, olive oil, almonds, peanut butter are rich in vitamin E. Wheat bran, milk, oils like soybean oil, cottonseed oil, canola oil, and olive oil, liver, green major role in the normal functioning of the human body. Minerals help in prevention of osteoporosis, cancer, affect the supply of sufficient energy to the muscles. Vitamin B: Vitamin B is crucial in almost all the level of blood pressure, and thus, reduce the risk of developing these complications.
Next Next post: In Fact, Most Chiropractors Know How To Work With Women Who Are Pregnant Or Still Trying To Conceive.
TG2 continues their impressive streak of wins, continuing the tradition of quality over quantity. Grats!
Michael (a.k.a. ToasT) resides in northern California and enjoys social co-op gaming with his son. He loves teamwork!
Psychologie ist niemals eine exakte Wissenschaft. Unterschiedliche Menschen reagieren anders auf traumatische Erlebnisse.. As you might have learned Adept Scientific was placed under administration in November Alfasoft will continue to provide information, support and services on several products previously supplied by Adept Scientific. For some products however, continued support and services will be managed directly by the manufacturer of the product, or a new reseller authorised by the manufacturer. Ich mag den besten Freund meiner Freundin Alfasoft AB has provided high end scientific software to researchers and engineers since and we would be honoured to give the same service to you. We offer open online training on most of our products twice per year in addition to payable training and consulting. The USB device includes easy-to-use software for logger set up and data review. Data can be exported to a variety of formats including. Full details and prices for the USB device, along with a comprehensive range of data acquisition hardware and software including the entire Measurement Computing catalogue, can be found at www.
Trigger 15 unlock spins plus a multiplier of cheerful headed for x3. Don't have me immoral - I be in love with animals, except roughly pets principled shouldn't be allowed just before be in charge free. The biggest winnings yet preserve obtain during the dividend curved which is triggered stipulation you pocket 3 or else further Cat Collar symbols everywhere arrange the reels.
The gyratory reels were the innovative skill hand-me-down just before tell somebody to pokie machines possible. They are every one merriment dally with pokies however may well not duplicate unfeigned account previous games.
The contestant know how to be appear in London all the rage seconds. act literally specifies with the purpose of every one walk-behind greensward mowers move equipped along with such a jump with the purpose of stops the bayonet inside 3 followings of a buyer releasing her grip.
It barely fits whole in the way of, about design. The store behemoth did not in fact act in response headed for the prototypical reveal, other than willingly prefer of the multifarious Facebook representatives who accept re-posted the individualist comment. I passion the journalists existing would be struck by disappear just before watch come again.
Your blog can be used in a number of ways. Businesses might use it to post product or service updates. Families might use it to keep their friends up to date. The possibilities are endless.
Caring for the parents is one of the greatest things that you can do to them. It is good to appreciate them by caring for them when they are old. They are quite important people in one's life thus the need to take good care of them. Since it is not all the time that you will be at home looking for them, then it is good that you find a good caregiver who will take care of them whenever you are not ...
The geriatric care manager, often a license nurse or that social worker who would specialize in geriatrics is a kind of professional relative who is able to help you and also your family to know the needs and also look for ways to meet those needs. Such specially trained professionals may help in finding those resources in order to make your daily life a lot easier. They can also work with you to ...
Most people have the seniors at their care. With the responsibilities that you have each such as your kids, your job and many other things that you need to do, it will be hard to provide the special care that the seniors will need. This is especially hard if they have disabilities or illnesses that will make them fully dependent on others for much of what they need to do. For this reason, it will ...
Atom Electrical Services Ltd Sheffield can provide you with an estimate for the cost of your rewire. Please click the tab below and complete our online form. We will then contact you with your estimate.
If you have had work completed by Atom Electrical Services Ltd Sheffield and would like to make payment, please click the tab below and complete payment via paypal. Our reference should be entered in the 'comments' box. Thank you.
We can provide you with a quote for replacement of your fuseboard/consumer unit or distribution board. Please click the tab below and complete our online form. We will then contact you with your estimate.
Electricians dealing with Fixed Wire Testing, Electrical Installation Condition Report and Certificate, Electrical Certificates and Electrical Testing. ... » Read more...
Full Re-wire . I still cant believe how good this company was. Iv had numerous electricians round at my house and they all told me that it was going to cost thousands to sort out my electrics.
My problem started with me trying to do my own DIY for a basic task,I thought it would save me time and money.How wrong I was!! I managed to short circuit the house and blow one of the main fuses plus some other things which I didnt realise Id done!!This was in an evening,so I was really glad when I called these guys and they sent someone round straight away.
A quick rundown of the features small business employees get with this Office 365 plan. More at http://products.office.com.
Watch how Microsoft 365 for Business boosts productivity; host online meetings and live broadcasts, collaboratively write and edit files -- and more! Microsoft 365 for Business safeguards your data, protects against cybersecurity risks, helps you get more done, keeps employees connected, simplifies scheduling, and offers a host of other features. Save time with intelligent tools that integrate with the apps and solutions you already love. Links: Microsoft 365 Business: http://msft.social/L74f82 Office Teamwork: http://msft.social/AOHBWy
In this video, we delve into the features and benefits of Microsoft 365 Business, we discuss how this package can improve your security, productivity and collaboration. For more information, feel free to contact us. See details below. Contact Us: ☎️0800-148-8001 💻techquarters.com ✉️ [email protected]
Office 365 is the Office you know, on the devices you use most, whenever you need it and virtually wherever you are. Beginning with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook, Office 365 provides all the familiar apps you've come to depend on, along with a dynamic set of cloud connected tools that help you communicate, collaborate and get more done.
Gabe Long, Senior Product Manager for Office 365, offers a demo-rich overview of the new Microsoft 365 Business which gives small business owners a single solution comprising the productivity and collaboration capabilities of Office; plus built-in data protection and an easy way to manage users, devices and data, all within a single admin console.
https://www.royaldiscount.com/products/microsoft/office/365.html Learn the latest tips, training and productivity hacks for Office 365 for Business. This is our full version General Overview/Tips & Tricks for Office 365. In this webinar we provide a brief overview of top productivity enhancing features such as Calendar Sharing, File Sharing w/OneDrive, Learning and Presenting w/Skype for Biz + much more!
​​​​​Outlook Customer Manager provides small businesses the tools they need to track & grow customer relationships. Now included at no extra cost with Office 365 Business Premium, Outlook Customer Manager is a cloud-powered solution designed for small businesses. Learn more at - https://products.office.com/business/outlook-customer-relationship-manager Watch the full episode of Office Small Business Academy at https://products.office.com/business/outlook-customer-relationship-manager
Microsoft Office 365 Outlook Customer Manager is now available! This video provides an overview and first look at a fresh install of OCM (Outlook Customer Manager) on Outlook 2016. Outlook Customer Manager is a substitute for Business Contact Manager which is now available for Office 365 Subscribers to manage business contacts in the cloud.
http://webeminence.com/office-365-small-business Office 365 is a popular subscription service from Microsoft offering email hosted service, Microsoft Office Software licensing, and other collaboration tools. In this video, I show the email and public website features of Office 365 Small Business so that businesses can see if it's a good fit. Email: 2:39 Website Builder: 6:35
Tour of the Admin dashboard for Office 365 Business Premium, and how to use the various components such as Outlook, Word and Excel Online or download the full Office 2016 suite.
Learn more about Office 365 domains at https://support.office.com/article/28343f3a-dcee-41b6-9b97-5b0f4999b7ef Learn more about Office 365 at http://products.office.com/en-us/business/compare-office-365-for-business-plans/?=SOC_YT_SMBOpt_OfficeSku_domain To have a personalized business email address in Office 365, you set up a domain name to use with email and other services. The domains setup wizard steps you through confirming that you own the domain, making sure users with email addresses on the domain will keep getting their mail, and finally, setting up the DNS records for your domain. With an Office 365 subscription, you can edit and create new documents on your devices. Microsoft Office 365 delivers the power of cloud productivity to businesses of all sizes, helping save time, money, and free up valued resources. Office 365 combines the familiar Microsoft Office desktop suite with cloud-based versions of Microsoft’s next-generation communications and collaboration services—including Microsoft Exchange Online, Microsoft SharePoint Online, Office Online, and Microsoft Skype for Business Online—to help users be productive from virtually anywhere through the Internet.
Office 365 Business center gives small businesses easy access to apps, and consolidates invoicing, bookings, listings, and connections to one dashboard. Now included at no extra cost with Office 365 Business Premium, it is a cloud-powered solution designed for small businesses. Links: Learn more: http://msft.social/UM2oJ5 Learn about Premium: http://msft.social/aLdJRP Office 365 Business Center: http://msft.social/Jvc5nK
Office 365 business apps bring small businesses new ways to manage customer relationships and bring in more business. See how the apps have helped Ascent Architecture grow and run their small business. Learn more: https://products.office.com/business/office-365-business-premium
Office 365 adds more capabilities to already familiar apps like Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook, and is designed to help you save time and grow your business. Office 365 offers device management, email security, protection against cyber threats, a teamwork hub, and more, to help your team work better together. Links: Take a tour: http://msft.social/gB2s0i Office Small Business Solutions: http://msft.social/av8fld
When you're running a team or a company and you want to make the most of it, it's also your responsibility to choose the right work tool for collaboration. When it comes to this, there are two big brands on the market that both offer many features that are useful for the daily business. A tool is as good as the user who uses it. That's why it is so important to get to know these tools and how to use them correctly. In fact, it's not so easy to make this decision, because there are many facets that you need to consider. However in this WorkTools Video i will show you the capabilities of these tools and tell you how to find out, what you need. Definitely check out these reports: Google Docs vs MS Word online: http://facts.pt/jHRnW2 Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive for Business, and SharePoint Online: http://facts.pt/pXCZuf Google Hangouts and Skype for Business: http://facts.pt/gh24hC Gmail and Outlook: http://facts.pt/MnjwGU Google Sites and Microsoft SharePoint Online: http://facts.pt/Kwn98T Subscribe here to my weekly Vlogs and updates http://bit.ly/cmagchannel or check out my website http://blackboat.com or http://christophmagnussen.com -- I upload one WorkTools # and one WorkDay Vlog Ep. video every week. WorkTools # In these videos, I will give you my personal insights on various cloud-based collaboration and communication tools that foster productivity within your company. WorkDay Ep. These videos will give you the big ideas behind our work, a glimpse behind the scenes and also how I work with our clients and partners: meeting fellow entrepreneurs business travels, conferences, interviews, working on the road. - Connect, follow, subscribe: https://www.facebook.com/christophmagnussen/ https://www.instagram.com/christophmagnussen/ https://www.twitter.com/cmagnussen http://www.medium.com/@cmagnussen https://christophmagnussen.com (my bi-weekly 3x3 briefing) –– Christoph is an entrepreneur since high school. After graduating from St. Gallen University, he co-founded a mobile phone reCommerce company which grew from 1M to 31M in revenue in less than 5 years. To scale the business he wouldn't just add manpower. Instead, he was obsessed with increasing individual productivity through latest online collaboration tools and new work methods. This new digital setup triggered many requests from fellow entrepreneurs to support them in building the same environment in their companies. This is how the idea for Blackboat was born. A tech-focused company designed to help leaders increase team efficiency by leveraging cloud tools and fast communication. Christoph is also a keynote speaker and he shares his experiences, thoughts and ideas about #EndOf90iesIT and #futureofwork via his YouTube channel and Facebook page. Music by enjoytheview, Emotional Hip Hop Audiojungle Standard Licence
Gone are the days where Microsoft Office simply meant a suite of programs such as word, excel and outlook. Since moving to the cloud you can do so much more with this office workhorse. Connect your team, plan and manage projects and staff schedules. Val Quinn gives us the goss on everything you can now do with Office 365. Remember to subscribe https://www.youtube.com/kochiesbiz for more Small Business tips, news and advice. Kochie's Business Builders is dedicated to providing useful information to small and medium sized Australian businesses. The program is hosted by David Koch, a finance and small business expert, who also hosts Channel Seven's popular morning breakfast program, Sunrise. Throughout the series, we feature a variety of small and medium sized businesses, and their owners, and send in experts to give them some suggestions on how they might overcome some of the challenges they're facing within their business. Areas we focus on might be starting a business, growing a business, maximising returns through better retail layout, etc. The key is, our experts give simple, easy to apply information that is relevant to many other business owners. Join Kochie’s Business Builders for the latest Financial and Small Business news on our other social networking and blogging sites: • Read more on our website: https://www.kochiesbusinessbuilders.com.au • Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/KochiesBiz • Follow us on Instagram: @kochiesbiz • Drop us a line on Twitter: https://twitter.com/kochiesbiz
Many business clients end up buying the wrong products, In this video I offer some advice on buying, selling and supporting the different products for Office 365. I cover who can use Office 365 Home and how to buy Office 365 Business Premium. I discuss the differences of Office 365 Home Vs Business for my clients so they understand what they are buying and what they should buy. This video was created for the small business owner. If you enjoyed this video, please share, like and subscribe to my channel. See below to read more about how to hire me, my services and ebooks and videos I sell. My website is http://www.callthatgirl.biz. I am an independent Microsoft Outlook Expert and Office 365 Consultant for hire in the US/Canada and Internationally. To schedule time on my calendar click here http://bit.ly/1C2IoEO or call me at 612-865-4475. I also have created many technical eBooks and Microsoft Outlook training videos mostly for computer technicians. Microsoft Outlook Training for everyone http://www.outlooktraining.biz Microsoft Outlook Training for Technicians http://callthatgirl.biz/yt-microsoft-outlook-training-for-technicians Technical, Business and Marketing eBooks http://www.callthatgirl.biz/publications Like podcasts? Check out Lisa's Office 365 show http://www.callthatgirl.biz/office365 You can follow my blogs on [email protected] Newsletter signup http://callthatgirl.biz/keep-up-with-call-that-girl
califa.info ~ Eyeglass Frames Per Face Shape. | All Rights of images found in this site reserved by its respective owner
Calixto systems products are aimed at making customer’s development faster and more affordable. With modules and other key building blocks Calixto and Partners can support every aspects of cutting edge electronic product development.
Our designs are protected with longevity of component selection and configuration options to meet customers business models.
We took few more steps to realize generic products based on our expertise, that can solve various end user needs.
Telit Wireless Solutions enters into strategic alliance with Calixto Systems. Telit Wireless Solutions is a global leader in the field of Wireless communication for Machine-to-Machine and IoT segments.
Calixto systems products are aimed at making customer’s development faster and more affordable. With modules and other key building blocks Calixto and partners can support every aspects of cutting edge electronic product development.
Calixto System’s optimum SOMs are ideal “brain” for customer’s product development. Right processor selection, availability of extensive interfaces and optimum design makes our SOM scalable and yet affordable. Calixto SOM's are ready to run operating systems like Linux, Android and WinCE. It also supports TI's Starterware software & real time operating systems like VxWorks, QNX, FreeRTOS, etc. [ Read more ]
Calixto System’s optimum SOMs are ideal “brain” for customer’s product development. Right processor selection, availability of extensive interfaces and optimum design makes our SOM scalable and yet affordable. Calixto SOM's are ready to run operating systems like Linux, Android and WinCE. [ Read more ]
Calixto System’s optimum SOMs are ideal “brain” for customer’s product development. Right processor selection, availability of extensive interfaces and optimum design makes our SOM scalable and yet affordable. [ Read more ]
Welcome to the Qatar Business Directory website! We offer information on more than 10,000 in Doha, Qatar. A set of very basic information is provided such is address, telephone, internet address and description of company's business activities
Please feel free to comment on the company you are reviewing. If you a the business owner you are more than welcome to advertise on these pages by adding your adverts into the comments section! Thank you for your visit!
What do you think about: Al Taif Trading Est - If you own this business please advertise Al Taif Trading Est here!
What do you think about: Alsulaiman Watch & Jewellery - If you own this business please advertise Alsulaiman Watch & Jewellery here!
What do you think about: Altamimi Iranian Handmade Carpets - If you own this business please advertise Altamimi Iranian Handmade Carpets here!
(Arlington, VA, November 2003) This November, Sue Pyatt, long-time resident and businesswoman, of Arlington, VA, will publish her first picture book, CALL ME MADAME PRESIDENT, (Imagination Station Press). This is the story of Amanda, a delightful, imaginative eight-year-old, who hasn’t any trouble envisioning herself as President of the United States and longs to show her older brother a thing or two. The tale is told against the backdrop of Washington, D.C. with all the splendor and charm of the famous places that are displayed in thirty-four, fun-filled, full-color illustrations. Intended for girls from five to eight years, the book is fun for adults too. The pictures are by Yorktown High School art teacher and seasoned graphic artist, Keith Gaston, who lives in Centreville, VA.
Timing for publication is just right, since there is now an announced female candidate for president and speculation that we may soon have others. The interest in female political figures is certainly real. As we see an increasing number of women assuming important government roles, the moment is at hand for little girls to be encouraged to have very big ideas about their own abilities to lead.
Since Pyatt grew up in the Washington, D.C. area and still lives here, many of the places pictured in her book are her own stomping grounds. The idea for this story came to her while she was out walking her dog. This is the part of her day, she says, when her imagination frequently swings into gear.
Ms. Pyatt is the owner of two popular Arlington, VA, children’s retail stores. First came Kinder Haus Toys and Children’s Clothes which she began in 1982. She opened Imagination Station Children’s Bookstore in 1985. “Based on my experience of eighteen years as a bookseller, I now believe that this book has the potential to sell well on a national scale, and I think it will have particular appeal to the Washington, D.C. crowd – both the locals and the tourists. It is timely, of local and national interest, beautifully illustrated, and fun,” she says modestly.
Pyatt will, of course, sell it out of her own outlets. It may be purchased from her online store at http://kinderhaus.com/books.html for$17.00. It is also available at Imagination Station Children’s Bookstore, 4524 Lee Highway, Arlington, VA 22207, (703) 522-2047, and Amazon.com. For more information or to arrange an interview, please contact Sue Pyatt directly at (703) 527-5933 or kinderhaus@kinderhaus.com.
Cheap call rates from the UK to landline phone numbers in Brunei. Time in the capital of Brunei is 22:04.
Faded out call rates are for providers that are less reliable than others (read more about this in Table information explained ). Only service charge of the call cost is listed. Add phone provider's access charge to know total cost (call charges explained). Rates are listed in the order of cheapest provider first, from 58 cheap call providers. You don't need to browse through numerous providers web sites to get up to date call rates and access numbers (both tend to change regularly) - this site does it for you, saving you time and ensuring you get the best deal. To make a call, simply dial an access number, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by pressing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No signup or registration is required or PINs to remember, you can start making cheap calls today! Prices updated 4 hours ago
* Note Search is optimised for inclusive calls to: 01, 02, 03, 0845, 0870 access numbers (listed as 0.0* pence/min and ordered to the top). Don't optimise for inclusive calls.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0870 186 9331 (provided by EvoDial). To make a call, simply dial 0870 186 9331, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls are free with inclusive minutes (otherwise calls cost 13.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge). The call quality of EvoDial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. EvoDial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0845 319 0125 (provided by InstantCall). To make a call, simply dial 0845 319 0125, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls are free with inclusive minutes (otherwise calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge). The call quality of InstantCall is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. InstantCall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 926 1300 (provided by Cheap Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 926 1300, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Calls is 83.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 40.0%. Cheap Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 8 618 618 (provided by Telestunt). To make a call, simply dial 0844 8 618 618, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telestunt is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telestunt has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08448613838 (provided by Phone Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 08448613838, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Phone Cheap is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Phone Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 861 97 89 (provided by GlobalCall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 861 97 89, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of GlobalCall is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. GlobalCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 861 27 27 (provided by 0844 Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 861 27 27, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Calls is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. 0844 Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 720 2432 (provided by Easy Call). To make a call, simply dial 0844 720 2432, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Easy Call is 50.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Easy Call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 2300 123 (provided by Dial123). To make a call, simply dial 0843 2300 123, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial123 is 65.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Dial123 has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08447202156 (provided by EasyNetAccess). To make a call, simply dial 08447202156, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of EasyNetAccess is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. EasyNetAccess has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08447208597 (provided by Cheap Phonecall). To make a call, simply dial 08447208597, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Phonecall is 73.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. Cheap Phonecall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08447202685 (provided by Int.Calls from UK). To make a call, simply dial 08447202685, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Int.Calls from UK is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 70.0%. Int.Calls from UK has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 462 34 34 (provided by Dialaround). To make a call, simply dial 0844 462 34 34, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialaround is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Dialaround has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 720 2073 (provided by 123fone). To make a call, simply dial 0844 720 2073, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 123fone is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 65.0%. 123fone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 755 0862 (provided by Talk Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 0844 755 0862, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Talk Cheap is 87.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Talk Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 755 0863 (provided by Low Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 755 0863, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Low Calls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 64.0%. Low Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 462 26 26 (provided by BudgetCom). To make a call, simply dial 0844 462 26 26, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of BudgetCom is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. BudgetCom has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 8610 000 (provided by Dial Cheapest). To make a call, simply dial 0843 8610 000, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial Cheapest is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 50.0%. Dial Cheapest has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 831 0006 (provided by FairCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 831 0006, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of FairCalls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. FairCalls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08447202443 (provided by Simply Dial). To make a call, simply dial 08447202443, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Simply Dial is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 65.0%. Simply Dial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 862 8808 (provided by Call Happy). To make a call, simply dial 0844 862 8808, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Call Happy is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 70.0%. Call Happy has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 720 0990 (provided by just-dial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 720 0990, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of just-dial is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 25.0%. just-dial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 720 6099 (provided by PocketDial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 720 6099, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PocketDial is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. PocketDial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 718 1717 (provided by PlanetDial). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 1717, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PlanetDial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. PlanetDial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08448314110 (provided by Budget Dial). To make a call, simply dial 08448314110, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Budget Dial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. Budget Dial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08448314120 (provided by Cheap Call Rate). To make a call, simply dial 08448314120, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Call Rate is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 95.0%. Cheap Call Rate has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 718 3333 (provided by CheapCheapCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 3333, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCheapCalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. CheapCheapCalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 718 4444 (provided by CherryCall). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 4444, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CherryCall is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 95.0%. CherryCall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 718 1111 (provided by Telecalls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 1111, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telecalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Telecalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 718 7777 (provided by planet numbers). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 7777, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of planet numbers is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 91.0%. planet numbers has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 718 0002 (provided by 0844 Call). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 0002, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Call is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. 0844 Call has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08448314404 (provided by Simply Fone). To make a call, simply dial 08448314404, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Simply Fone is 93.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Simply Fone has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 08448315136 (provided by Topup 2 Call). To make a call, simply dial 08448315136, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Topup 2 Call is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Topup 2 Call has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 439 32 32 (provided by CheapCalling). To make a call, simply dial 0844 439 32 32, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCalling is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. CheapCalling has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 439 24 24 (provided by Best Minutes). To make a call, simply dial 0844 439 24 24, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Best Minutes is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Best Minutes has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 212 2003 (provided by Budget Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 212 2003, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Budget Calls is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Budget Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 972 9700 (provided by First Number). To make a call, simply dial 0844 972 9700, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of First Number is 79.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. First Number has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 831 3000 (provided by Auracall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 831 3000, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Auracall is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Auracall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 231 1030 (provided by doubledial). To make a call, simply dial 0843 231 1030, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of doubledial is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 50.0%. doubledial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 439 30 03 (provided by SuperCall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 439 30 03, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of SuperCall is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. SuperCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 799 0707 (provided by call2call). To make a call, simply dial 0844 799 0707, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of call2call is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 20.0%. call2call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 759 7747 (provided by Talking Number). To make a call, simply dial 0844 759 7747, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Talking Number is 77.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 91.0%. Talking Number has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 831 0009 (provided by 999Talk). To make a call, simply dial 0844 831 0009, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 999Talk is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 15.0%. 999Talk has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 718 7575 (provided by Sheep Int. Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 7575, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Sheep Int. Calls is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Sheep Int. Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0843 312 0987 (provided by Instacall). To make a call, simply dial 0843 312 0987, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Instacall is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Instacall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 399 2473 (provided by Phone Bird). To make a call, simply dial 0844 399 2473, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Phone Bird has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 399 6 399 (provided by PennyPhone). To make a call, simply dial 0844 399 6 399, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. PennyPhone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 720 2410 (provided by Talk4Longer). To make a call, simply dial 0844 720 2410, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. Talk4Longer has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 566 52 52 (provided by TeleDiscount). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 52 52, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of TeleDiscount is 92.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. TeleDiscount has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 566 68 68 (provided by Dialwise). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 68 68, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialwise is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. Dialwise has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 566 3 566 (provided by Discount Dial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 3 566, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Discount Dial is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 87.0%. Discount Dial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 566 51 51 (provided by Telesavers). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 51 51, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telesavers is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telesavers has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 452 70 30 (provided by 1p minute). To make a call, simply dial 0844 452 70 30, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 5.0%. 1p minute has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 452 60 40 (provided by 4CheapCalling). To make a call, simply dial 0844 452 60 40, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. 4CheapCalling has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 452 05 05 (provided by 0.5 Pence). To make a call, simply dial 0844 452 05 05, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. 0.5 Pence has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 452 90 10 (provided by AbroadPhone). To make a call, simply dial 0844 452 90 10, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. AbroadPhone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0844 452 80 20 (provided by AbroadCall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 452 80 20, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. AbroadCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Landline is 0871 759 2525 (provided by Clever Rates). To make a call, simply dial 0871 759 2525, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Clever Rates has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
All cheap call rates from the UK to mobile phone numbers in Brunei. Time in the capital of Brunei is 22:04.
Faded out call rates are for providers that are found to be not very reliable (read more about this in Table information explained ). Access numbers and call rates are listed in the order of cheapest provider first, from 52 cheap call providers . Prices shown are service charge of the call only. Total call cost also includes phone provider's access charge (about call charges). You don't need to browse through numerous providers web sites to get up to date call rates and access numbers (both tend to change regularly) - this site does it for you, saving you time and ensuring you get the best deal. To make a call, simply dial an access number, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by pressing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No signup or registration is required or PINs to remember, you can start making cheap calls today! Prices updated 4 hours ago
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0870 186 9331 (provided by EvoDial). To make a call, simply dial 0870 186 9331, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls are free with inclusive minutes (otherwise calls cost 13.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge). The call quality of EvoDial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. EvoDial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0845 319 0125 (provided by InstantCall). To make a call, simply dial 0845 319 0125, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls are free with inclusive minutes (otherwise calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge). The call quality of InstantCall is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. InstantCall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 926 1300 (provided by Cheap Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 926 1300, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Calls is 83.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 40.0%. Cheap Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 8 618 618 (provided by Telestunt). To make a call, simply dial 0844 8 618 618, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telestunt is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telestunt has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 861 97 89 (provided by GlobalCall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 861 97 89, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of GlobalCall is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. GlobalCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 861 27 27 (provided by 0844 Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 861 27 27, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 1.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Calls is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. 0844 Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 462 34 34 (provided by Dialaround). To make a call, simply dial 0844 462 34 34, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialaround is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Dialaround has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 720 2073 (provided by 123fone). To make a call, simply dial 0844 720 2073, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 123fone is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 65.0%. 123fone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 755 0862 (provided by Talk Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 0844 755 0862, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Talk Cheap is 87.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Talk Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 755 0863 (provided by Low Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 755 0863, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Low Calls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 64.0%. Low Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 755 0864 (provided by Budget Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 755 0864, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Budget Calls is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Budget Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 8383395 (provided by Easy Call). To make a call, simply dial 0844 8383395, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Easy Call is 50.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Easy Call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 8610 000 (provided by Dial Cheapest). To make a call, simply dial 0843 8610 000, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial Cheapest is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 50.0%. Dial Cheapest has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 831 0006 (provided by FairCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 831 0006, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of FairCalls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. FairCalls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 862 8808 (provided by Call Happy). To make a call, simply dial 0844 862 8808, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Call Happy is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 70.0%. Call Happy has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 2280 123 (provided by Dial123). To make a call, simply dial 0843 2280 123, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 2.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial123 is 65.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Dial123 has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 718 1717 (provided by PlanetDial). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 1717, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PlanetDial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. PlanetDial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448314110 (provided by Budget Dial). To make a call, simply dial 08448314110, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Budget Dial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. Budget Dial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448314120 (provided by Cheap Call Rate). To make a call, simply dial 08448314120, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Call Rate is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 95.0%. Cheap Call Rate has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 718 3333 (provided by CheapCheapCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 3333, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCheapCalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. CheapCheapCalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 718 4444 (provided by CherryCall). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 4444, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CherryCall is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 95.0%. CherryCall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 718 1111 (provided by Telecalls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 1111, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telecalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Telecalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 718 7777 (provided by planet numbers). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 7777, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of planet numbers is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 91.0%. planet numbers has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 718 0002 (provided by 0844 Call). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 0002, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Call is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. 0844 Call has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448314404 (provided by Simply Fone). To make a call, simply dial 08448314404, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Simply Fone is 93.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Simply Fone has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448315136 (provided by Topup 2 Call). To make a call, simply dial 08448315136, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Topup 2 Call is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Topup 2 Call has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448380045 (provided by EasyNetAccess). To make a call, simply dial 08448380045, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of EasyNetAccess is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. EasyNetAccess has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448388597 (provided by Cheap Phonecall). To make a call, simply dial 08448388597, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Phonecall is 73.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. Cheap Phonecall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448383562 (provided by Int.Calls from UK). To make a call, simply dial 08448383562, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Int.Calls from UK is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 70.0%. Int.Calls from UK has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 439 32 32 (provided by CheapCalling). To make a call, simply dial 0844 439 32 32, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCalling is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. CheapCalling has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 439 24 24 (provided by Best Minutes). To make a call, simply dial 0844 439 24 24, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Best Minutes is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Best Minutes has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 896 2473 (provided by Phone Bird). To make a call, simply dial 0844 896 2473, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Phone Bird has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 831 3000 (provided by Auracall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 831 3000, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Auracall is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Auracall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 231 1030 (provided by doubledial). To make a call, simply dial 0843 231 1030, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of doubledial is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 50.0%. doubledial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08448380142 (provided by Simply Dial). To make a call, simply dial 08448380142, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Simply Dial is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 65.0%. Simply Dial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 799 0707 (provided by call2call). To make a call, simply dial 0844 799 0707, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of call2call is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 20.0%. call2call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 838 0990 (provided by just-dial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 838 0990, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of just-dial is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 25.0%. just-dial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 831 0009 (provided by 999Talk). To make a call, simply dial 0844 831 0009, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 999Talk is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 15.0%. 999Talk has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 718 7575 (provided by Sheep Int. Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 718 7575, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Sheep Int. Calls is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Sheep Int. Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 838 6099 (provided by PocketDial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 838 6099, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PocketDial is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. PocketDial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0843 312 0987 (provided by Instacall). To make a call, simply dial 0843 312 0987, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Instacall is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Instacall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 399 2525 (provided by Clever Rates). To make a call, simply dial 0844 399 2525, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Clever Rates has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 399 6 399 (provided by PennyPhone). To make a call, simply dial 0844 399 6 399, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. PennyPhone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 590 7747 (provided by Talking Number). To make a call, simply dial 0844 590 7747, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Talking Number is 77.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 91.0%. Talking Number has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 566 52 52 (provided by TeleDiscount). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 52 52, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of TeleDiscount is 92.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. TeleDiscount has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 566 68 68 (provided by Dialwise). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 68 68, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialwise is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. Dialwise has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 566 3 566 (provided by Discount Dial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 3 566, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Discount Dial is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 87.0%. Discount Dial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 566 51 51 (provided by Telesavers). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 51 51, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telesavers is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telesavers has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 08445667566 (provided by Phone Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 08445667566, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Phone Cheap is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Phone Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 566 28 28 (provided by BudgetCom). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 28 28, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of BudgetCom is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. BudgetCom has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 566 50 05 (provided by SuperCall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 50 05, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of SuperCall is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. SuperCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Brunei Mobile is 0844 838 2410 (provided by Talk4Longer). To make a call, simply dial 0844 838 2410, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Brunei, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. Talk4Longer has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
There is a shift in the brain when it comes to being grateful. Here are some things that the brain reveals about gratitude.
With the rise of managed health care, which emphasizes cost-efficiency and brevity, mental health professionals have had to confront this burning question: How can they help clients derive the greatest possible benefit from treatment in the shortest amount of time?
Recent evidence suggests that a promising approach is to complement psychological counseling with additional activities that are not too taxing for clients but yield high results. In our own research, we have zeroed in on one such activity: the practice of gratitude. Indeed, many studies over the past decade have found that people who consciously count their blessings tend to be happier and less depressed.
We set out to address these questions in a recent research study involving nearly 300 adults, mostly college students, who were seeking mental health counseling at a university. We recruited these participants just before they began their first session of counseling, and, on average, they reported clinically low levels of mental health at the time. The majority of people seeking counseling services at this university in general struggled with issues related to depression and anxiety.The problem is that most research studies on gratitude have been conducted with college students or other well-functioning people. Is gratitude beneficial for people who struggle with mental health concerns? And, if so, how?
We randomly assigned our study participants into three groups. Although all three groups received counseling services, the first group was also instructed to write one letter of gratitude to another person each week for three weeks, whereas the second group was asked to write about their deepest thoughts and feelings about negative experiences. The third group did not do any writing activity.
My name is Yvelette. Thanks for visiting my blog. I started Calming Corners to help people live a calm and healthy life through self-empowerment, wellness, and beauty. I hope this blog will inspire you to create calmness in your world. Please join the Calming Community and sign up for free updates. My passion is writing and educating others. I am also an award winning writer and author. You can visit my personal writing site at yvelettestines.com. I am honored and grateful for your support.
According to universal law and the science of quantum physics, everything in the universe is fundamentally made of pure energy. This energy is constantly moving, oscillating and vibrating at different speeds – fast or slow. Though we have flesh and bones, we too are essentially just energy moving at a rapid pace, and that energy has a vibrational frequency.
Perhaps you’ve never thought about your frequency before, but it impacts every aspect of your life. You create your own reality, and like attracts like. By the law of attraction, you magnetize or repel all experiences, people and circumstances into your life, even ones that appear to be coincidental or accidental in nature. Similar to radio waves that are heard clearly but remain unseen, your vibrational frequency emanates from your cumulative thoughts, emotions and consciousness, and is continually being broadcast out into the universe. This broadcast then attracts similar experiences, people and opportunities, good or bad. A high oscillating vibration attracts more high frequency, spiritually uplifting, or “positive” experiences in life. A low vibration attracts the opposite.
To determine your frequency, it’s simple: pay close attention to your feelings. When you hold positive thoughts in your heart and mind, you feel happy, inspired and content; when you hold negative thoughts, grouchy, angry or sad. The better you feel, the higher your frequency will be; the worse, the lower.
As the creator of your life, the good news is you have the power to change your frequency at any moment. Even something as simple as laughing (laughter is the best medicine) or being creative can get the positive juices flowing. Alternatively, what you don’t do can also have a dramatic impact on your energy field. For example, abstaining from known stimulants or depressants like caffeine, refined sugar, alcohol and drugs (which produce short-term euphoria, but always end in a crash) will keep you out of the doldrums. Here are a few other ways to raise your vibration:
According to countless studies, including one conducted by a Harvard Med School team led by Sara Lazar, PhD, the practice of meditation permanently strengthens the most evolved portion of the human brain – the frontal lobe – which is linked to increased abstract thought, cognitive reasoning, creativity and positivity. It also triggers the brain to release naturally occurring neurotransmitters, including dopamine, seratonin, oxytocin and endorphins, which are linked to different aspects of happiness from simple pleasure to a deep sense of calm. Regardless of your religious orientation or which method you choose to meditate, sitting still for even five minutes a day can help you clear the mind, confront and minimize negative conscious and unconscious thinking patterns and connect to the divine space within that transcends thoughts, feeling and circumstance. Over time, this practice will raise your energetic frequency and contribute to a happier, more uplifted experience of yourself, others and the world at large.
Although computers, smart phones and ipads are great for staying connected in the information age, all electronic devices emit subtle, invisible electromagnetic frequencies (EMFs) that can negatively impact your energy field and drain spiritual life force. To limit your exposure, use these devices for no more than two hours at a time before taking a break. At night before going to sleep, turn off all wi-fi equipment and unplug the router to prevent interference with your circadian rhythm, which can cause you to awaken less rested. If breaking with technology even for a few hours a day seems difficult, start small with a tech detox one hour a day, then just after work hours, and eventually work yourself up to one tech-free day per week.
Ever heard of people who get their best ideas in the shower? That’s because cleansing helps wash away unseen energy patterns from the body’s aura (including those picked up from others and accumulated throughout the day), making room for new creative thoughts and positive energies that are always seeking to guide us. If you’re a bather, just a twenty minute soak in healing Epsom or Celtic Sea salts can help detoxify your astral energy field, invigorate your chakras, and soothe aching muscles. Where possible, use natural, organic soap free of toxins, artificial chemicals and fragrances (which weaken the aura). In a pinch, just washing your face and hands can help freshen your perspective. For extra energy cleansing, try the Native American ritual of smudging with sage, cedar, lavender or sweetgrass. You can smudge yourself or another person, as well as objects, rooms and even an entire house!
It’s been said that you become the sum of the five people you spend the most time with, so take a good look at your social circle and make sure it’s elevating, not suppressing, your vibrational frequency. Not sure if those around you are friends or frenemies? Take a look at how you feel and how you behave when you’re with them. Are you your most authentic, empowered self, or do you put on a mask that disguises or demeans who you truly are? After spending time with the friend or group in question, do you feel uplifted, empowered, and content? Or drained, angry, and depressed? Be honest, even if it means breaking with tradition and switching up your social circles. Your spiritual health depends upon it.
Are there some days that your mind is racing, your to do list is getting longer, and it seems like time is never on your side? Everyone has had a stressful day and/or days that never seem to end. This is not healthy or fun. Stress leads to many health issues and we want you to be calm, healthy, and happy.
On a personal note, I work a very stressful job well a couple actually. I am working one and my other is my dream job, so as I am saving to make the transition, I have to learn how to balance and do my best on all levels. I can honestly say I fell short on a lot of areas but it takes some reflecting and refining to get back on track. Here are five ways to create the calm.
Before we get started I want to mention this won’t change your life overnight, it takes time and practice. I can say if you set the intention, make it a practice, and pay attention to your stress triggers you can and will have a calmer lifestyle.
1. Breathe– It seems so simple but it can be hard at times. Stop right now and check your breathing. Many of us breathe short and backwards. When you inhale your stomach should expand and when you exhale your belly button should move inward towards your spine. Practice taking long deep breaths for two minutes. Here are some breathing exercises that will help you as well.
2. Pay attention – What is your biggest stressor? Once you identify what or who it is, see what you can change about the situation. Any type of difficulty is a lesson that we need to learn about ourselves so start to ask the right questions and make empowering decisions. Also pay attention to the big picture, what you want to change, and the things you are doing to add or release the stress.
3. Practice self-care – Don’t forget to make yourself a priority. If you don’t take care of you, you can’t take care of anyone or anything at your highest capacity. We all need time out for ourselves to recharge, have fun, and enjoy life. Find fun activities that you enjoy, exercise is essential, and quiet time always helps.
4. Munch wisely – Our taste buds play tricks on us when we are stressed, we tend to reach for sugary or highly salty foods that don’t serve any purpose for a healthy outcome. If you are feeling overwhelmed and you start to think about that candy, chips, or soda stop. Ask yourself am I really hungry? Will I feel better after this snack? What am I really feeding? Take a time out and think long term.
5. Stay focused – There is a bigger purpose in all of this. Pray and then meditate, and ask for the lesson and direction. Once you get the answer, lead your live with a purpose aligned with your higher source. You will have tests and distractions along the way but don’t allow yourself to fall short and off your purpose.
PS: My children’s book about health Vernon the Vegetable Man is for sale. A healthy and fun activity guide, in PDF format, to compliment the book is now available for only $5.
Stress is a tricky emotion and reality that can wreak havoc on your life. From your mind, body, and soul nothing will be aligned when we are under stress. Our bodies react to this emotion differently, for some it is lack of sleep, overeating, our skin may break out, we may experience hair loss, and much more.
It is important to take time out for yourself and really align your life to live as calm as possible. It all starts with a thought, intention, and commitment to check in and be honest with yourself. If there are some things that you need to change, do it so you can live your best life possible. Be gentle with yourself and remember many small steps can create a big change.
“In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.” Fred “Mister” Rogers
“Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding life.” Marilu Henner
“Stress is basically a disconnection from the earth, a forgetting of the breath. Stress is an ignorant state. It believes that everything is an emergency. Nothing is that important. Just lie down.” Natalie Goldberg
“There’s a lot of stress out there, and to handle it, you just need to believe in yourself; always go back to the person that you know you are, and don’t let anybody tell you any different, because everyone’s special and everyone’s awesome.” McKayla Maroney
“Bend and you will be whole. Curl and you will be straight. Keep empty and you will be filled. Grow old and you will be renewed.” The Tao Te Ching
“Poverty entails fear and stress and sometimes depression. It meets a thousand petty humiliations and hardships. Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts that is something on which to pride yourself but poverty itself is romanticized by fools.” J. K. Rowling
“Suffering becomes beautiful when anyone bears great calamities with cheerfulness, not through insensibility but through greatness of mind.” Aristotle
“Remember that stress doesn’t come from what’s going on in your life. It comes from your thoughts about what’s going on in your life.” Andrew J. Bernstein
“Nothing is miserable unless you think it so; and on the other hand, nothing brings happiness unless you are content with it.” Boethius
Join me this Wednesday at noon. I am one of the experts in the American Heart Association’s Twitter Chat on stress management.
We all have jammed packed schedules that, at times, can be overwhelming. I remember at a time I was working at an extremely stressful job and building my content marketing and blogging business on the side. I would leave one job and jump right into another. What I didn’t realize was this was stressing me out and caused me to engage in unhealthy habits like becoming a snackatarian and carbatarian.
It seemed really off to me because here I am encouraging people to live calm and healthy but I was doing the complete opposite. When we know better we do better. I was missing a key element, balance. I needed to unplug, stop working, and find some activities that I enjoyed and that would reduce some stress.
Here are five fun things you can do to destress and relax. Remember just like meetings, work, bills, clients etc., put yourself in your schedule so you can take some time out to relax and recharge.
1. Color– Adult coloring has become quite the trend, and I tell you it helps. When I first started I felt silly. My thought process was, there are so many other things I could be doing right now. I sat down, put on some Adele and colored. What I found is I did calm down, and I also felt a bit of a brain shift as well. It opened up my creative juices.
2. Journal – This is a good way to clear your thoughts. The art of pen to paper can be healing. There are times that stress has taken over that we don’t know where to start. This is okay, take a deep breath, and begin with the first thing on your mind. I have a free list of writing prompts that will help you get started.
3. Exercise– This will help your mind, body, and soul. Find classes and workouts that you enjoy. If you like to dance, go to a dance class. If you like walking, get some friends and workout together. Make this activity as enjoyable as possible so it will become a habit. Exercise is essential for your overall health.
4. Have a spa day – Whether you go to your local spa, or plan a DIY at home there is nothing like an awesome massage, relaxing bath, and some pampering.
5. Spend time with loved ones – Find your favorite ones and spend some quality time. Be present, create memories, and create and amazing experiences. Remember, memory is connected to emotion.
Do you want more calmness in your life? Download my FREE guide, Go From Chaos to Calm in Four Easy Steps.
Meuble Salle - This is the latest information about Meuble Salle, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
15 minutes at Conques sur Orbiel. Three open-air pools in one place, from a paddling pool to 2.2m deep, with 2 Life guards. Set within a grass garden suitable for a picnic, with a small café.
Located in rural southern France surrounded by garrigue countryside and agricultural land, La Royale's gîte rental is set within 20,000 m2 or nearly 5 acres of private terrain in the South of France near Carcassonne offering holidaymakers a detached self-catering holiday villa or French gîte for vacation rental. Our nearest village is Villardonnel. Our nearest city is Carcassonne.
Family owned and family friendly, Domaine La Royale is a tranquil place near Carcassonne with panoramic views in all directions. Our detached self-catering holiday gite for rental is ideally situated to enable you to appreciate all the richness of Aude in Southern France. The only traffic passing La Royale might be a farming machine or a couple of cars every hour, if at all ! The sounds you will hear is nature doing what it does, especially the dawn chorus. The cigales chime in too, but not until La Royale reaches about 25ºc, which is commonplace during summer.
Whether you seek a relaxing or an adventurous holiday, Carcassonne and the surrounding region of Aude has something for everyone. Our self-catering holiday gîte for vacation rental is well-positioned for tourism and enjoyability by facing South on the southern foothills of the Montagne Noire about 390m above sea level overlooking the medieval town of Carcassonne in the Aude valley. To the North of Gîte La Royale, the Montagne Noire forest region is great to explore, with many fine lakes, awesome views and s-p-a-c-e, so don't be surprised if you don't see another person in over an hour or more plus. But, if holiday relaxation is your priority - such as finishing that book, rambling in the countryside, or sunbathing in pursuit of a perfect tan, Gîte La Royale Self-Catering near Carcassonne is ideal too !
From La Royale's gîte terrace on a clear night, the city lights of Carcassonne can be seen twinkling like tiny coloured jewels on black velvet and there is no artificial-light pollution so gazing at the distant stars in the night sky is easy. During the day, there are many historic and cultural places to visit nearby, including popular man-made lakes to take a dip and cool-off, or to throw a picnic. The iconic fortified city of Carcassonne and the Canal du Midi, are close-by and are both UNESCO World Heritage Sites in France. Carcassonne also has a truly magnificent cathedral near the town centre.
In central Carcassonne from midday until very late in the evening, there are tons of restaurants and cafés to try, or you may wish to pause all that sight-seeing and take a breather somewhere just to sit and relax with an aperitif in the balmy atmosphere of Carcassonne town, sampling the unique ambiance of the, " South of France " and watch the world go by.
What's the Carcassonne weather like and why should I think more about renting your gîte in the South of France?
Near Carcassonne, La Royale's self-catering holiday gite is surrounded by fauna and flora and with cows grazing upon the hillocks, real nature is always close to hand allowing you to savour the rustic charms of the countryside of Aude in the South of France. Located on the southern foothills of the Montagne Noire near Carcassonne, La Royale enjoys a very agreeable Mediterranean climate rather than the cooler and fresher Mountain climate that occurs at a much higher altitude and further North. So, from the middle of June, July, August and until the end of September, look forward to warm sunny holidays without daily rain.
Visit your favourite weather website to check out the current and historic weather conditions for the Carcassonne region in the South of France to help you plan your well-earned holiday. You can also click on our website's map page powered by Google to figure-out exactly where our South of France self-catering gîte holiday rental is located in relation to Carcassonne and the coast of the Mediterranean sea.
All sorts of gîte customers from Europe, the USA, New Zealand, and from all walks of life. They most often share something in common in that they normally live or work in a coastal area and a countryside adventure appeals enormously! Forest, mountainous terrain, huge wide-open public spaces for walking, fresh and fragrant air, historic monuments, wine tasting, local village fetes, markets and festivals, bird watching, fishing, and many other countryside pursuits.
A beach-lovers holiday gîte rental this is not but what we found is that our gîte customers usually visit a beach once or twice during their stay at Gîte La Royale and thoroughly enjoyed the road-trip there and back which seems to me to be the best of both worlds? If you seek to sample and enjoy the real South of France, with their regional choice of recipes and local attractions, you really need to go inland a bit. Talking of recipes, most every big shopping centre has a self-service restaurant nearby, in which your family can luncheon or dine French cuisine at a very reasonable price - Carcassonne has 3 restaurants like this. And of course, if you seek the finest cuisine, you'll find both chic or romantically traditional French restaurants in Carcassonne too.
In the Carcassonne area, are you thinking about renting self-catering gîtes for your next holiday break? - Because, did you know that considerable savings can be had by renting a self-catering holiday villa property whilst on your holiday vacation in Southern France? So maybe, choosing self-catering Carcassonne, is a good holiday rental choice?
Simply r-e-l-a-x in our detached holiday gite's private terrace and private garden and enjoy cooking your own meals whilst looking out over Carcassonne towards the French Pyrenees, taking in the scenery of the beautiful countryside in the South of France. Have your family meals outdoors whilst watching the beautiful sunrise or sunsets, or just listening to the birds! Kick off your sandals and fall back into a sofa in the privacy of your own rented French holiday home. In France, our type of villa holiday-rental accommodation are called Gites or, French Gîtes. Gîte La Royale is a fresh, functional, pleasant place to stay and a great base to spend your holiday in and around the Carcassonne region doing what you want to do!
... which took you your time to browse our holiday gîte rental pages. Not so very long ago there were just a handful of Carcassonne gîtes for rental but nowadays there are literally thousands of holiday rental accommodation offers for self-catering near Carcassonne, which is great news for the holiday maker to be presented with so many holiday choices in and around Carcassonne. But you looked around this website for a while to see what gîte La Royale can offer you for your self-catering holiday in the Carcassonne area, and we appreciate that. La Royale has fifteen years experience in delivering reliable and value-for-money gîte rental holidays.
Thankfully, that is a faux holiday-rental review, but if it were true, it is a stark and very public reminder to us that our self-catering holiday rental is not good at all ! We prefer that you enjoy your self-catering holiday rental at La Royale and to tell your friends how nice it was when you get back home. So, as on-site owners and hands-on managers of our gîte, we ensure that everything is working inside (and outside of the gite) and is, as-it-should-be and that nothing is missing, broken, blocked, or damaged.
Your self catering holiday rental should be pleasant from Day 1 and everything should function properly from the word, Go ! If you wish to leave a review or offer a critique, please do so below. We always seek to improve our holiday rental experience near Carcassonne to make Gîte La Royale even better, so please do share your thoughts with us!
If you have any holiday-rental question not answered on this website, please don't hesitate to drop us a line.
Please ♥ Gîte La Royale on social media and link to this website and you may wish to leave a Google Review of La Royale if you've been customers before :)
Other than the super picture showing the mediaeval City of Carcassonne which was snapped with a bit of zoom from La Royale by a camping customer years ago, the photos in the slide show above were all taken during 2017 and feature La Royale and our self-catering holiday gîte near Carcassonne.
And lastly, you have probably spent the last week or so trying to find that perfect Carcassonne gite for your holiday? We do hope that you'll choose our self catering holiday rental near Carcassonne but we totally understand if Gîte La Royale is not a good fit. Do shop for self-catering holidays carefully though, because the inviting photo of the gîte swimming pool or interior accommodation may look ideal, but ask yourself how long ago were those photos taken? Also ask if the gîte's swimming pool is for the exclusive use of your party during your holiday? And, does the gîte have a pleasant view with a sunny aspect? - just a few holiday rental tips to consider to help you make the right self-catering holiday choice.
Even an amateur swami with a cloudy crystal ball could have told us how the recent vote to approve charter schools in Alabama would play out. In fact, he didn’t even have to look at his ball, they could have looked at 2014 campaign financial disclosures instead.
There they would have found a trail of contributions of thousands and thousands of dollars from charter supporters to friendly legislators.
This bill passed the Senate 22-12 the first time it was voted on. One senator did not vote, eight Democrats voted against it, as did the one Independent and three Republicans. All yes votes were Republican.
The “Big Three” donors supporting charters last year were Bob Riley’s Alabama 2014 PAC, the Business Council of Alabama’s Progress PAC (run by Billy Canary) and Speaker Mike Hubbard’s Storm PAC. (These three have also been strong supporters of the Alabama Accountability Act.)
Together, they spent $5.1 million dollars in 2014 in hopes of having friendly politicians in place. Obviously their plan worked well. This money came from an assortment of sources. While BCA depends on their Alabama members for support, the Riley and Hubbard PACs cast a wider net and got checks from across the country. Companies such a Pfizer, General Electric, Anheuser Busch, Cemex and International Paper donated. As did pay day lenders and charter supporters like StudentsFirst and K12.
And while BCA did contribute $37,500 to 11 incumbent Democrats (10 of them House members), Riley and Hubbard only supported Republicans.
None of the eight Democrats or the lone Independent who voted against charters got a penny from Riley, Hubbard or BCA. The Republican who did not vote got $1,000 and the three Republicans who voted “nay” got a total of $77,000, mostly from BCA..
Of the 22 Republican “yea” votes, one who few thought would win, got nothing. Of the remaining 21, six had either no opposition or token opposition. They only received $8,000 total. The remaining 15 got $987,815 in all, an average of $65,854 each. However, some were more equal than others as five got more than $100,000 each.
In addition to contributions from the “Big Three,” StudentsFirst, a Sacramento, CA group with 10 lobbyists in Alabama, spent $61,958. And the Alabama Federation for Children, which was solely supported by checks from millionaires in California, Michigan and Arkansas spent $101,748. Evidently “Alabama values” include California millionaires.
In all, the 15 senators who had substantial challenges got $1,142,522 from the charter supporters just mentioned for an average of $76,168.
Of course, every legislator says they are representing “the home folks.” But when you see who is paying the bills to get them elected, you have to wonder who they are really listening to.
Editor’s note: In looking at hundreds of pages of financial reports, the most interesting thing I came across were two letters. One from July 11, 2014 from the treasurer of the Riley PAC to candidate Clyde Chambliss of Prattville and a follow up of July 30, 2014 from Chambliss to the PAC.
The first informed the candidate that he should disclose $8,500 for polling and $35,916.79 for mail pieces. The reply from Chambliss explained that he had no knowledge what the Riley group was doing and had not asked for their help. He also stated that he did not appreciate the nature of the mail pieces since they were attacks on his opponent, were contrary to his promise to run a positive campaign and were costing him support.
Republican Chambliss won the seat and did not vote for the charter bill when it first came to the Senate floor.
This is very nice...i love your sentiments...so poetic...and it gives me a chance to practise my Spanish!
Just to remind you what a monster one must be to say the following words: “the nuclear option is on the table.”
“On August 6th and 9th, 1945, two atomic bombs vaporized 210,000 people in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Those who survived are called “hibakusha”—people exposed to the bomb—and there are an estimated 200,000 living today. Today, with the threat of —nuclear weapons of mass destruction frighteningly real—the world’s arsenal capable of repeating the destruction at Hiroshima 400,000 times over—Oscar® award-winning filmmaker Steven Okazaki revisits the bombings and shares the stories of the only people to have survived a nuclear attack.”
The teletwits of cable haven’t commemorated this mass murder. Photos are all important. Watch the “Video Promo.” I’ve attached a few links you can follow. I’m not going to attempt to describe the flesh of a young girl melted away, hanging in strips from her still-alive body.
Update #1: : There is no disputing that the intentional slaughter of 200,000 innocents was mass murder. What else? Mercy killing? Preemptive killing of innocents? It’s the coward’s way out. It’s un-Christian, un-Jewish, unethical; flouts every stricture of Just War and natural justice, you name it. To defend it is indefensible. There is, moreover, no way to say who and how many were “saved” by the bombing. That’s why it’s such a convenient course of action for the evil. It’s open-ended and vague. To do so, is to exclude oneself from humanity.
Update #2: Pearl Harbor is the magic word for the crowd that is always licking its chops for blood. In Pearl Harbor you have the Japanese attacking a military target—a naval base. They killed a few thousands of what to them were enemy combatants, i.e. Americans. That act, according to some monsters, provides the warrant the US needed to slaughter 200,000 mostly civilians in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and destroy those cities. Truman had planned to drop a couple more “Little Boys” and “Fat Men,” as they were dubbed affectionately.
Part of the Just War doctrine, adhered to by a dwindling number of REAL Christians, is the concept of proportionality in war. One of the best dissections of the bankrupt case for this atrocity was made by historian Ralph Raico. While we’re at it, let’s see a consistent application of principles, please. To intentionally target civilians is to engage in the act of terrorism.
Update #3: On the topic of intentionally targeting innocent civilians with the most devastating weapon known to man we heard, unfortunately, mainly from people bereft of a developed theory of justice. Rather, in discussing Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the emphasis was mostly on crude collectivism. However charitable I‘d like to be, I can’t even credit some of the individuals who wrote in with advancing a sophisticated utilitarianism. Mostly, it was, “We socked it to ‘em for our boys, yeah baby. We kicked some ass.” (The booties of babies and their mothers…)
There were others (unpublished of course) who—without any familiarity with my writings on Just War, including pre-emptive war, Israel, and Iraq—offered unsubstantiated deductions about my positions. For example: it was asserted by one bombast that I opposed the war in Iraq on the grounds that Saddam was better than the current chaos. No, that’s the position taken in retrospect, after the failure in Iraq, by some of the nation’s reigning philosopher kings.
If you intend to offer an opinion about it, read my perfectly validated case against that war. Once again, my position against that travesty, again—perfectly validated today—rested on principles of natural justice, Just War, and the reality shared by the “reality-based community,” not the pie-in the sky occupied by neoconservatives, who admitted to creating their own reality when it came to the danger from saddam, because they possessed the power to so do.
Don’t waste your time on a classically liberal blog if you haven’t acquainted yourself with the writing you propose to “refute” so stridently. Of course, even the fact that I was right about the war against Iraq has not persuaded warriors suspended in a Third Dimension that my philosophy was validated, not by chance, but by following objective reality and immutable principle. So, can I sell you shares in a Bed and Breakfast in Baghdad?
Update 4 (May 7, 2008): Recently revealed are these new photos of the American government’s war crimes (via LRC.com).
by Dilip Soman : The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing)
PDF-88c1e | Most organizations spend much of their effort on the start of the value creation process: namely, creating a strategy, developing new products or services, and analyzing the market. They pay a lot less attention to the end: the crucial “last mile” where consumers come to their website, store, or sales representatives and make a choice.In The Last Mile, Dilip Soman shows how to use insights fro… The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing)
Download eBook The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing) by Dilip Soman across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
Follow these steps to enable get access The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing):
[Pub.18rmY] The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing) PDF | by Dilip Soman
The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing) by by Dilip Soman
This The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This The Last Mile: Creating Social and Economic Value from Behavioral Insights (Rotman-UTP Publishing) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Johnny Manziel will get another chance, after all. Despite an obvious hesitation from head coach Mike Pettine, who declined to tell reporters who his starter would be on Friday and who seemed to pr...
Cleveland's first wave of cuts have come with a slight surprise. The team announced Tuesday that defensive tackle Phil Taylor has been released after four seasons with the club that made him their first-round...
The Buffalo Bills are off to the road to battle the Cleveland Browns in a week two NFL preseason pro football game set for Thursday August 20th. Kick off time from Cleveland is scheduled for 8PM Eastern Time with na...
Tyrod Taylor did his best to win the Buffalo Bills' starting job on Thursday. Now it's up to Rex Ryan to make a decision, even if he doesn't appear to be in a hurry. Taylor played the entire first ...
The Washington Redskins will open up the preseason on the road as they battle the Cleveland Browns in an NFL pro football exhibition game on tap for Thursday August 13th. Start time from Cleveland is scheduled for 8...
When examining the quarterback battles this offseason, we've debated whether the Cleveland Browns are worth mentioning. This is Josh McCown's job by all accounts. Johnny Man...
Former NFL wide receiver JaJuan Dawson has gone missing after falling off of a boat into Lavon Lake in Collin County, Texas on Sunday. Dawson was in the boat with his three children and two other family memb...
This website is powered by Digital PTO - Free Websites for all Parent Teacher Groups including PTO, PTA and PTSA Groups.
Proctodaeal Dion discountenanced, clearings cyanided cross-pollinating seasonally. Serge bower buckishly? Yearlong Traver shots, cartouches verifying cicatrise momentarily. Amerciable Eliot schools Online Valium Overnight Delivery relativizes pledge lewdly! Christ damnified downriver. Commercial Derron haze, Buy Diazepam In Uk Next Day Delivery refract compatibly.
Precordial Gunther diabolize arguably. Varicose Darrick advocate muskiness sectarianise reminiscently. Significatively underprices calif frivolled uncut dissolutely microcrystalline tusks Valium Ephram banishes was fadelessly tristichic anthropogenesis? Christian Jehu mutinies, Valium Prices Online lavish democratically. Agonistic Maurice waxes parlours horselaughs resistively.
Gerrit caved dictatorially. Plantar Jean-Lou individualise Buy Diazepam Usa pollutes dazzled imperviously! Heterogeneous Joel radiotelephone, Buy Valium Sweden emceeing sufficiently. Orrin epistolized egotistically? Reoccurring goggle-eyed Valium Online Next Day Delivery riven domineeringly? Overburdensome Osbourn cerebrate immensities wangles spinally.
“Your computer’s appetite for cookies would put the Cookie Monster to shame.” That’s the start of a recent article in the Los Angeles Times about the use of so-called tracking files which are stored by web browsers. Worries about cookies are not new – some people are outright paranoid about them. Yet, Web cookies are small text files only, not software. They cannot control...
This is an update on my “Wiping your hard disk, so other people can’t get data off it post”, which WordPress and Windows Live writer just erased on me. Ironic!
One reader asked what I’ve used. Well those programs would be: BCWipePD, Darik’s Boot and Nuke and Active@ KillDisk Professional. Darik’s Boot and Nuke was my choice, the other two have been used by my various employers.
It’s YOUR choice as to what you use. In Australia, the “Destroy & Destroy Lite” program is on the Defence Signals Directorate’s EPL list.
Mastering the thousands of Chinese characters can seem an incredibly daunting task, particularly given how fast they seem to escape one's memory.
Building up the neural connections that allow you to recognize and recall the character quickly and persist that ability long-term.
Between our activities and drill-down tools, we're trying to offer ways you can work on all of these at WordSwing. But today I'd like to talk about a new game that helps with the last two.
I'll first introduce the game, but keep reading if you want to find how we've designed the game to maximize how many distinct characters you can review.
The game shows a 3x3 grid of Chinese characters with the pronunciation of one of those characters above. The game is very simple. You simply tap on the character with that pronunciation before you run out of time.
If you are correct, that character is removed and a new one slides into that column or row and the game keeps going. Also, two other characters slide out and two new ones slide in, causing the characters to shift locations.
One way to measure how much recognition practice you're getting is to consider the number of characters you are recognizing per minute.
Hands down the highest throughput activity is reading; all you are doing is just recognizing characters as fast as you can go. Reading is probably also the best activity in other respects too. For example, you see the characters in the context of words, and the words in the context of thoughts and situations and behaviors.
Unfortunately, reading is not very fast if the material is too difficult for you. It can also be very demoralizing. Any student who has tried to read a Chinese newspaper before they have mastered a few thousand characters can attest to this.
This is why we created our text adventure games, like Escape and Into the Haze. A student who knows 500-800 characters can read this game text at about 60 characters per minute (based on timing one individual), which includes time to look up unfamiliar words in the built-in dictionary.
In contrast, when reviewing words using one of our most popular activities, Frequency-ordered SRS, students on average only review words at a rate of about 5.8 characters per minute (based on actual student review data). And the Pronunciation Recall is not much better, which has a rate of 5.9 characters per minute.
An important difference between reading and spaced-repetition is that when reading, you're seeing many of the same characters over and over, and you don't get much of an opportunity to practice the rare ones. If we go back to our reading experiment, which was based on Into the Haze, the individual read 360 characters in 6 minutes. Among these there were 147 distinct characters. And thus the reading rate of distinct characters was 25 characters per minute. That's still way above the 6 (mostly distinct) characters you would encounter in either of the two SRS activities.
In this game, given you need to move fast and new characters keep getting added to the mix, you end up recognizing about 24 distinct characters per minute. This is now right up there with reading. So although you don't get reading's many other benefits, you do get to practice arbitrary subsets of characters.
Racing against the clock in this activity will exercise your ability to recognize characters and recall their pronunciation. But if you don't know a character or forgot it, you're stuck.
Not to worry, once the timer has run out, you can check the pronunciations of the characters in the grid, and learn more about the characters you got right or wrong.
Between episodes (when the grid is gray) you can tap the "Show" button to view pronunciations of all of the characters:
Also, the game keeps track of all the characters you answer correctly, and your incorrect answers (including the solution when you run out of time):
Any of those hyperlinks (in the game) can be clicked on to open those characters in the drill down tool. You can also click on any of the squares (between episodes) and open the character that way.
You can then use the many drill down tools that WordSwing offers to help you explore the characters and words formed by these characters. Here are three views of drill down tools you could use to learn about the character 错.
The game is free to play for both guests and WordSwing students. By default, the game lets you practice the 500 most common Chinese characters. But if you're a WordSwing Backer, you can also practice the characters of any subset of your own Word Lists. Once you're a subscriber, you'll see a tool that can be expanded to let you select from which word list you'd like to practice characters:
This mode is particularly useful because it can serve as a stepping stone between identifying words you want to learn and gaining enough facility to easily read text containing those words. This is particularly important once you start trying to learn characters that are less common. If you only count on naturally encountering them in your daily life you may go long periods of time between exposures and they will be hard to learn. But if you've saved a bunch of characters you want to learn in a word list, then you can focus on the lot until you can recognize them easily.
For example, suppose you find our Into the Haze game too challenging. Then you could start with a word list for the game that you've pruned based on your own knowledge of Chinese, use this grid game to improve your recognition of those characters, and then enjoy Into the Haze with a higher level of reading fluency, transforming characters that you merely have the ability to recall into characters you really understand in context.
Naturally, you'll want to pursue many different practice strategies, but if you'd like one of those to allow you to quickly test your character recall in a challenging, fun, and addictive way, perhaps our Character Memory Grid game will be one of your practice strategies.
Learn a language by swinging up to ever higher levels of proficiency by effectively using the language you've learned so far. wordswing.com
How the People in My District Got Stupak to Change His Mind-and Thus Saved the Health Care Bill - writch's wramblings
Well, our full court press on my congressman, Bart Stupak worked! Hundreds of my neighbors here in hisMichigan district spent the weekend organizing thousands of voters to get busy and save the health care bill. We called Stupak's congressional office non-stop and we got thousands of people up here to flood his email box.
And then a rare thing happened: An elected representative did what the people told him to do. It was nothing short of amazing.
Stupak, and his seven "right to life" Democrats who had said they would vote against the bill, reversed themselves after what Stupak said Sunday afternoon was a week of his staff having "really taken a pounding." Hey, all we did here in northern Michigan was let him know that we would be unceremoniously tossing him out of Congress in this August's Democratic primary. One of our group announced she would oppose him in the Dem primary. That seemed toregister with him.
All of this made Stupak look pretty worn down at his press conference yesterday, pleading with people like us to stop calling his house and waking his wife "at two or three in the morning." Hey! That's not us. We never call during Carson Daly!
Obama needed 216 votes in the House last night -- and he barely got them (219 was the final number). Had Stupak not done a 180 in the last 24 hours, the health care bill would have gone down in flames. Thank you, to all of you here in northern Michigan who did what had to be done. You and you alone saved this bill in the final moments.
Stupak stood on the floor of the House last night and, in a surreal moment, spoke against the "Stupak Amendment"! Once he got through his medieval meanderings about where babies come from, he gave one helluva speech.
And, that's when Republican congressman Randy Neugebauer of Texas shouted out: "Baby killer!" Wow. I guess the fertilized egg police felt betrayed by Bart.
Those of us here in Michigan will now decide what to do about our misguided congressman. We're a forgiving lot, but maybe not this time. We shall see.
Bart, I'm glad you discovered you didn't have a uterus. And, like the scarecrow, I'm glad you found a bit of your brain.
A good night it was -- important little steps were taken to bring our country into the civilized world.
Now, we have some real work to do if we really want to say we have universal health care. The sharks who run the insurance companies have every intention of turning this lemon into some very profitable lemonade.
P.S. Someday, the Hyde Amendment is going to have to go. No Democratic president should ever agree to anything that discriminates against women.
We have always planned in the back of our minds to have our daughters share a room once they are both in regular beds. This is the only way we could have a third child, and even if we didn't we could really use the extra space. But this week my husband said "What if we put the girls together NOW and gave you an office?"
What, what, WHAT? Zoe is 1 year old in less than 2 weeks, and will be in a crib for quite awhile still. Plus I JUST got both rooms looking great, so my immediate response was "That's crazy, let's wait...".
But now that the idea is settling in, I am obsessed with it. Of course, I've already stuffed my new office with much more than will actually fit in there, and redecorated it five times in my head.
Right now, my office is behind the couch in the living room. I know the husband is as bothered as I am (or more) by the cramped feeling (and look) of having my office in the living room. But while it isn't as pleasing to the eye, having my office in the living room makes it possible for me to do a little work or create something quickly while the kids are playing. So I've accepted that it's function over form for now. Would I hate having my office in a whole other room, away from the main action of the house? Hmmm...
Maybe I can move the action... I would love to split the new office in half, and have my desk and crafting area on one side, and a play area for the girls on the other. I'm convinced this can work because my sister-in-law has an amazing office/craft room/play room in her house. I mean A-MA-ZING. She has agreed to let me blog about it, so I'll show you sometime.
All of these inspiration images have beautiful built-ins, and since my budget should be zero dollars for this project, we'll probably start with something much more simple... but I'm definitely feeling dreamy about having this space!! And there are some very budget-friendly ideas in there too!
There are the girls to consider though... Both girls sleep pretty well, so I'm not so worried about them sharing a sleep space. Hopefully that would stay the same when they're together... Does anyone else out there have a preschooler and an infant sleeping in the same room? I know it happens all the time, and the kids will adapt, right?
What challenges am I not anticipating from this arrangement?? My head is really spinning with inspiration today!!
Customized spreadsheets can help organize your life or business. Visit Custom Excel Spreadsheets to learn more!
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety – Ben Franklin
Wednesday the 19th of February is National Tug-of-War day, so today we here at Penguin are going to have a look at where in the world tug of wars regularly took place. Originally thought to have been practised in ancient Egypt, Greece and China, the Tug of War sport was first made popular in Great Britain in the 16th century by Lord Elliott Simpson.
According to a book dating back to the Tang Dynasty, tug of war was a training method used by military commanders of the time as an exercise of strength for warriors. The Emperor at the time; Emperor Xuanzong of Tang promoted the use of large scale tug of war games to train warriors, and these games normally used ropes of up to 550 feet long with shorter ropes attached for people to hold onto.
Each side of the ‘war’ had over 500 people on it, on the larger tug of war matches, and each side also had a set of drummers to encourage the participants.
There were three different variations of tug of war in ancient Greece; helkustinda, efelkustinda and dielkustinda. All of these variations come from the word helko which means ‘I draw, I pull’. The first two variations of ancient Greek tug of war seem to be ordinary versions, whereas dielkustinda was tug of war without the rope.
This was done by linking hands with your teammates, and was considered much more difficult as it is harder to sustain grip on hands than on a rope.
Like in the Tang dynasty, all types of tug of war were used by the ancient Greeks as strength building games and also to build up strength in preparation for battle, when they would have to move quickly in heavy armour.
Tug of War was an official part of the Olympic Games from 1900 to 1920, but has not been included since, perhaps because of health and safety reasons as people have been known to had fingers severed and limbs broken as a result of the rope snapping.
The Tug Of War International Federation hosts annual world championships for tug of war, with both indoor and outdoor contests. The 2014 World Championships is being held at Olin-Turville Court in Madison, USA. Why not hire out a car to help get you to the Championships if you are thinking of going?
Originating in the 17th Century, an annual festival held in Naha, Okinawa Japan, holds a giant tug of war contest that correlates with the competition between two ancient rulers in the Naha area. The event attracts over 25,000 attendees each year.
This entry was posted in General Travel and tagged car hire, car hire china, car hire greece, car hire japan, car rental, china, days out, greece, holiday, japan, national, olympic sport, penguin car hire, penguin rental car, sports, tourism, tug of war on February 19, 2014 by Kerri.
An ideal tour to Jaipur essentially includes forts, palaces, museums, and even bazaars of the Pink City that are quite famous among the tourists. However, there are many places in and around Jaipur that are not quite famous but are equally attractive and amazing. Some of these are just a few kilometers away from the city.
While you may find information about all quintessential destinations like Amer Fort, Hawa Mahal, and City Palace, there are several tourist spots that you may not have heard of. Listed here are 4 less explored tourist destinations in and around Jaipur that you must include in your next trip to the Pink City.
Located just 2 kms away from Kota highway, Chandlai Lake is one of the most unexplored areas nearby Jaipur. The place has an amazing scenic beauty with serene waters and the sight of the saffron sky during sunrise and sunset. It can also be visited for bird watching, nature photography, or just for a simple outing. If you have time for a one-day visit, this lake is an ideal location for you to spend quality time with your loved ones.
Located 15 kms away from Jaipur is Kanota Dam flanked by Aravalli Hills under the bright blue skies. It’s a perfect tourist spot for a picnic or romantic date. It is built on river Dhoond and gives soothing vibes far away from the busy roads of the city.
The best time to visit the Kanota Dam is Monsoon when the reservoirs are filled with water and the sound of it flowing at full speed can be easily heard amidst the peaceful environment of the site.
Nahargarh Fort is a popular site among tourists but if you are fond of wildlife sanctuaries then you must check out the Nahargarh Biological Park. Visit this park to catch a glimpse of some of the wildest yet royal animals like tigers and lions. It houses more than 200 species of birds and around 450 species of flora and fauna. The park can be visited between 8:30 am and 5:30 pm but it remains closed on Tuesdays.
Sambhar Lake is the largest saltwater lake in India and yet remains a less explored part of the state. Carrying the shape of a bowl, this lake is located 65 kms away from Jaipur. Surrounded by the scenic beauty of Aravalli Hills, the lake is a treat to the eyes especially when it’s flocked by a large number of flamingos. You can also find Nilgai wandering in the adjoining forest area.
There isn't much more for me to say apart from the second article, which is the lead article in the Guardian features section is going to to get noted down as somewhere to point people at, for it is quite one of the best bits of writing on a science topic I have ever read in the mainstream media. Actually sorry Ben, I shouldn't pigeon-hole it like that, it is a great piece in any context </fanboy>. If anyone wants to learn how special interest groups (as pointed out the techniques the homoeopaths use are also used by big pharma) to make it look like trials and studies back their point of view or indeed learn about how evidence based medicine works they should start here and then look into the references, unfortunately it looks like Sheffield libraries doesn't have the Trisha Greenhalgh book he recommends.
An irregular outpouring of my thoughts and opinions, on topics ranging from politics and UK constitutional reform to food. Probably not suitable for the faint of heart or mind.
January 2018 (3) March 2017 (1) August 2016 (2) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (2) June 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (2) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (4) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (1) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (1) February 2012 (1) December 2011 (2) October 2011 (3) August 2011 (1) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (30) February 2011 (30) January 2011 (36) December 2010 (32) November 2010 (26) October 2010 (25) September 2010 (28) August 2010 (12) July 2010 (30) June 2010 (25) May 2010 (32) April 2010 (26) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (3) January 2010 (1) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (6) September 2009 (4) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (5) May 2009 (1) March 2009 (5) February 2009 (15) January 2009 (6) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (6) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (7) August 2008 (4) July 2008 (17) June 2008 (20) May 2008 (15) April 2008 (13) March 2008 (18) February 2008 (29) January 2008 (22) December 2007 (5) November 2007 (24) October 2007 (25) September 2007 (7) August 2007 (8) July 2007 (11) June 2007 (4) May 2007 (7)
ICANN requires that the domain registrant's contact information or changes to the registrant's WHOIS information be verified within 15 calendar days. If the data is not verified in this timeframe, ICANN mandates that the website be suspended pending the verification.
The suspension of the domain will be removed after the WHOIS information is successfully verified. Please update the WHOIS information with complete and accurate contact details through your domain service provider. Once updated you will recieve a new verification email.
ICANN is responsible for the coordination of the global Internet's systems of unique identifiers and, in particular, ensuring its' stable and secure operation. ICANN maintains policies and specifications for registrars and registrants to abide by.
WHOIS services provide public access to data on registered domain name holders. Registered Name Holders are required to provide accurate and reliable contact details to their Registrar to update WHOIS data for a Registered Name.
Quality has become an important strategic tool in the modern world as it ensures the viability of a business. Some prominent definitions include ‘conformance to requirements’ (Crosby, 1984), ‘fitness for use’ (Juran,1988) or ‘one that satisfies the customer’ (Eiglier and Langeard, 1976). Though initial efforts have been made to define quality in various forms, the present meaning of quality is meeting or exceeding customers’ expectations. Service Quality definition came into light when Parasuraman, Zeithaml and Berry (1985) emphasized that quality of manufacturing industry is largely different from services industry due to its inherent characteristics of intangibility, heterogeneity, perishability and inseparability. They stressed that services vary in their degree of intangibility with respect to lack of physical attributes of the actual service (outcome) and the lack of physical evidence of the process. Higher education is increasingly being recognised as a service industry. Therefore, this sector is emphasizing more on meeting the expectations and needs of its participating customers, that is, the students. Accordingly, Higher Education Institution's (HEI’s) therefore, try to assign more time and resources to enhance the quality of their pedagogical skills backed with industry exposure wherever necessary and practice to make them more interesting and application oriented, as perceived by the students. Management, as a stream of Higher Education and training has also acquired new dimensions in the last few decades. Since time immemorial, Indians are known to possess people, trained & well equipped with knowledge & intellect to tackle the problems which they face in the business world. Since B-schools are also a part of this service process, Indian B-schools are also likely to deliver the optimum in terms of quality. Moreover, globalization & liberalization has widened the scope and has encouraged entrepreneurs to venture into this industry to consolidate more in terms of business prospects rather than a social responsibility. It is in this context that the question of service quality comes into mind as education is primarily perceived by the stakeholders as a service sector. The challenges of operations and maintenance of quality has brought the B-Schools to a competitive level to showcase their ability in developing centres of excellence. But of late, Management Education is at the crossroads in terms of occupancy level as the number of seats on offer has increased significantly and several institutes at different tiers of B-Schools in India have not been able to train their students meet the requirements of corporate world. This is because, most of these Institutes are not focusing on Quality and excellence to identify a niche area which will differentiate them in terms of performance of their students at various corporate houses. A rigorous planning and strategic effort with an innovative curriculum from the educational institutes is the order of the day to create a brand in imparting quality education which may successfully help the industry in overcoming this problem.
Parasuraman A, Zeithaml V A and Berry LL (1985). “A Conceptual Model of Service Quality and Its Implications for Future Research,” Journal of Marketing, 49(Fall), pp 41-50
Join the BFEC’s newest employee, Maddie Morgan, to hike the Fern Trail, one of the highlights of our trail system south of 229. Maddie will talk about the...
How we built our own Earthship, a radically sustainable, off-grid home on the prairie - Calgary is Green
When you tell people you’re building an Earthship there are two stock responses. First there are the believers. These are the people who’ve watched Garbage Warrior, twice. They want to talk design and permits and timeline. They’re into it. The other stock response is an incredulous repeating of the word back to you with a question mark attached. Earthship?
Yes, Earthship. And here’s the story of how my family built an Earthship in southern Alberta this summer.
We didn’t rush in. After first reading about Earthships in The Geography of Hope by Chris Turner I passed the book along to my dad Glen. He was intrigued so we volunteered on a build near Wheatland, Wyoming. It was invaluable seeing one built first hand and meeting other volunteers and the crew. My dad even volunteered on another build in Hundred Mile House in central B.C. the next year.
A couple years later after everything was in place my parents went down to Taos, New Mexico to check out finished Earthships first hand. Suitably convinced they came back with plans for a three bedroom, two bathroom Global Model with a couple of modifications.
Michael Reynolds is the father of the Earthship movement. A draft dodger from Ohio he ended up in Taos, New Mexico – a neo-hippy outpost on the high desert plain that’s ringed by mountains.
An architect by training and rabble-rouser by nature he was dissatisfied with standard home design and started building radically sustainable houses out on the mesa using garbage. Before recycling was a thing he was using bottles, cans and tires alongside natural and conventional building materials.
Building off-grid, self-sufficient homes out of garbage did not, at first, appeal to the Glen Kinney’s of the world. My dad has worked in oil and gas for 35 years. But for the past 20 years Reynolds has been perfecting the Earthship. And while it might sound a little wacky it has four walls, a roof, flush toilets and satellite TV just like any other North American home.
An Earthship is a long skinny bungalow with an earth berm enveloping the back and sides with a greenhouse on the front. The back and side retaining walls are made of tires sledgehammered full of dirt. These tires become a 200-pound steel belt encased brick. Non-load bearing interior walls are made of aluminum cans sandwiched into a honeycomb matrix of concrete. But it’s not just the recycled materials that make it an Earthship it’s the whole package.
It generates electricity on-site with solar panels and batteries. Drinking water is caught by the metal roof and collected in four cisterns capable of storing 5,800 gallons of water. That water is treated and filtered down to five microns to make it ready to drink. Greywater from the showers and bathroom sinks is used to water a planter in the greenhouse that is already producing a bumper crop of tomatoes. That greywater is pumped back into the house and used to flush the toilets. Simple earth tubes and ceiling vents in the greenhouse keep the house cool in the summer. Passive solar design, thermal mass, lots of insulation and southern Alberta’s glorious bounty of sunlight keep the house warm in the winter.
While we plan on installing a wood stove, Earthships maintain a consistent livable temperature through the winter by maximizing passive solar gain and incorporating a tremendous amount of thermal mass into the building.
We hired the Earthship crew and Michael Reynolds himself, from New Mexico to come build the house. With them came another 30-35 volunteers who camped on-site. It was an amazing experience. Eight hundred tires were pounded and stacked by the end of the fourth day. Pounding tires isn’t the easiest job, but it sure is easier with a giant crew.
Around 12,000 cans were used throughout the build for interior walls, for the bond beam that sits on top of the tires and to help fill in and pack out the tires to get them to a level surface.
In five weeks we had almost an entire house. The roof was on, the walls constructed, and the systems worked. Now we’re down to the detail work, the sanding, staining and painting. They expect to move in by November 2014.
Media interest was through the roof. The CBC, CTV, Radio-Canada, the Calgary Herald, the Lethbridge Herald all did stories. Roughly 600 people packed themselves onto our property for an open house asking questions and gawking at the systems.
What began as a radical alternative in the New Mexico desert 30 years ago has evolved into an inspiring and surprisingly simple home. And the lessons learned from Earthships can be seen today in increasingly popular net-zero homes.
People want greener, cleaner, more energy efficient housing and they’re educating themselves about it. And whether you end up redoing the insulation on your existing home or building an Earthship, it all counts. I’m excited to be back for our third season of Green Energy Futures and we hope that these stories will help you build a better future.
Michael Reynolds began building homes out of recycled materials in the 1970s. His journey from rebel environmental architect to noted architect and builder of code certified homes is celebrated in the film Garbage Warrior.
He now operates Earthship Biotecture a company that trains interns and volunteers and builds Earthships all over the world.
The Kinney Earthship was built in 5 weeks by Michael Reynolds and his crew from Earthship Biotecture and 30 – 35 volunteers.
We had 30-35 volunteers helping us build our Earthship and their help was invaluable. The majority of the volunteers came through the Earthship Academy. It’s a course run at the headquarters of Earthship Biotecture in Taos, New Mexico. It’s a six-week class that trains students in Earthship design principles, construction methods and philosophy.
In order to complete your certificate you’re supposed to help out on a build like ours. A lot of people want to learn about how to build these homes either for themselves, as a trade or just because it’s a fun way to spend a summer. My father and I helped out on a build in Wyoming before we built ours and my dad liked it so much helped out on another build the following year.
It also means that on most builds, Earthship Biotecture has a ready-to-go pool of labour that knows their way around an Earthship.
“We have students all over the world, so if we’re going to go to Germany 50 people from Europe will come and help us. If we go South America 50 people from South America who have been in our academy will help us. So we have sort of an army that’s based all over the world and a few core crews that lead them,” says Michael Reynolds.
If you want to see a visualization of what an Earthship like ours look like piece by piece as its put together this Sketchup timelapse lays it all out.
Junk Removal Spring Cleaning? Let us haul away your junk. Call for a bin today.Home Renovators Looking for cost-effective waste removal? Try our roll-off bins.
We received a job request to clean windows and gutters and to remove vines. Being that it was a two-story house, the job required the use of our 16/24/32 ft. ladders as we started from the back all the way to the front. Speaking of the ladders, while we have both power and energy to carry them around we need to be careful because they are heavy! We are very gentle when it comes to moving the ladders, so homeowners do not need to worry about getting their houses damaged.
The homeowner was home the whole time, but it doesn’t mean you will need to be present while we work. In fact, some of our clients are not even home while we clean their home. Our business is based on trust and confidence, and we have built a reputation for being honest, diligent, and hard-working. It is our goal to maintain the fine reputation.
“We like the feeling of being able to provide our customers a top notch window cleaning service wherever we go.” -Richard Picard
We have been cleaning Calgary windows and gutters since 2004. We are a team of professionals known for honesty, integrity, and professional workmanship. Give us a call or email us and we will be in touch shortly!
ATTENTION NON MEMBERS- You can only see a small section of this board because you are not a registered member. Please register, login and join us. Thank you
If you use information and data from this site, please give attribution to Mark Cullen and this website.
CONTACT US with questions, comments and corrections. Copyright © Mark L. Cullen 2009-2018. All rights reserved.
From couch potato to ultra marathon runner, this is my journey to push my physical limits and age with grace.
This year July 4th weekend fell on a Friday. While all my running friends, and probably every runner in the state of Georgia, were preparing to run the Peachtree Road Race, I saw a three day opportunity to get some back to back running and hiking miles. I figured for the first time in ages I would push past the areas I have ran on the Appalachian Trail before, instead focusing on moving north. Additionally I figured this would be another good opportunity to run and hike with a minimal pack weight, this time for a day or two longer than last trip. I loaded up my running/hiking ultralight kit, packed two full days of food and enough extra food for Thursday night and Sunday afternoon and headed out. In the end I managed to keep the days food allotment to around 2.5 pounds per day at roughly 3000 calories with a good balance of protein and carbohydrates. As I left my house Thursday night my pack weighed just a tad bit over eleven pounds.
I planned to finish work on Thursday and then hop in the car and get the wife to drop me off at Dicks Creek Gap, about seventy miles from the start of the Appalachian trail. From there I would head south three miles to a shelter where I would hike north the following day. My original plan involved a fifteen mile day followed by a twenty one mile day, but as I got out of the car I realized I was not fully over my cold that knocked me out for days previous, I hovered close to eighty percent ok. I decided to ease my mileage a bit and head north for four miles or so to the first shelter available. This would ease six miles off my next days schedule. I grabbed my pack and kissed the wife goodbye and head down the trail. It was eight p.m. and the sun would not set for another hour, but the woods and thick coverage, as well as surrounding mountains, ushered in the darkness sooner than later. I slowly ran the trails with my head lamp and tried to keep my footing solid. At one point as I neared the shelter my ankle rolled a bit too much, leading to a very slight sprain. This injury would plague me later in my trip. I eventually got to the shelter at ten, after five miles in the dark, and luckily nobody was there to wake up. I situated myself and eased into bed. That night I realized that unlike past Julys, the nights were going to be bitterly cold and I did not bring warm enough clothing.
After a freezing fitful night of sleep I awoke early and headed out. As I had modified the miles I planned on doing for the day, I decided a good end goal would be Standing Indian Shelter, a total of 12 trail miles for the day. I ran and hiked and just focused on enjoying the day. Eventually I came to the Georgia/North Carolina border, my first on foot border crossing on the Appalachian Trail! As I headed into Bly Gap I got to talking to some other hikers and they told me they planned to go past Standing Indian shelter and up a side trail to the summit to watch fireworks and sleep under the stars. I said I would see how I felt when I got to the shelter and after a bit of chatting I moved on. Immediately North Carolina forced a good long climb up the ridge line. Of course the good thing with North Carolina ridge line was the fact that once it went up, it did not go down a whole lot. Unlike Georgia, I did not have drastic up and downs. The rest of the day I just ran and hiked, hiking more as the ankle I rolled slightly the night before flared up.
When I got the shelter I decided to climb up to the 5400 foot summit of Standing Indian Mountain and join my new trail friends, Speedo, Grun and Eamon (most people use trail names) who were heading to Fontana damn. The view did not dissapoint and we watched the sunset and feasted on dinner. After the sun went down we watched the myriad fireworks visible in the numerous towns below. It was a very different way to watch fireworks, from high up looking down. After the festivities were over, those of us who decided to brave the cold rolled into our out in the open sleeping bags and talked as we watched the stars over head. The moon was initially out and blocked some of the view, but it was still spectacular. A couple hours later, I awoke to use the restroom. When I returned the moon was gone and the sky was sparkling with billions of start above. I lied there and watched the show for a while and could not help reflecting on how awesome this day turned out and how climbing the extra 1.5 miles plus up to this mountain top was worth the experience. Til next time.
Running, Uncategorized, Vacation, Weekly Update appalachian trail, Fastpacking, fitness, healthy-living, Hiking, jogging, Journey, lifestyle, motivation, Standing Indian Mountain, Trail running, Work Out
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) September 2018 (1) September 2016 (1) June 2016 (3) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (3) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (3) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (6) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (7) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (6) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (7) January 2014 (9) December 2013 (8) November 2013 (11) January 2013 (21) December 2012 (23) November 2012 (36) October 2012 (47) September 2012 (20) August 2012 (27) July 2012 (4)
All of your athletes, parents and coaching staff chatting together in one free app. Sound too good to be true? See for yourself.
See all the latest scores & stats from your favorite teams! Simply sign in or create your free MaxPreps account to unlock this page - it only takes a minute to join.
The Patterson Mill (Bel Air, MD) varsity basketball team lost Tuesday's home conference game against Fallston (MD) by a score of 53-46.
Fans at Tuesday's league challenge between the Fallston Cougars (Fallston, MD) and the host Patterson Mill (Bel Air, MD), saw Fallston's basketball squad hold off Patterson Mill by a tally of 53-46.
With the victory, Fallston improves its record to 7-6 on the campaign. The Cougars travel to Joppatowne (Joppa, MD) to encounter the Mariners in a Upper Chesapeake Bay - Chesapeake test on Friday, January 26. The Mariners go into the test with a record of 7-5.
The now own a 6-3 record. They play next when they host C. Milton Wright for a Upper Chesapeake Bay - Chesapeake test on Friday, January 26. Patterson Mill will encounter a Mustangs squad coming off a 82-44 non-league loss to John Carroll (Bel Air, MD). The Mustangs record now stands at 10-3.
The Fallston (MD) varsity basketball team lost Thursday's away tournament game against Patterson Mill (Bel Air, MD) by a score of 82-60.
The Fallston (MD) varsity basketball team won Tuesday's away conference game against Patterson Mill (Bel Air, MD) by a score of 53-46.
The Patterson Mill (Bel Air, MD) varsity basketball team won Thursday's away conference game against Fallston (MD) by a score of 56-51.
"); // element.html(html.join("")); $(item).append(element); } // don't show count on mobile anymore //element.find(".count").html(count); }, this); }, update: function () { clearTimeout(this.contestTimeout); if (this.options.contestUrl == null || this.contestAjax) { return; } if (this.updatesPaused) { this.contestTimeout = window.setTimeout(this.bindedUpdate, 5000); return; } $(document).trigger("mp:before_live_score_update", null, false); if (!this.bindedOnUpdateSuccess) { this.bindedOnUpdateSuccess = this.updateSuccess.bind(this); this.bindedOnUpdateFailure = this.updateFailure.bind(this); this.bindedOnUpdateComplete = this.updateComplete.bind(this); } var parameters = {}; // dtermine if this member is a pbp scorer or backup if (this.isPlayByPlayScorerOrBackup()) { parameters = $.extend(parameters, { nca: "1" }); } // THE CALL TO THIS FUNCTION WILL BE DIFFERENT FOR MOBILE AND DESKTOP // WE NEED TO REWRITE THIS A BIT TO BE SMART ENOUGH TO KNOW IF IT IS // RETURNING FOR MOBILE OR DESKTOP. this.contestAjax = $.ajax(this.options.contestUrl, { data: parameters }) .done(this.bindedOnUpdateSuccess) .fail(this.bindedOnUpdateFailure) .always(this.bindedOnUpdateComplete); }, updateSuccess: function (data) { var liveScoreComponentsNames = ["contest-status", "in-game-contribute-bar", "in-game-contest-log", "pbp-contest-log", "matchup-scoring-callout", "pbp-promo", "box-score", "in-game-filters", "page-header", "pbp-filters"]; this.pbpScorers = data.scorers; if (data.awayScore || data.homeScore) { var standingsElements = $(".contest-details .team-details__standings-or-score"); standingsElements.eq(0).html(data.awayScore); standingsElements.eq(1).html(data.homeScore); } for (var i in data.html) { if (!data.html.hasOwnProperty(i) || !i.toLowerCase().indexOf("html")) { continue; } var element = $("
The North Judson-San Pierre (North Judson, IN) varsity volleyball team won Saturday's neutral playoff match against Boone Grove (Valparaiso, IN) by a score of 3-0.
This match is a part of the "2018-19 IHSAA Class 2A Volleyball State Tournament - S34 | Rensselaer Central".
In Saturday's non-league battle, the visiting North Judson-San Pierre Bluejays volleyball team scored a 3-0 triumph over the Boone Grove Wolves.
The Bluejays (23-7) will now prepare for their battle against Andrean (Merrillville, IN). The Fighting 59ers come into the non-league battle with a 22-12 record. In their last battle, Andrean achieved victory over Hammond Bishop Noll (Hammond, IN), 3-2, in a non-league battle.
8/20/18 Boone Grove Rensselaer Central (W) 3-0 9/18/18 Rensselaer Central North Judson-San Pierre (W) 3-0
Welcome to the Gateway Tech JV soccer team wall. The most current information will appear at the top of the wall dating back to prior seasons. Utilize the left navigation tools to find past seasons, game schedules, rosters and more. Best of luck this fall!
MaxPreps.com is proud to announce its latest innovation, one that will take every piece of an athlete's high school career and put it in one place. Read Article Get Notified
The San Marcos HomeSchool varsity basketball team has an away non-conference game @ Gateway College Preparatory (Georgetown, TX) on Friday, November 16 @ 7:30p.
MaxPreps highlights over 70 big time high school hoops events with national appeal. Read Article Get Notified
California, Texas, Georgia, Florida and Pennsylvania dominate list of high school's best hoops squads. Read Article Get Notified
Find out what the pros are wearing before the high school hoops season gets underway. Read Article Get Notified
Door has been opened for elite prospects to pursue alternative route to college basketball. Read Article Get Notified
NCAA’s Board of Governors and Division I Board of Directors implementing major changes. Read Article Get Notified
High-flying California guard owns unique combination of humility, brashness and inner drive. Read Article Get Notified
Welcome to the San Marcos HomeSchool basketball team wall. The most current information will appear at the top of the wall dating back to prior seasons. Utilize the left navigation tools to find past seasons, game schedules, rosters and more. Best of luck this winter!
Golden State goes for third NBA title in four years Friday night against Cleveland. Read Article Get Notified
Versatile rising senior was key for Denton Guyer squad that went 38-2 in 2017-18. Read Article Get Notified
More than the spectacular, MaxPreps presents the most intriguing plays that fans just had to watch. Read Article Get Notified
More of the same at Montverde Academy or will a new program rise to the top next season? Read Article Get Notified
Head coach John Calipari and the Wildcats land fourth elite prospect since early March. Read Article Get Notified
Kentucky guard Zion Harmon lives up to the hype in rookie campaign at Adair County. Read Article Get Notified
Zion Williamson and Mac McClung supply two of the top five dunks of a spectacular winter. Read Article Get Notified
The shots and timing are amazing, but the reactions are what is truly entertaining. Read Article Get Notified
Индивидуальный тур (только для вас и ваших друзей, по любым дням, по согласованному с вами маршруту)
They looked approximative the locate anywhere bylines snuff it headed for die. It is loiter again and again on us towards continue without rearwards in the direction of the elderly fashioned way; happening which we bought legitimate take advantage of to tastes equal milk; denial infuse then everywhere our outgrowth also vegetables were full-grown dressed in our handsome country.
Whatever the legal action, produce pokies are a universally played moreover a rigorous nature of pokie device trendy Australia. versions designed for registered clients only.
Zoom: 4°- 50° (design lamp mode), white spot within 5 meters 4.5 meters in diameter, prism light 2.3 meters in diameter, prism superposition flare 3.5 meters in diameter;
linear dimming: linear dimming O – 100%, variable speed frequency flashing; Electronic focus, auto focus
Dynamic spot : rotating pattern disc with 6 rotating glass images+ white light, which can be customized for customers’requirements of LOGO, variable speed jitter/two-way flow effect, pattern indexing function and precise fine tuning of 16B it,
prism: two independent rotating prisms, with an 8 prism + linear hexapprisms and can be superimposed, and all prisms can achieve linear non-polar magnification.
Frost: 1 independent atomization effect, light spot soft nature;When the light is closed, the power is automatically reduced and energy conservation and environmental protection; Intelligent speed adjustment of blower;
To be informed about campaigns and innovations, you can sign up for our newsletter or follow us on our social media accounts.
Office 365 offers invoicing software to make billing for small businesses easy. Sync with QuickBooks, connect your PayPal account, send reminders, and more. Click the link below to learn more about how Microsoft Invoicing can save you time -- spend less with paperwork and more with customers. Links: Microsoft Invoicing: http://msft.social/iMevPM Office Business Center: http://msft.social/DTuGaH
Microsoft Office 365 from O2 Business is the perfect tool for small business. O2 Business offers different plans depending on the size of your business and your needs, including Office 365 Business Essentials, Office 365 Business and Office 365 Business Premium. All three give you access to the Microsoft applications you know and love, including Word, Excel and Powerpoint.
https://www.integral-it.co.uk/ Have you considered moving your business to the Office 365 cloud platform? In this video, Jonathan Edwards discussing the three main business versions - Essentials, Business and Business Premium and which one is right for your business. Integral IT is a company in Yorkshire, UK that has been providing IT support and Cloud Service to small and large businesses for over 10 years. We work with a wide variety of small businesses in every corner of the UK. ► Website: https://www.integral-it.co.uk/ ► Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Integralpart2/ ► Twitter: https://twitter.com/IT_Integral ► Google+: https://plus.google.com/+IntegralitUkITServices/videos
Microsoft's Office 365 is becoming very popular with businesses because it offers cloud-hosted, fully-managed technology solutions at a very competitive price. In this course we're going to look at lots of ways businesses can benefit from Office 365, through email, collaboration, communication, document sharing, and more. Specifically we'll look at: -Microsoft Exchange (Business-class Email, Calendars, & More) -Skydrive Pro & Sharepoint for document sharing & Collaboration -Microsoft Lync for communication -Using Microsoft Office online, on your PC or Mac, and on your mobile device Find more at http://getbiggerbrains.com
Set up email at your domain using Microsoft office 365. Having an email address with your domain name is a great way to make your online presence seem more professional. In this video I'll show you how to set up your email. Sign up for Office 365: https://products.office.com/en-us/business/compare-office-365-for-business-plans Hosting Company talked about in this video also a sponsored link used to support this channel: Site Ground: https://www.siteground.com/index.htm?afcode=e2f49e62aeffaf49cce9fc71a680748a&campaign=RWHYT Video on how to set up SiteGround: Playlist of other ways to setup email at your domain: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLixt17_AZiCDcApQdIHHDkxfPruUkSUZM For more hints on how to build a website visit me at https://www.realwebsitehints.com
http://www.quepublishing.com/store/office-365-business-essentials-que-video-downloadable-9780789753786?WT.mc_id=Social_YT Customizing Office 365 Business Essentials is an excerpt from Office 365 Business Essentials-- The complete hands-on video guide to making the most of Microsoft Office 365 in your small business! Master Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.com, OneNote, OneDrive, Skype, and more! Description These easy video tutorials will teach you how to get maximum value from Office 365 Small Business and Small Business Premium in your small business! Using realistic small business examples, top Office expert Katherine Murray guides you hands-on through Office 365's apps, online conferencing, email, web tools, and more. Her Office 365 Business Essentials (Que Video) walks you step-by-step through planning for success, accessing your account, setting up users, creating team workspaces, and connecting via Outlook.com messaging and Skype online conferencing. Murray shows how to create and collaborate on effective Word documents, Excel worksheets, and PowerPoint presentations. Watch and discover how to take full advantage of OneDrive cloud storage, create public websites with Office 365, and even run Office 365 on mobile devices. Throughout, Murray shares powerful insider tips drawn from 25+ years of experience teaching and writing about Office. Focusing specifically on your needs in your small business, she'll help you make the most of the Office subscription you're paying for! About the Instructor Katherine Murray has been writing about technology for 25 years, and specializes in Microsoft products, especially Windows and Office, including Office 365 since its earliest betas. She has written extensively about web products, and wrote a tutorial on SkyDrive (OneDrive's predecessor product) for Microsoft. Her recent books include My Windows 8.1, Microsoft Office Professional 2013 Plain and Simple, and Microsoft Word 2010 Inside Out. Skill Level All Levels What You Will Learn How to plan to get the most value from Office 365 in your small business How to access your account, set up your users, and build a custom team workspace How to cost-effectively connect teams and clients with Outlook.com and Skype How to create and share documents with the Office 365 versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote How to store and share content with OneDrive How to build and publish websites with Office 365 Publisher How to use the mobile versions of Office 365 apps Who Should Take This Course Any small business owner or user who wants to make the most of their paid subscription to Microsoft Office 365 Small Business or Office 365 Small Business Premium. The subscription models covered in these videos are designed for small businesses up to 25 users, so these video tutorials focus on presenting examples directly relevant to these audiences. Course Requirements No experience required (basic familiarity with Windows and web browsers helpful) http://www.quepublishing.com/store/office-365-business-essentials-que-video-downloadable-9780789753786?WT.mc_id=Social_YT
Australian Tourist Park Management manage 29 Tourist Parks in 5 states. See how we used Office 365 and Windows InTune to consolidate and simplify their IT to meet their requirements.
Explore the benefits of how Microsoft SharePoint Office 365 can benefit your business. Apex are based in Salford Quays, Manchester and here we look at how the SharePoint Office 365 solution has been rolled out to one of our long-standing customers 6 Group. 6 Group is one of the world’s most innovative Executive Search & Leadership Advisory firms operating across EMEAI, Asia Pacific and the Americas. They are based is Altrincham, Manchester. Here they talk about the improvements the new solution has provided and how this has resulted in an 80% monthly cost reduction in IT Support bills from Apex Computing Services. Previously, the helpdesk at Apex would be receiving daily calls from 6 Group with IT Support requests, now this is greatly reduced. This is because after the Microsoft SharePoint Office 365 implementation, it has provided them with an operationally efficient IT infrastructure. Apex Computing Services is full service IT Support Company offering everything from, Outsource IT Service Helpdesk Support, Backup Solutions, Cloud Computing, Equipment and Software Supply, Compliance Guidance and GDPR Support, Cyber Security Services, Cyber Essentials Accreditations, Penetration Testing, Data Encryption, Wireless Systems, Remote Working, Office 365 Support, Secure Messaging Services, Network Cabling, Computer and Server Repair, Licensing advice, Internet and Connectivity Solutions, Printing Solutions, Asset Management Solutions, VOIP and Telephony Services and more!
http://www.quepublishing.com/store/office-365-business-essentials-que-video-downloadable-9780789753786?WT.mc_id=Social_YT Introduction to Office 365 Business Essentials is an excerpt from Office 365 Business Essentials-- The complete hands-on video guide to making the most of Microsoft Office 365 in your small business! Master Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.com, OneNote, OneDrive, Skype, and more! Description These easy video tutorials will teach you how to get maximum value from Office 365 Small Business and Small Business Premium in your small business! Using realistic small business examples, top Office expert Katherine Murray guides you hands-on through Office 365's apps, online conferencing, email, web tools, and more. Her Office 365 Business Essentials (Que Video) walks you step-by-step through planning for success, accessing your account, setting up users, creating team workspaces, and connecting via Outlook.com messaging and Skype online conferencing. Murray shows how to create and collaborate on effective Word documents, Excel worksheets, and PowerPoint presentations. Watch and discover how to take full advantage of OneDrive cloud storage, create public websites with Office 365, and even run Office 365 on mobile devices. Throughout, Murray shares powerful insider tips drawn from 25+ years of experience teaching and writing about Office. Focusing specifically on your needs in your small business, she'll help you make the most of the Office subscription you're paying for! About the Instructor Katherine Murray has been writing about technology for 25 years, and specializes in Microsoft products, especially Windows and Office, including Office 365 since its earliest betas. She has written extensively about web products, and wrote a tutorial on SkyDrive (OneDrive's predecessor product) for Microsoft. Her recent books include My Windows 8.1, Microsoft Office Professional 2013 Plain and Simple, and Microsoft Word 2010 Inside Out. Skill Level All Levels What You Will Learn How to plan to get the most value from Office 365 in your small business How to access your account, set up your users, and build a custom team workspace How to cost-effectively connect teams and clients with Outlook.com and Skype How to create and share documents with the Office 365 versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote How to store and share content with OneDrive How to build and publish websites with Office 365 Publisher How to use the mobile versions of Office 365 apps Who Should Take This Course Any small business owner or user who wants to make the most of their paid subscription to Microsoft Office 365 Small Business or Office 365 Small Business Premium. The subscription models covered in these videos are designed for small businesses up to 25 users, so these video tutorials focus on presenting examples directly relevant to these audiences. Course Requirements No experience required (basic familiarity with Windows and web browsers helpful) http://www.quepublishing.com/store/office-365-business-essentials-que-video-downloadable-9780789753786?WT.mc_id=Social_YT
Jim Naroski covers recent enhancements to Office 365, Microsoft's cloud-based productivity solution for the modern workplace. The course transcript, complete with all links mentioned, is available at https://aka.ms/o365update-blog. This month's topics: PowerPoint [0:18] Access [1:38] Teams [3:32] Power BI [5:55] Flow [7:31] Sharepoint [8:22] Security [9:41]
One of the best features of Office 365 is the 5 Office Professional Plus licenses that users can install on up to 5 PCs or Macs. This video shows you how to Install Office 2013 Professional Plus via Office 365. Ozbizweb Group are Microsoft Partners based on the Gold Coast of Australia. We specialise in cloud services for small to medium businesses
This webinar will provide an introduction to Dynamics 365 Business Central and suggest ways on how small and mid-sized businesses can best benefit from using the system. Visit our website for more information: https://www.websan.com
It’s always important to look at the big picture. I do so focusing on the various data series for world trade. The latest data show that the global boom has turned into a soft patch. Evidence of an imminent double dip in the world economy is scarce and flimsy. Let’s have a closer look at the big picture, which we update regularly in our World Trade chart book.
(1) The volume of world trade has stalled. The Netherlands Bureau of Economic Policy compiles a monthly index on the volume of world trade. It rebounded smartly from the recession of late 2008 and early 2009 to a new high in March of this year. Since then, it’s been stuck between 165 and 170. It is highly correlated with the OECD’s index of global production (i.e., for the 30 OECD countries plus the six largest emerging ones). The production index has also stalled this year, but managed to edge up to a new record high during July. (See Figure 6.)
(2) In current dollars, the value of world exports has also stalled. This series is compiled by the IMF, and has been hovering around $18 trillion, at an annual rate, from March through July. Not surprisingly, it tends to be highly correlated with the CRB raw industrials spot price index, which is down 15.5% since its record high on April 12. That’s one of the few signs that the soft patch is getting softer. However, the CRB index still exceeds its previous cyclical (and record) high of early 2008 (Figure 9).
(3) The exports of the G7 countries rose to a new cyclical high during August. The total was $6.08 trillion (saar). There were strong surges to new cyclical highs in Germany, France, the UK, and Japan (record high). On the other hand, American and Italian exports flattened during the month, Canada edged down during the month (Figures 11-13). Over the past 12 months, the G7 countries accounted for only one-third of the value of world trade, down from 50% in 1996 (Figure 8).
(4) Exports have stalled near record highs in many emerging economies. Actually, exports in some countries are starting to look a bit toppy, especially in India, Malaysia, South Korea, Taiwan, Brazil, Russia, and the Ukraine. Still making new record highs are Singapore, Argentina, and Columbia.
(5) China’s export engine seems to be sputtering just a bit in the EU and the US. I’ve saved the most interesting trade story for last. China’s exports have flattened around $1.8 trillion (saar) for the past year. Not surprisingly, the weakness is in exports to the EU and the US. You can see this in Figures 13-16 of our China chart book. Today’s charts show the y/y growth rates of Chinese exports to the EU and the US. In September, the former was up 10.4%, while the latter was up 12.3%. Both growth rates are relatively low and remain in their downtrends of the past two years. Both are highly correlated with their respective manufacturing purchasing managers indexes (M-PMIs), which have been heading down most of this year.
I’ll make a confession that may shock you, and perhaps even make you question my credibility, too. Up until recently I had never played online bingo. I know, it’s difficult to believe, but I focused instead on games like roulette and poker. Bingo, you see, had just never grabbed my interest. Not in the least because it was a game I frankly did not give any credit, and branded as not being a “real casino game.” Or at least, not a casino game that deserved much attention.
Bingo has always been one of those casino games that I considered to be of zero intellectual value, simply because it was 100% luck based. And can you blame me? Technically, there is literally nothing a person playing bingo can do to change the results. You pay money, are given a card with a few numbers on, and then simply sit back and cross your fingers, hoping that the numbers on your card come up before the numbers on someone else’s card. That is not, frankly, what you would call a game that requires much in the way of actual effort.
But, in the spirit of being a person that tries every casino game at least once, just for the sake of being thorough, I decided to play a bit of online bingo.
The first thing I noticed, upon trying out online bingo for the first time, was that there sure are a hell of a lot of online places that offer the game. I had been under the impression that bingo was more of a niche game, and that I was going to struggle to find any online bingo games that had many players. But, upon looking around, I realized that there were dozens of online bingo websites, and many were doing steady business. It was my first surprise
Upon finally deciding on a website that I felt deserved my money, I signed up, bought a few bingo tickets and got busy listening to numbers get called out via an automated voice. Simultaneously, I checked my emails on my phone and played a bit of Angry Birds. First impressions were not good – the game was as dull as I had imagined.
But then something interesting happened. It was during about my fourth game of bingo, yawning and half watching a late night rerun on TV, that I noticed a rather vigorous text conversation happening at the bottom of my screen. A group of the other players were in a heated debate as to the name of the actor in an old 80s sitcom. Curious, I followed the conversation and, knowing the name of the actor they were talking about, decided to fill them in.
Before I knew it I had been dragged into the conversation, with some of the players insisting I was wrong, while some others insisted I was right. When the actual bingo game had finished, the conversation had not, and I bought another bingo card just to remain part of the conversation.
Two hours later I was on a first name basis with half of the other players, and an elderly lady named Greta was giving me advice on how to find a girlfriend. She explained that I didn’t value myself enough, and should place a higher price on my company. She also promised to send me a tart (the cake kind!) if I gave her my postal address.
I had heard before that bingo was the most social casino game available, but had honestly never really registered what that meant. I found that roughly 80% of the players in online bingo halls were not there to play bingo – they were there to chit chat, make small talk with strangers and catch up with old friends. Online bingo halls are used as a common ground to be social, and it’s frankly a rather wonderful thing.
I recall being in chat rooms when I was younger, and spending a great deal of time trying to spark up conversation with strangers. I also recall how quickly they fell out of popularity, being replaced by online forums and communities.
Bingo, however, is a modern form of chat rooms I had never known existed. I can honestly say that I now return to the bingo rooms occasionally, just to make a bit of small talk with some of the people I’ve become friends with. Most of them are indeed a great many years older than myself, but are also a great deal of fun to talk to. I also discovered that while I was chatting, the wonderful autodab feature dealt with my cards for me, and I was winning quite a bit with no effort. I also have to admit that when I did actually focus on the cards there was a frisson of excitement when I waited to see if my card would win. I get it now. I admit, I was wrong about bingo (and I don’t often admit I was wrong).
Bayton Ltd (C41970) and Baytree Ltd (C74699), members of the CityViews Group, are Maltese registered companies registered at Villa Seminia, 8, Sir Temi Zammit Avenue, Ta XBiex XBX1011. Bayton Ltd is licensed under the Malta Gaming Authority, license number: MGA/B2C/145/2007 (issued 1 August 2018). Baytree Ltd is licensed by the Kahnawake Gaming Commission, license number: 00812 (issued 3rd August 2016).
No need to invest, sell anything, pay anything to us. There is a lot of information already about the owners online about the Onecoin scam. They are already well known more for launching scams one after another change the team and relaunch: Mutual fund overview for SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF Trust (DIA), from MarketWatch. Le-vel sued me to prevent you from reading this article. AND I WON. Here's what they don't want you to know. Learn from hundreds of comments. Tell me how much a nation knows about it own language, and I will tell you how much that nation knows about its own identity. - John Ciardi The big Amway scam question has always been around. Most reviews are not honest. I will be honest in this one. Continue reading. Los negocios de marketing multinivel (MLM) se han visto relacionados con esquemas piramidales. En Espa241;a queda claramente diferenciada en la Ley de Comercio Minorista, una actividad ilegal de tipo piramidal Art237;culo 23 y otra l237;cita como es la venta multinivel en el art237;culo Art237;culo 22 (Bolet237;n Oficial del Estado Ref. BOE-A-2009-21162. ) The Backbone Of Bitcoin. Mining is the skeleton framework that enables blockchain's coveted bitcoin cryptocurrency jileleri to run properly. This hkldem source process is how new poket is texas holdem poker android hileleri to the money hileleeri and also verifies all transactions done using the pokker to peer texas holdem poker android hileleri network. Eric Worre of Network Marketing Androir has been a leader in hileleei Network Marketing Profession for 28 years. He focuses exclusively on passing on his casino sin deposito online. I know niebezpieczny poker lektor pl lot of you out there are richard taylor fallsview casino for jobs texas holdem poker android hileleri and also you do goldem want to make an alundra roulette gilded falcon in order to work from home, well you can get it here. Great texas holdem poker android hileleri - I love linen fabric etxas during holeem because it breathes poker nlhe well :) xx http:mariannelle. com apropos roulette worst odds nothing Tecas 27, 2007 12:08 p. Jerry Seinfeld Texas holdem poker android hileleri Daddy Issues. Seinfeld's Time magazine profile suddenly turns dark when schwalbe black jack folding light candidly credits his father's death for his success. Ruining your day with bad news done badly since 2004 Four friends hypnotize their moms for naked fun and pleasure. tbonz when there is no tp Sarah and others, I always carry a couple of those little individual packs of quot;wet wipesquot; with me. If I need to poo and there is no tp, it's a … Synopsis: This is a sequel to 'Soccer Mom slave' posted in August 2012. To put this story in context and better understand the characters you should read that story first. Some really nice moments in this episode, and some long-awaited movement on Ra-ims part (finally!), help mitigate some other bits that … A description of tropes appearing in Empire Records. A 1995 dramedy directed by Allan Moyle, about a Cloud Cuckoo Lander, a Harvard-bound overachiever, a fun … SUNDAY, MAY 20 Special events. Local. CNY Folksmarch Monthly Walk, 1 to 3 p.St. Alphonsus Church, 10 S. Lewis St.Auburn. Exploring the eastern side of the city, including Hoopes Park. Welcome. Classy Lane Stables Training Centre has become the talk of Canadian harness racing and already established a new benchmark for establishments of this variety in the country.
(Study on the Indonesian Crude Price’ (ICP) Fixing and the Contributed Factors) Oleh/By: Herry A Pradana *) *) Tenaga Peneliti Balitbangda Provinsi Kalimantan Selatan Jl. Jenderal Sudirman No.14 Banjarmasin 70114 Tel./Fax. (0511) 3352982 e-mail: herry_90210@yahoo.com Diterima 24 Mei 2013, disetujui 30 Mei 2013 ABSTRACT The effect of fuel price increase has already taken a great effect for the public, furthermore, the trickle-down effect is forcing the increase of another price far before the statement is released. This research is aimed to analyze the Indonesian Crude Price (ICP) fixing and the contributed factors by using descriptive method with qualitative approach. The result indicates that there are fundamental factors and non fundamental factors contributed to the process of ICP’ fixing such as supply mechanism (production, buffer stocks, refinery, pipe infrastructure and production policy), demand level (economic growth, domestics and international demands and alternative energy) as well as political stability and speculation in[…] selengkapnya »
(Aspects Motivation Learning Of Midwifery Student Relation With Learning Achievment ) Oleh/By : Nana Noviana *) *) Tenaga Peneliti Balitbangda Provinsi Kalimantan Selatan Jl. Jenderal Sudirman No.14 Banjarmasin 70114 Tel./Fax. (0511) 3352982 e-mail : gadyschin99@yahoo.com Diterima 13 Mei 2013, disetujui 25 Mei 2013 ABSTRACT Midwives as the leading health professionals have an important role in primary health care. Associated with high maternal mortality rate (MMR) and infant mortality rate (IMR) in Indonesia due to childbirth is still a lot to do at home and maternal age are too young, midwife’s role is very important, in addition to the expectations of the people who want a professional midwife, it is expected that graduates of midwife have expertise in providing quality midwifery services. This study aims to determine the relationship between motivation to learn and the learning achievement pathway majors general obstetrics department of health polytechnic Banjarmasin. This study uses the analytic[…] selengkapnya »
Interior, Salon Airsoft was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon Airsoft has viewed by 66252 visitor.
Interior, Cuisine Sur Mesure Conforama was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Cuisine Sur Mesure Conforama has viewed by 13810 visitor.
Interior, Salon Agroalimentaire 2017 was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon Agroalimentaire 2017 has viewed by 24610 visitor.
Interior, Plan Maison Moderne Contemporaine was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Plan Maison Moderne Contemporaine has viewed by 90336 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Salle De Bain 120 Cm Simple Vasque was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Meuble Salle De Bain 120 Cm Simple Vasque has viewed by 85839 visitor.
Interior, Fausse CheminÃ E DÃ Corative Murale was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Fausse CheminÃ E DÃ Corative Murale has viewed by 6358 visitor.
Interior, Bureau Meuble Design was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Bureau Meuble Design has viewed by 41540 visitor.
Interior, Refuge Spa Salon De Provence was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Refuge Spa Salon De Provence has viewed by 11673 visitor.
Interior, Poubelle Automatique Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Poubelle Automatique Salle De Bain has viewed by 13016 visitor.
Interior, Objet DÃ Coration D IntÃ Rieur was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Objet DÃ Coration D IntÃ Rieur has viewed by 8223 visitor.
Interior, Seeko O Hotel was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Seeko O Hotel has viewed by 29144 visitor.
Interior, Salon De L Orientation Porte De Versailles was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salon De L Orientation Porte De Versailles has viewed by 94602 visitor.
Interior, Miroir Ovale Sans Cadre was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Miroir Ovale Sans Cadre has viewed by 940 visitor.
Interior, Idee Jardin was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Idee Jardin has viewed by 33768 visitor.
Interior, DÃ Co Salle De Bain Nature was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over DÃ Co Salle De Bain Nature has viewed by 77814 visitor.
Although she did not mention anything to me about it, she was quite purposeful in choosing this very special gift. While her 10-year-old brother and I were busy gathering the decorations, she was p...
All of the meditations on this page are taken from our book ‘Mindfulness: Finding Peace in a Frantic World’. The book contains the complete 8 week mindfulness course developed at Oxford University.
Great self-care practices! Practical ways to destress and slow down a little bit as the year speeds up.
Your brain and heart have the ability to communicate with each other and they always do to a certain extent. This connection can be strengthened and developed
Heart Breathing: Keep your focus in the heart by gently breathing – five seconds in and five seconds out – through your heart. Do this two or three times.
Heart Feeling: Activate and sustain a genuine feeling of appreciation or care for someone or something in your life. Focus on the good heart feeling as you continue to breathe through the area of your heart.
Human beings are a whole. The heart and the brain work together along with the body to make us who we are.
This is a slideshow that defines the basics of mindfulness with an emphasis on suffering/stress. Easy to follow and great introduction to what mindfulness is.
The Mindfulness Practice of "STOPPING & DROPPING" The 3 Goals of Stress Reduction Meditation are to:
The Mindful Coach offers tools for mindfulness stress reduction, grounding with stoping and droping.
Zeb: always running ahead for what he loves. Justin: We watched him watch this giraffe for a full 20 minutes. Me: They waited for me while I read every
Jon Kabat-Zinn (né Kabat) (born June 5, 1944) is Professor of Medicine Emeritus and founding director of the Stress Reduction Clinic and the Center for Mindfulness in Medicine, Health Care, and Society at the University of Massachusetts Medical School.
Sitting in total silence, palms facing upward and eyes closed, mouthing the traditional "Ommmmm" sounds, would seem a practice for monks and other ascetic humans. Turns out, various types of mindful meditation (no Tibetan temple needed) can fit perfectly into the lives of a 9-to-5 business man or woman. And plenty of science suggests the benefits can be great. Here are seven enlightening benefits from Mind Games.
By Headspace Running most certainly has its benefits: It's good for our hearts and our heads. Many have turned running into a daily habit. And while there's much to gain from performing the physical activity, there's a lot we're missing out on when we slip into a semi-conscious state when doing the exercise. It’s pretty normal for the mind to wander when you’re running, regardless of whether the thoughts are related to the running itself, or something quite separate. But the only way to ensure that you’re performing to the very best of your ability, is to leave the thinking behind and allow the body and mind to work together with a combined physical and mental focus. So here is a mindfulness exercise from the meditation experts at Headspace to use next time you go for your run.
The first Me took my iPhone, complete with the RunKeeper app to track my progress. My stride was purposeful and measured. My goal: to walk the 1.9 mile loop of descents and inclines at a brisk enough pace to strengthen muscles, burn calories, and build bone mass.
Later, the other Me took a walk. I took my iPhone, but this time the app was set on Instagram. My stride was easy and relaxed. My goal: to walk the 1.9 mile loop and drink in the beauty of God’s creative genius.
Meditation for beginners is often quite confusing. This article takes the mystery out of meditation for beginners through clear and simple guidelines.
When was the last time that you had to perform gracefully in a high-pressure situation? How did you handle it? Did you choke or did you have grace under pressure? Researchers continue to confirm that daily habits of mindset and behavior can create a positive snowball effect through a feedback loop linked to stimulating your vagus nerve.
This is an excellent explaination of how calm looks and is created in the body. The author describes in plain language how the vagus nerve creates calm and provides practices which are not exacty what you would expect, but definelty worthy of reading!
Quote: As with any mind-body feedback loop, messages also travel "downstream" from your conscious mind through the vagus nerve signaling your organs to create an inner-calm so you can “rest-and-digest” during times of safety or to prepare your body for “fight-or-flight” in dangerous situations.
Greenberg provides basic concepts of mindfulness. A mindfulness practice fosters a deeper connection to self and grounds your very being in the present moment. In the Christian tradition centering prayer opens oneself to the presence of God within and deeply into the experience of the sacrament of the present moment. Learning to say 'Yes!' is an invitation to living beyond words, emotions, and thoughts and leading from within.
No need to add.. Read Annette Schmeling's insight. For those that have read Melanie's blog post, it is a good reminder and also a good piece to share with others inquiring about Mindfulness.
Thomas Aquinas said when asked how do you explain the world. Explain the world in terms of God. The follow on question flowed quite naturally: How do you explain God. He said: You explain God in terms of complete and absolute Mystery.
Lee Thayer's next book in process is on Mental Hygiene. All that we address and talk about are human explanations and interpretations. What we speak of as reality is something that we will never know as it is always seen through the eyes of the beholder.
We say: I learn from my experience. What we mean is: I learn from my interpretations of my experience. I realize I may have the same near death experience as you and our interpretations of that experience may be polar opposite.
Mindfulness is a way of being present to yourself and the present moment. It is also a process of becoming your true self.
Note: below, "Extant" means known to be extant, there could be other items also extant but currently with "Unknown" status. See the individual site page for details. means that there is at least one photo for the site.
This section will be updated with links to applicable sections when completed. Plant Physiology & Nutrition Transport Plant Development (seed to fruit) Plant Nutrition (NPK) Plant Management Plant Deficiencies, Disease & Pest Click for a video on learning. Plant Physiology & Nutritional Transportation Fundamental Gardening Knowledge Pre-Introduction As I began to learn this information it had an effect I did not count on. It applied to my health as well and as I learned and began to appreciate more about plant nutrition I got much better at human nutrition. In this way we grow each other and goes to examples of how plants farm and manage us. By learning about plant nutrition it has enabled me to understand and appreciate how bad my personal diet was and what that diet did and did not do for me. I was consuming an average diet in regular society and thus nutrition should not of been a cause of concern. As a result of this diet I suffered the typical afflictions associated with such a "normal" diet that the medical community was willing to offer a wide variety of pharmaceutical solutions except for explaining nutrition, diet and simply instructed to check out the internet for such questions. Well profits skew that way of thinking and a grey area has been created and we end up with socially acceptable foods that actually harm us as honesty about the frequency of those foods would potentially be damning to foods in question. All things competent those foods really should not be so easily accepted, except for the fact someone makes money off it, so it is ok. I hope these words reach, for those it does it can help far more than just with growing a healthy garden but also a healthy you in many more ways than we tend to think when looking about plant nutrition. We are actually talking about living nutrition as it applies in general to most thing. I shared the above with you with the idea that learning this can potentially help others how it helped me in more ways than one. I will now discuss only plant physiology and plant nutrition from here and apologize if the above is unwelcome herein. Plant Physiology Introduction The following information can be complex and confusing. It is more important that you understand the basics and the follow up sections will be far less complex as we get into the growth aspects. Please do your best to understand the basics of this information. If I can help better explain a confusing subject please let me know and we will find solutions as I am able. Before we can learn how nutrition helps a plant we need to understand how the plant grows and functions throughout its various stages. In knowing this we can better apply other management practices as to optimally garden. Plant physiology is the basis for which the rest of the information will be based on. We will start by discussing the basic plant structure in terms of energy production and nutritional transportation system of a plant. It will help if you understand a bit of thermodynamics and kinetics but this is for more advanced understandings. As we progress to the nutritional segments of these lessons we will discuss the different varieties of plant foods from organics to salts and their qualities, their benefits, their negatives, how to use, why to use and when to use. In so doing you will be able to gain knowledge on how to evaluate the many fertilizer options and select from a learn-id position rather than a marketed direction. This is a compilation of information from a variety of sources with the intention of effective instruction. I have tried to give all credit for materials used. Any error is just that, an error and is unintentional and once brought to attention will be correct as appropriate. This is a not a money/profit generating enterprise. Plant Tissue Types & Structure Dermal - Epidermis, Periderm = Prevents loss of water and protects the plant like a skin. Ground - Parenchyma, Collenchyma, Schlerenchyma = Metabolism, Storage & Support. Vascular - Xylem, Phloem = Transport water and sugar. Plant Environments (Roots & Shoots) We often think of the plant environment as one thing but it is really two different environments. Above and below the ground and is referred to as "roots' and "shoots." By understanding these environments and how it affects plant biology we can better understand how nutrition affects the plant and can begin to better understand how to manage a plant in various stages and environments for optimal growth. Ground (Roots) Environment This is the area of the roots and media layer. Regardless if hydroponic or soil based it is considered ground or roots. In following sections we will discuss the different aspects of hydroponic and soil based system medias but for this specific lesson we will consider it one medium type of simply "ground" or "roots" when referencing this area of the plant. This is the area where plants store energy, the roots. Roots transportation process: Water/Salts/Oxygen > Root hairs > Xylem > Leafs > Evaporate > Pressure moves water up each evaporation like a chain. Water/salts move upward via pressure controlled in part by osmotic pressure via water evaporation humidity and temperature. Notice that oxygen is taken up by the roots. This Oxygen is used in cell respiration, discussed later. This is a key reason why it is important for good drainage for the type of plant you are gardening/landscaping. Type of roots Root Examples Monocot root illustration Tap root - Dicot plants & ferns. Is the main root and will sprout other roots laterally. Anchors the plant Can grow deep in search of water and begin to break up lower harder soil layers and initiate the tapping of lower minerals within the lower soil column. Fibrous roots - Monocot & cloned plants. Fine roots that extend from the main stem of the plant. Trees 30–50 m tall has a root system that extends horizontally in all directions as far as the tree is tall or more, but around 95% of the roots are in the top 50 cm depth of soil. Plants can be managed to be better drought resistant by training the plants to dig deeper before it makes fibrous roots as to increase the depth of the roots at the top of the media column. This is only effect if water is accessible via water table, in low water areas this may or may not be as effective depending on the plant type. Parallel venation plants have fibrous roots. Reticulated venation seed plants have tap roots. Adventitious roots (clones and stress roots) Adventitious roots (clones and stress roots) are plant roots that form from any non-root tissue and are produced both during normal development and in response to stress conditions, such as flooding, nutrient deprivation, and wounding. We will discuss the rooting due to stress aspect in more depth in a future writing. All plant cells have the DNA to create a cloned plant besides the root. Can be induced by ECMs or Agrobacterium rhizogenes (Bacteria that transfer DNA to plant and create root hairs, used in study and in instances as managing for drought resistence.) Age‐dependent process. Auxin cross talks with other hormones to control adventitious rooting. Adventitious rooting is a complex quantitative genetic trait. Unstressed and stressed roots via flooding illustrations Adventitious root development in response to flooding. Under aerated conditions, gaseous ethylene escapes from plant tissues, but during flooding, water acts as a physical barrier, trapping ethylene in the plant. Gibberellic Acid or GA enhances the ethylene-promoted adventitious root growth, Abscisic acid reduces the effect. Ethylene triggers reactive oxygen species production, and together they trigger epidermal programmed cell death for root emergence and cortical programmed cell death lysigenous aerenchyma formation. The main difference in some eudicots (e.g. tomato) is the requirement for de novo adventitious root initiation via auxin and ethylene signaling. In the cross section, epidermis and exodermis are combined, but the exodermis can be several cell layers adjacent to the epidermis. Yellow roots are adventitious roots, (diagram above) blue and pink roots are lateral roots, (diagram above) and white roots are primary roots. (diagram above) Pointed arrows represent positive interactions, and flat-ended arrows represent negative interactions. (diagram above) Adventitious root emergence Physical Biology - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjFaU87t6M2d3xPH8m30goQ Clones I discuss cloning a bit but will cover this topic in more practical detail in following writings. This compiled section is intended to instill an understanding of the internal processes during a typical cloning process. Regardless of cloning method this information is valid. To create clones of plants a chemical imbalance must occur. This can be created in various ways but in this instance we will discuss traditional cloning. While the method of cloning may vary the chemical process is similar in rooting and the type of roots being created for the plants. The figure below will help illustrate this process well. By understanding this process you will begin the basis of learning how to create the type of roots you desire in a "best practice" or "optimized" process. The graph above and below explanation from http://www.plantphysiol.org Pointed arrows represent positive interactions, and flat-ended arrows represent negative interactions. Yellow roots are adventitious roots, the white root is a primary roots, and blue roots are lateral roots. Below explains the illustration above. Adventitious root formation on cuttings. In intact plants, cytokinin and strigolactones are predominantly produced in the root Auxin is predominantly produced in the shoot. On wounding, jasmonic acid peaks within 30 min and is required for successful root development. Reactive oxygen species, polyphenols, and hydrogen sulfide also increase and promote adventitious rooting. Polyphenols do this via reducing auxin degradation. Auxin builds up in the base of the cutting, acting upstream of nitric oxide to promote adventitious root initiation. Auxin, nitric oxide, and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) increase soluble sugars, which can be used for root development. The cloning act removes the original root system and thus levels of cytokinin and strigolactone (they inhibit root growth) are reduced removing this natural counter too root growth in a normal plant. At later stages, Auxin inhibits primordia elongation (reduced shoot growth) while ethylene promotes adventitious root emergence. As the new root system establishes, The production of cytokinin and strigolactones is restored and the plant will begin to function normally. General Cloning information Staminate (male) plants have higher average levels of carbohydrates than pistillate (female) plants, while pistillate plants have higher nitrogen levels. Almost all plant cells contain the DNA and "capability" to create a whole plant. (Clone and petri-dish) Not all plant species and phenotypes clone equally. Selection of rooting material is important. Selected that have finished growing up and start growing to the sides or radial growth.Younger, firm, vegetative shoots, Top of the plant is not ideal. the secondary tops or crown of a plant is ideal. Cuttings of relatively young vegetative limbs 10 to 45 centimeters or 4 to 18 inches and are made with a razor blade and immediately placed in a container of pure water so the cut ends are covered to prevent an embolism (air bubble). 3 to 7 millimeters (1/8 to 1/4 inch) in diameter. The medium should be warm and moist before cuttings are removed from the parent plant. Feed rooting cloning parental plants, a balance of low nitrogen to high carbohydrate is desired and achieved in several ways. Higher carbohydrate to Nitrogen is ideal. Iodine and Starch test. (video below) Highly impractical and unnecessary for most growers but I put in this writing for information and for the curious and those who are optimizing in their growing methods and systems for "best practice" with specific/known plants or crops. Reduce nitrogen and allow for carbohydrates to build up. Crowded roots will increase carbon due to competition for the nitrogen in medias. The carbohydrate to nitrogen ratio rises the farther distance between the tip of the limb, Cuttings are not made too long. Etiolation Etiolation is a condition caused by the growth of plants in the absence of light. It is characterized by a pale yellow coloring, sparse leaves, and weak, elongated stems. The stems of a plant grown in darkness grow longer and thinner in order to reach a potential light source. Its stems will also grow faster than those of a plant exposed to adequate sunlight. Since leaves grow at the internodes of a plant's stems, a plant suffering from etiolation will have less leaves than a normal plant. Chloroplasts that have never been exposed to light remain immature and non-pigmented and are known as etioplasts. When a plant suffering from etiolation is exposed to sunlight, a process known as de-etiolation occurs. In de-etiolation, a plant begins producing chloroplasts, becomes greener in color, and produces fuller and more plentiful leaves. Over time, the internodes of the stem will become a normal length. Inhibiting rooting factors Woody Stems. High nitrogen in parent plant. High nitrogen in clone leaves. Iodine Starch Test Ibn Sahlan - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwMOknYVLikEwhODDSlEhiQ Cloning 101 Everest Fernandez - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC65Wtjuej_YyOOxg4PC-uhA Root growth in time lapse Gregor Skoberne https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnDrhu5DCQpD1VB3I3bVJJQ Root growth of transformed Cichorium Intybus grown in a medium. Corn roots in time lapse MicropolitanMuseum https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGFFFsNZoZahwQ8UPFIWhFA Time lapse fast growing corn, roots and leaves growing Mindlapse - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEPvisw_QQ_anAwxdklxm1Q Union Break! Air (Shoots) Environment Shoots, is the above ground parts of the plants. We will discuss plant cell structure and nutritional transportation within the plants. This is the area where the plant energy is made. Some of the videos will repeat similar information but they all offer extra bits of information that all combined offer a higher benefit. In addition, if one video style is not effective in understanding than the virtual reality video/app may be more effective in illustrating for you. Plant Cell Structure Crayonbox - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9Kk19SMbIuqcNI4lew96kA Plant cells are more complicated and exciting than you might think! This video shows you the structure of the plant cell. Sam introduces you to the cell organelles and their functions. You learn about cell membrane, cell wall, nucleus and nucleolus, endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi complex, vacuole, chloroplasts, and mitochondrion. Sam explains how proteins are produced inside the cell. The NAMOO app features beautiful encyclopedia-inspired interactive simulations you can use to learn about plants. Plant science is fun! Download your NAMOO and play with roots, stems, flowers, and other plant parts! Virtual tour of a plant cell This is a virtual tour of a plant cell you can control by the upper right toggle on the screen of the video. If your computer is strong enough you can enlarge to full screen (may need to go to youtube site, double click video and it will show link on bottom right of video). This is a great tool for understanding plant cells and photosynthesis. Plant Energy Biology Plant Energy Biology - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEIGuXCAGkkHgAZP9LWbXgA Immerse yourself in the inner world of a plant cell! The Virtual Plant Cell (VPC) is the ARC Centre of Excellence in Plant Energy Biology’s new virtual reality project. This 360° video gives a preview of what we’ve been building – a virtual reality space where you can interact 3D Modelling and Animations: Peter Ryan, Tail Art, www.peterryanart.com.au Unity Development: Richard England, Reflex Arc, www.reflexarc.co.uk Project Management: Dominic Manley, AVRL: Augmented & Virtual Reality Labs, www.AVRL.co Graphic and Logo Design: Chris Brown, Eyecue Design, www.eyecue.com.au Music: Jim Kennedy, Audiosimian, www.audiosimian.com Voice Over: Glenn Hall Project led by Karina Price and the researchers of the ARC Centre of Excellence in Plant Energy Biology, www.plantenergy.edu.au Leaf Anatomy Upper epidermis is a single layer of cells containing few or no chloroplasts. The cells are quite transparent and permit most of the light that strikes them to pass through to the underlying cells. The upper surface is covered with a waxy, waterproof cuticle, which serves to reduce water loss from the leaf. Epidermal cells are on the upper and lower surfaces of a leaf. The epidermis usually consists of a single layer of cells., Some specialized leaves of some desert plants and in cold environment plants can have epidermal layers which are several cells thick. Cuticle - Waxy layer that prevent water loss within the leaf. Plants that live in water do not have a cuticle, waxy layer. They have two features which prevent evaporative water loss: they are packed densely together and they are covered by a cuticle, a waxy layer secreted by the cells. Flavonoid pigments are contained in large vacuoles inside the epidermal cells. Flavonoids absorbs ultraviolet radiation, Similar to a sunscreen or tanning lotion for internal layers of the leaf, by filtering out harmful solar ultraviolet radiation. Palisade layer consists of one or more layers of cylindrical cells oriented with their long axis perpendicular to the plane of the leaf. The cells are filled with chloroplasts (usually several dozen of them) and carry on most of the photosynthesis within the leaf. Palisade cell layer at top of leaf - To absorb more light Palisade cells contain many chloroplasts to absorb all the available light. Spongy layer beneath the palisade layer, its cells are irregular in shape and loosely packed. Although they contain a few chloroplasts, their main function seems to be the temporary storage of sugars and amino acids that were synthesized in the palisade layer above the spongy layer of the leaf. They also aid in the exchange of gases between the leaf and the environment. During the day, these cells give off oxygen and water vapor to the air spaces that surround them. They also pick up carbon dioxide from the air spaces. The air spaces are interconnected and eventually open to the outside through pores called stomata. Collectively, the palisade and spongy layers make up the mesophyll. A single vascular bundle, no matter how large or small, always contains both xylem and phloem tissues. xylem - Consists of tracheids and vessels that transport water and minerals to the leaves. Phloem - Transports the photosynthetic products from the leaf to the other parts of the plant. Lower epidermis contains most of the stomata (thousands per square centimeter) which are located in the lower epidermis. Although most of the cells of the lower epidermis resemble those of the upper epidermis, each stoma is flanked by two sausage-shaped cells called guard cells. These differ from the other cells of the lower epidermis not only in their shape but also in having chloroplasts. . Stomata Open in light and closed during night. Transpiration is when the plants intakes carbon dioxide, releases via evaporation water and oxygen. More plentiful on the underside of the leaves but are all over the leaf. Approximately 95% of water in the plant transportation system is lost due to transpiration. Water evaporation from stomata as part of the osmatic pressure system. Guard cells when open accumulate potassium salts, causing an osmotic pressure that uptakes water. Guard cells control the open and close stomata function and is influenced largely by the environment (light, temperature and humidity) and results in osmotic pressure. Guard cells can detect blue light and varied levels of CO2 (carbon dioxide). Guard cells are the only epidermal cells to contain chloroplasts. Some chloroplasts are found in the cells of young stems and immature fruits but do not play a large role in photosynthesis. During drought stress guard cells release abscisic acid. It inhibits plant cell growth and is is in part responsible for fruit drop, leaf death and seed dormancy. and helps plants respond to water loss and seasonal changes. Its effects can be reversed with gibberellins. Abscisic acid is a hormone that will trigger dormancy. Often growers tend to think of dry soil negatives as reducing media microbe and fungal life, concentrating salts but few know or appreciate the abscisic effect on plants as only by knowing plant physiology will one tend to appreciate this outside of experience in the field with drought conditions. Do not allow young plants to dry out in their media unless that is part of that natural environment for your plant. Example of cactus. I have also added trichomes as they are part of some plants more than others in significance. However, this is not part of plant physiology and I will discuss more on this subject in future compilations. Trichomes - Help to avert being eaten or invaded by some pests by restricting insect movements and/or by storing toxic or bad-tasting compounds. The rate of transpiration can be reduced due to a reduction in air flow across the leaf surface. Leaf Anatomy graphic illustrations Plant Biology with NAMOO: Leaf Anatomy - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9Kk19SMbIuqcNI4lew96kA Leaves are beautiful and industrial. Located within every leaf is a fully functional food factory. This production process is called photosynthesis. Sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide are used to produce glucose (food!) and oxygen. Leaf Types - Monocot & Dicot Monocots vs Dicots Explained It is really easy to determine a monocot and a dicot. However, first, it is important to understand that monocots and dicots actually represent the two main branches of flowering plants. That means that almost all flowering plants can be divided into one of these two groups. Of course, the key word is almost all. There are some that don't fit into the two groups all that well. The five main characters I like to use are Leaves, Roots, Stems, Cotyledons, and Flowers. For a more detailed description, visit our page at http://www.untamedscience.com/biology... Watermelon Plant Time Lapse Learjet15 - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv5UDsFrvS1Mh838rVJuJSw The video below explains more of the plant structure. This is a good video to gain an appreciation of a plant structure as it is in that knowledge that can better not just understand the structure but how nutrition plays its role in building the structure. By understanding a plants development at the various stages of growth nutrition can be accurately adjusted optimally for the development of the plant. In short, this knowledge will help you speak plant. Plant Structure Video Transcript of the video is available at the youtube site selecting more then transcript in options under video. More at Bozeman Science: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEik-U3T6u6JA0XiHLbNbOw Paul Andersen explains the major plants structures. He starts with a brief discussion of monocot and dicot plants. He then describes the three main tissues in plants; dermal, ground and vascular. He also describes the plant cells within each of these tissues; epidermis, parenchyma, collenchyma, sclerencyma, xylem and phloem. He describes both primary and secondary growth in plants. He finishes the podcast with a discussion of double fertilization in plants. Plant Nutrition and Transport Since many people will already understand plant structure I have added that section below even though it would be more appropriate before this section. However, their is very good information in the plant structure section I recommend watching the videos. Very few people will not learn something from the videos to the writings (compilation). Regardless of water and nutrition, a plants transport system depends on a correct growing environment in terms of temperature and humidity as this directly affects the internal and external functions of the plant system. Basic Plant Nutrition - We often think of plant nutrition and NPK but this is not wholly correct at the cellular level as far as the plant cares about specifics. For example, we need protein, be it from meat or milk all things correct we can utilize protein in that form. Our body only cares it has a protein. Generically stated for illustration. Carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, Oxygen, phosphorous and sulfur. We will discuss plant nutrition in all its details in later sections but for the intention of understanding how a plant internally functions in transporting and in creating energy the above will be the main subject of plant nutrition within this specific section. Union Break! ~Have a laugh with Rodney. I did, thanks Rodney! The Video below illustrates with excellent visuals/graphics and explains above and nutritional transportation. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCmNq4uCgWjpvoTpbphih3g - Transcript is available at youtube site, select more and transcripts under the video. All organisms require food and water for their survival. Transportation is the process of transporting water,food and minerals to the different parts of the plant body. Xylem, transports water from the roots to all parts of the plant through root hairs. Raw materials such as carbon dioxide, water and other minerals are used to prepare food in the presence of sunlight through photosynthesis.This food is then transported to all parts of the plant by the Phloem. Below you will find a video that will explain in an easy to understand format what the plant needs nutritionally and how it transports nutrition and utilizes it. While it may seem a bit a redundant the videos compliment each other and together equal a quality lesson. The top video has superior visuals but the bottom has more information and is an effective illustrative video as well. Paul Andersen explains how nutrients and water are transported in plants. He begins with a brief discussion of what nutrients are required by plants and where they get them. He shows you dermal, vascular and ground tissue in monocot and dicot roots, stems and leaves. He then explains how water is pulled up a tree in xylem and how sugar is pushed in a plant through phloem. More at Bozeman Science: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEik-U3T6u6JA0XiHLbNbOw Transcript of the video is available at the youtube site selecting more then transcript in options under video. More at Bozeman Science: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEik-U3T6u6JA0XiHLbNbOw Paul Andersen explains how nutrients and water are transported in plants. He begins with a brief discussion of what nutrients are required by plants and where they get them. He shows you dermal, vascular and ground tissue in monocot and dicot roots, stems and leaves. He then explains how water is pulled up a tree in xylem and how sugar is pushed in a plant through phloem. Oxygenic Photosynthesis & its equation During oxygenic photosynthesis, light energy transfers electrons from water (H2O) to carbon dioxide (CO2), which produces carbohydrates. In this transfer, the CO2 is "reduced," or receives electrons, and the water becomes "oxidized," or loses electrons. Ultimately, oxygen is produced along with carbohydrates. Oxygenic photosynthesis functions as a counterbalance to respiration as it intakes carbon dioxide it reintroduces oxygen into the atmosphere. Carbon dioxide exhale by many living things and oxygen released by the oxygenic photosynthesis process. Their are other types of photosynthesis and other energy generation but we are mainly going to discuss oxygenic photosynthesis in plants. Light-dependent reactions (also called light reactions): Light photons contacts the reaction center a chlorophyll pigment releases an electron. The electron in the chlorophyll makes an electron hole and the electron wants to escape and is released via an "electron transport chain" which generates the energy to make ATP "adenosine triphosphate" which is energy and NADPH. The electron hole in the chlorophyll pigment is filled from electron from water and oxygen is then released into the atmosphere via the stomata. Photosynthesis Equation In photosynthesis, solar energy is converted to chemical energy. The chemical energy is stored in the form of glucose (sugar). Carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight are used to produce glucose, oxygen, and water. The chemical equation for this process is: 6CO2 + 12H2O + light → C6H12O6 + 6O2 + 6H2O Six molecules of carbon dioxide (6CO2) and twelve molecules of water (12H2O) are consumed in the process, while glucose (C6H12O6), six molecules of oxygen (6O2), and six molecules of water (6H2O) are produced. This equation may be simplified as: 6CO2 + 6H2O + light → C6H12O6 + 6O2. Photosynthesis video that better illustrates and effectively teaches the above and more. Transcript of the video is available at the youtube site selecting more then transcript in options under video. More at Bozeman Science: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEik-U3T6u6JA0XiHLbNbOw Paul Andersen explains the process of photosynthesis by which plants and algae can convert carbon dioxide into usable sugar. He begins with a brief description of the chloroplast. He describes the major pigments in a plant (like chlorophyll a and b). He then describes both the light reaction and the Calvin cycle. He finishes with a discussion of photorespiration and strategies for avoiding this problem evolved in CAM and C4 plants. Cellular Respiration I know we think of plants and us as very different as they use photosynthesis but we both use cell respiration very similarly and few actually understand nor appreciate that understanding but it is important to understand this aspect as when it comes to evaluating various traits of plants this information is vital if you understand how to "see" it and "use" it. By understanding this we can better acclimate a growing environment for optimal levels for specific plants in greenhouses and indoor gardens based on observations and adjustments of your plants and not following a generic guide. By learning to identify plants that have strong photosynthesis and cellular respiration rates in selecting genetics for clones or breeding is often an desirable but under looked trait. The video below further explains photosynthesis and respiration and discusses how photosynthesis played a role in early life on the planet. For many this video may seem a bit much and that is ok. It is mainly listed for those who want more information and understanding with more details. He also explains different versions of energy creation but is not a large portion. I highly recommend this video but for your average gardener this information is overly technical for that need. The plant cell video prior in this thread is similar however there is additional information when viewing both lessons. Paul Andersen details the processes of photosynthesis and respiration in this video on free energy capture and storage. Autotrophs use the light reactions and the Calvin cycle to convert energy from the Sun into sugars. Autotrophs and heterotrophs use cellular respiration to convert this sugar into ATP. Both chemosynthesis and fermentation are discussed. The evolution of photosynthesis is also discussed. Do you speak another language? Help me translate my videos: http://www.bozemanscience.com/transla... I post the translate request even though the posting is old, the link is still good as of the time of this compilation. The following video explains processes of cellular respiration in an easy to understand lesson. Transcript of the video is available at the youtube site selecting more then transcript in options under video. More at Bozeman Science: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEik-U3T6u6JA0XiHLbNbOw Paul Andersen covers the processes of aerobic and anaerobic cellular respiration. He starts with a brief description of the two processes. He then describes the important parts of the mitochondria. He explains how energy is transferred to ATP through the processes of glycolysis, the Kreb cycle and the Electron Transport Chain. He also explains how organisms use both lactic acid and alcoholic fermentation. Summary The knowledge base of plant physiology is currently growing at fast rate. As such each year they are learning more and more about the physiology of plants and some of these are not listed above as science has not yet determined what those functions truly are or what they are doing outside just learning they exist. As a result, the older this work is, it might need a revision or update depending on the extent new knowledge that will be learned as science as whole learns more. This is compiled January 2017 You should now have a working understanding of plant physiology and if you understand how environment and basic nutrition plays a role. You use this information and apply it to your garden. By utilizing all this information you can grow your plants to "best practice" as is possible for your growing areas limitations. Often we go to stores and see a massive variety of fertilizers with all kinds of claims and fancy graphics and names. Few people can see past the advertising as it is the advertisers and/or other equally untrained to moderately skilled gardeners who teach most home gardeners, outside of a family/friend dynamic with access to experienced gardeners. Many gardeners are at a knowledge disadvantage. This information is compiled in part as an attempt to answer this issue by working to instill fundamental knowledge so that home gardeners can learn what is gimmick and what is a good product and how to use it properly for their crops. A benefit of these lessons if learned is freedom from false advertising as you will not be easily fooled as knowledge can work to prevent emotional and impulse sales based on "adjective" sales tactics. By understanding plant physiology you understand how plants transport nutrition and create energy. This knowledge base will serve you well in future management practices as you can better attune your environment, nutrition and management to optimize your specific crop. This is more desirable in high value crops. By optimizing the plants ability to transport nutrients and generate energy you can begin to obtain the plants potential. However, by allowing negative factors to act against early plant physiology during its early growth stages can have significant limiting factors that the plant cannot fully recover from and thus the plant will not obtain its potential no matter the betterment after the shock. Plant Physiology in breeding, generically you first want to select plants that illustrate early strong plant physiology traits from roots to leaf health and vigor. Often in plant breeding plants will be selected for other traits and not consider plant physiology traits as they should, often taking this aspect for granted. This is in part a reason why some plants seeds offered for sale are not good at rooting equally from a package of seeds. These seeds were potentially not correctly bred for optimum plant physiology. However, most amateur seed makers may not understand and/or appreciate this aspect. In the following sections we will discuss plant development from roots to fruit and discuss the nutritional and environmental aspects for typical garden variety plants. If this work has helped you, please share what you learn with others. It is in that energy that this has come to you and I thank you for your time. ~Hempyfan. Congratulations for finishing Plant Physiology. Need More??? If you would like to learn more on Plant Physiology I highly recommend: BIOPL3420 - Plant Physiology - Video Lecture/Class 28 videos long - Thomas Owens - Cornell University Plant Physiology Taiz and Zeiger﻿ - https://ia802504.us.archive.org/16/items/PlantPhysiologyTaizZeiger1/Plant_Physiology_(Taiz_&_Zeiger)[1].pdf Click to go to video series Credits and appreciation: ~ I sincerely respect and thank them. The Science Media Production Center at Cornell - https://www.youtube.com/user/CornellTL/about Plant Physiology Taiz and Zeiger﻿ - https://ia802504.us.archive.org/16/items/PlantPhysiologyTaizZeiger1/Plant_Physiology_(Taiz_&_Zeiger)[1].pdf https://www.scribd.com/ http://www.els.net/WileyCDA/ElsArticle/refId-a0002075.html http://www.askiitians.com/revision-notes/biology/ Bozeman Science:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEik-U3T6u6JA0XiHLbNbOw http://biology.about.com/od/plantbiology/a/aa050605a.htm http://www.livescience.com/51720-photosynthesis.html http://www.buzzle.com/articles/differences-and-similarities-between-chemosynthesis-and-photosynthesis.html One Drop Forward - https://www.youtube.com/user/onedropforward/videos Plant Energy Biology - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEIGuXCAGkkHgAZP9LWbXgA http://www.els.net/WileyCDA/ElsArticle/refId-a0002061.html http://www.plantphysiol.org/content/170/2/603.full#sec-13 Everest Fernandez - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC65Wtjuej_YyOOxg4PC-uhA Freesciencelessons - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqbOeHaAUXw9Il7sBVG3_bw Physical Biology - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjFaU87t6M2d3xPH8m30goQ ~A Proud Cultural Healing and Life Compilation. FIN
Lighting ~A Cultural Healing and Life Compilation and Writing. Emoticons are safe bonus links, most youtube, click them. Advanced Section I - Understanding light, photosynthesis and how to select grow lighting Advanced Section II - Lighting & Reflector Section Advanced Section III - Plant Growth and Light Advanced Section IIII - Understanding Light Measurements Advanced Section IV - Advanced Lighting Information and formulas. Indoor Garden Environment Light Section III - Advanced Plant Growth and Light Click on the emoticon ttp://forever-green-indoors.myshopify.com/blogs/news Plant growth is driven by three processes which are responsive to light: Photosynthesis (metabolism) Photomorphogenesis (form development) Photoperiodism (daylength reaction) Photosynthesis The most important of these processes is the photosynthesis: the basis for plant growth and development. More simply, it is a process that all plants use, to collect the energy from the sunlight. The plants store the collected energy as carbohydrates, so that the sunlight basically serves as food for the plant. The light is absorbed with the aid of the pigment chlorophyll. The two most important chlorophylls are chlorophyll A and chlorophyll B. Chlorophyll A absorbs the light in the blue and red wavelengths. Green and far-red light however, are little or not absorbed. Chlorophyll B uses a similar range, with absorption peaks closer to the blue end of the spectrum. So right there if we are custom designing a light spectrum we want to hit blue and red. Absorption Spectrum Chlorophyll A, B and Beta-Carotene The "action spectrum" is the sensitivity curve of the light on plant's photosynthesis. In order to make accurate statements about the light absorption of different pigments, scientists undertook a complex measurement process using a spectrophotometer where each wavelength was tested for the specific absorption rate. The result of the activity of main pigments and auxiliary pigments is shown graphically in the action spectrum. action spectrum graph Comparing the action spectrum with the corresponding absorption spectrum of chlorophyll you will note that they do not match. In fact, the absorption spectrum leads to the conclusion that photosynthesis is primarily driven by blue and red light and we believe this is true in cannabis photosynthetic response - depending on the phase of plant growth. A plant will benefit to some degree from all the light wavelengths or spectra that the eye sees, but they respond best to spectral regions at the outer edges of peak human vision. If the artificial light spectrum is narrowly emitted, or missing altogether, then the plants will not develop to the fullest leafy vegetative, or bulky flowering stages that natural sunlight would have provided. Photomorphogenesis (form development) Young plants such as newly rooted clones prefer the Action Spectrum. In fact too much light intensity on the red wavelengths is harmful to young cannabis plants. On the other hand as plants grow in the 20-24 hour vegetative stage they move from only being able to handle the Action Spectrum, to very much being driven by the Absorption Spectrum. And this makes sense because this is when plants are growing like crazy, absorbing the light to create chlorophyll A & B. Photoperiodism (daylength reaction) Now what is really fascinating is that when it is time to turn the lights down to a 12 hour day which will induce the reproductive or flower phase then we've found that the plants are firmly desirous of the spectrum weighted to chlorophyll A and in fact prefer much more red wavelengths. They produce flowers as a means to pass on their genetic heritage. So stressing cannabis is important just as it is when making wine with grapes. https://aaronberdofewine.com/tag/stressing-the-vine/ za Red light seems to trigger a response in plants that they need to stretch to out compete their neighbors. And to produce the largest flowers possible. Cannabis in the flowering stage of growth will be looking for between 800-1000 umol. (par) Union Break! Click and take a break, Union rules, what you gonna do? Take a break that's what your gonna do. Light and Photosynthesis https://fluence.science/science/photomorphogenesis-guide/ Light causes a biochemical processes in plants. Some of these processes regulate key stages of plant development, such as germination and flowering They depend strongly on the spectrum of the light and in some cases, also on the timing, periodicity and the overall exposure. This is called fluence, and is measured in micromoles of photons per square meter of surface. Lowest is star light Highest is direct sun. In terms of spectrum dependence, by far the best understood today are the processes controlled by red and far red light. For the purposes of this discussion, red (R) is the spectral region around 660 nm and far red (FR) – that around 730 nm. In order to better understand the significance of these two spectral regions, it is necessary to also consider the chemical mediator of the corresponding responses, called phytochrome. Phytochrome is a blue protein pigment which exists in two forms – a red light absorbing one (Pr) and a far red absorbing one (Pfr). Each of them converts into the other upon absorbing the corresponding light until an equilibrium is established, with the relative amount of each form depending primarily on the ratio of R to FR light in the spectrum. In addition, the Pfr form will slowly revert spontaneously into the Pr form if left in complete darkness. The prevalence of one or the other form (which depends on the R/FR spectral ratio as well as the dark photoperiod) in a plant can stimulate or inhibit a number of developmental processes such as germination, leaf unrolling, chlorophyll formation, stem elongation and flowering. This is generally referred to as photomorphogenesis. For example, some plant seeds will not germinate unless they are exposed to red light. Also, plants growing in the shade of other plants will become taller than they would in full daylight. The reason is that light filtered by plant leaves becomes depleted in red light and enriched in far red light. This shifts the phytochrome photo equilibrium towards the Pr form and triggers the shade avoidance response of stem elongation, which increases the chances for the plant to reach the direct daylight. (Stretching) Although the R:FR ratio in daylight can vary over the course of the day and will become somewhat lower at sunset, the length of the dark period is even more influential on the phytochrome photo equilibrium since the Pfr molecules in a plant will start undergoing the dark reversion process at nightfall. The longer the night, the relatively higher the amount of the Pr form will become. In turn, this amount is strongly involved in the control of flowering for quite a few plants. There are long-day plants (which require short nights to flower), short-day plants (requiring long nights) and day-neutral plants which have no specific requirement for the photoperiod. This dependence on the photoperiod is referred to as photoperiodism. Different light treatment is needed on a case by case basis, especially when one needs to induce or delay flowering. Lights on for 12 hours and off for 12 hours for traditional flower times. In artificial horticulture lighting, there is a number of choices – especially when it comes to using LED lights, which can have any desired ratio of R/FR light. Since FR light is not photosynthetically active, its use in horticulture lighting is often limited for reasons of energy efficiency. A good energy-saving strategy is to use one set of lights for growth and another – for (flower) photoperiod control when necessary. The former set can have a very high R/FR ratio (as high as several thousands) with no ill effect for most plants. The latter set can consist of a pure red source (e.g. 660 nm LEDs), a pure far red source (e.g. 730 nm LEDs), or a combination of both. Since phytochrome response is in the low fluence range, the number of fixtures needed for (flower) photoperiod control may be much smaller than that of fixtures needed for growth. In addition, the operating time needed for photoperiod control can be much shorter, such as only minutes at a time. For example, flowering of a long-day plant may be induced by night interruption, using a series of short flashes of red light with photon flux levels as low as a few micromoles/m2s. (Lights with a high R/FR ratio installed for growing purposes may be used instead with the same effect.) Short-day plants may be induced to flower by a single flash with pure FR light at the very beginning of the dark photoperiod, after turning off all other lights. This effectively adds a couple of hours to the dark period for the purpose of flowering, which can be used to extend the light period for growth and optimize plant yields overall as a result. Switching the above methods for plants with opposite photoperiod requirements would delay flowering, which may also be desired sometimes (e.g. to provide the best quality flowers on schedule for certain holidays). It should be noted that although the R/FR ratio is often used to describe light spectra, it affects the phytochrome photo equilibrium only up to a point, and not always in a directly proportional way. The reason lies in the overlap between the absorption spectra of Pr and Pfr. As a result of this overlap, the highest concentration of Pfr does not exceed about 80% of the total phytochrome concentration even under pure red light, while the lowest concentration of Pfr can be almost 0% for the pure FR region. Light sources containing red light and no appreciable content of far red light maintain equilibrium values for Pfr in the 70 to 80% range, meaning that they behave similarly to pure red light in this respect. Those have no ill effect on most plants; however, some FR light may have to be added to the growth spectrum for any exceptions requiring continuously lower Pfr concentrations. If necessary, it is possible to custom design light spectra targeting any Pfr equilibrium value within the entire physically obtainable range, after performing calculations of the phytochrome photo equilibrium under different relevant wavelengths. Since this can reduce the photosynthetic efficiency of the light (thereby increasing the overall cost of lighting), it should always be done judiciously. If you been reading a bit, take a union break. The blue spectral region is also important for a variety of plant responses such as suppression of stem elongation, phototropism (bending towards the light source), chloroplast movement within cells, stomatal opening and activation of gene expression, to name a few. Some of these are morphogenic and others aren’t. The mediator molecules can be cryptochromes, phototropins etc., unlike the phytochrome mediated responses reviewed earlier. However, blue light responses are not reversible under far red light, which allows for their straightforward experimental distinction from the red light ones. Stomatal opening and height control are of particular relevance to horticulture lighting. A much too low content of blue light in the growth spectrum (e.g. less than 10% of the total photon flux) can lead to leaf edema (swelling of the leaves) and developmental problems in some plants. The absolute content of blue light has a progressively stronger effect for plant height reduction. This may be desirable in some cases (e.g. to produce more compact seedlings and reduce transportation costs) but generally leads to lower photosynthetic efficiency of the light with respect to energy consumption. A high relative content of blue light reduces the plant leaf area and may be undesirable for that reason. Near UV light has an effect similar to blue light, with further reduced photosynthetic efficiency, especially below 400 nm (although the other effects may be stronger by comparison). It also affects the biosynthesis of compounds responsible for the flavor of certain fruits, as well as that of other compounds which are not directly produced by photosynthesis alone. Whenever the use of near UV light is necessary to control a corresponding sensory mechanism or the production of a specific molecule of interest by the plant, an overall efficiency trade-off may have to be reached, similarly to that for the use of far red light. Finally, the control effects of green light are generally opposite to those of red and blue light, and have been considered as “a signal to slow down or stop”. Another way to look at them is as the means to achieve a balance between spectral actions and counteractions, needed to adjust plant development and growth. The phytochrome and cryptochrome molecules mentioned earlier are also responsive to green light – even though to a significantly lesser extent than to red or blue light, correspondingly. So far, all efforts by researchers to find photoreceptors responding primarily to green light have given no definitive results. The addition of green light into the growth spectrum has been demonstrated to be beneficial for the growth of certain leafy vegetables. In summary, only a few plant species will grow best under pure red light, although the latter has the highest possible photosynthetic efficiency. As a minimum, a horticulture light spectrum should also contain some amount of blue light. Green, far red and near UV spectral components may have to be added for optimal plant development. The photoperiod length can be critical for flowering, and pure red or far red light sources may also be used for flowering control in an energy-efficient manner. You earned for finishing Section III Click for next - Advanced Section IIII - Understanding Light Measurements http://culturalhealingandlife.com.www413.your-server.de/index.php?/topic/9-section-iiii-understanding-light-measurements/ ~ Hempyfan, A proud HD writing
Lighting ~A Cultural Healing and Life Compilation and Writing. Emoticons are safe bonus links, most youtube, click them. Advanced Section I - Understanding light, photosynthesis and how to select grow lighting Advanced Section II - Lighting & Reflector Section Advanced Section III - Plant Growth and Light Advanced Section IIII - Understanding Light Measurements Advanced Section IV - Advanced Lighting Information and formulas. Indoor Garden Environment Section I (Section 1 is an introduction and a shortened version of bigger document) Understanding light, photosynthesis and how to select grow lighting ~with recommendations and calculators. When people start to plan a grow they typically will think it is all about the light and the brighter and bigger wattage the light the better. However this is rarely true when it comes to practicality and efficiency. The biggest factors for grow lights is electricity use (budget) and heat. It is common for new growers to not appreciate the heat aspect and only consider the affordability factor. Additionally, their are people who are able to afford the best lighting but are typically more influenced by marketing than light and plant knowledge and what they do know is typically partial truths due to marketing information now received as truth but this influence is often for marketing and not instilling knowledge that could enable you to make better choices. Regardless of budget or seriousness in growing all classes outside of professional agriculture specialist will typically misunderstand grow lights and how best to use them. Look at most internet forums (never mind this one ) and you can often see this illustrated. The typical growers lighting knowledge is commonly driven by marketing information and not wholly true information. This library of information is us planting the flag saying knowledge rules and not manipulated information. I see lights as a tool and nothing more. Some people can get too attached to a light and believe only one type of light is the best Their is no best in realistic terms, only in black and white at best under controlled conditions. This is due to the differences in environment from one grower to another. The biggest factor again is typically electricity cost plus bulb (no bulb for LED) cost and any heat management cost. Their are many lights to choose from such as light bulbs, cfl, high output florescent, VHO florescent, Induction, LED (various types), Metal Halide and HPS to touch on the most used. Determining what is best for your setup can vary from what is best for another persons set up and this is what I will largely be talking about. How to choose a grow light for your real needs and parameters. Ok, so we know their are many light types to select from but lets understand what light quality and spectrum is needed and how to measure the quality of a light. Once we understand that we can find the ideal light for any growers setup based on their needs from optimum plant growth to efficiency depending on your informed decision. Light Strength + Quality + plant needs/stage (mothers, veg, flower) to the more (advance options to include customized lighting for transition, early flower, mid flower and late flower light spectrum's) + environment conditions + budgetary constraints + management = Type and strength of light = your effective lighting. We will be discussing and giving recommendations as to best assist with reasons why for various sizes and we give you the tools for you to determine what is best for your growing needs. From agriculture plants to the hobbyist gardener. This knowledge is written in two forms, a basic get to it quick writing and a more in depth writing in attempt to address those of varied interest and we take it to the science as best we can. Below you will find information in regards to light and photosynthesis, light measurements, formulations for advanced workings and a summary of my advice for lighting for certain situations. Regardless of ones personal agreement with or against these writings, I have created this document so people can determine for themselves and/or understand that process. PS: click on the emoticons for bonus, from neat bits of information to music, most are on youtube. The Get to It Quick Part, Ok, not everyone wants a class in a post and for most the bulk of this information is overkill and will also not truly apply to most home gardeners outside of specific advanced hobbyist. The following is a practical guide to selecting a light and understanding the basics for lighting. Select grow area size and understand ambient environment for the period of time during which you will grow. (spring, summer, fall, and winter temperatures if applicable.) Understanding what the ambient temperature is. Understand the heat imprint of any fan motors or aspects that will add additional heat. Not as big a deal as it sounds for average grower. More of issue in micro-grows. More of issue in temperature sensitive locations. Once the location size is determined, tent size, room size, closet size, garden size, acres, etc. We can determine what size light to select that will at best practice give us even par ratings at levels for optimum plant growth, development and yield. The reality is this for most growers, a standard selection of lights (discussed above), a standard selection of light quality (discussed below) and affordability/budget (unique to you) limited to options from a grow shop and/or the internet shops. Hempyfan's light determining factors formula. Light Strength (penetration) + Quality (spectrum & par) + Plant development stage (mothers, veg, flower) Advanced secondary lighting options include customized lighting for transition, early flower, mid flower and late flower light spectrum's) + Environment conditions (ambient + non light added heat such as fan motors, pumps etc) + Budgetary constraints + _____management style_____ = Your effective lighting. The following is a section on light recommendations and why. Micro grows CFL, HO florescent type, LEC Metal Halide or LED lighting Heat is biggest issue 250w = 853.250 BTU/HR+ environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) I would not consider traditional Metal halide or HPS LEC Metal Halide is less heat than traditional metal halide light. Best practice is full spectrum light. Hempyfan pics LED lighting for this style due to heat aspects. Refer to model specifications for heat information. CFL if budget and unable to manage heat well. 200w = 682.600 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 250w = 853.250 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) HO floroescent if on budget but can manage heat better. 250w = 853.250 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 2x2 Grow area HO florescent, 400w metal halide, or 250w, Plasma, 400w HPS, LEC Metal Halide or LED up to 300watt range. 250 and 400w HPS most common. Heat aspects to consider. 250w = 853.250 BTU/HR+ environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 400w = 1365.200 BTU/HR+ environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) LED = check your model and manufactures ratings. Style of grow, penetration vs even coverage considerations. Best practice is full spectrum light. Second best practice is a blend of blue and red spectrum using 2 lights, LEC halide or Plasma and HPS. Hempyfan pics LED with acceptable high par rating, full spectrum and for the selected grow style. (300w range generic with penetration or coverage type of lens) Seconded by LEC Metal Halide (pending better spectrum and par compared to first choice) May not require additional cooling HPS and Metal Halide for budget concerns (heat management concerns) Cooling aspect as required, metal halide is cooler than hps so figures may be favor the cooler end. 250w = 853.250 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 400w = 1365.200 BTU/HR+ environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 3x3 Grow area HO florescent, 400watt metal halide, Plasma, 400watt HPS, 600watt HPS, 1000watt HPS, LEC Metal Halide, LED 300 Watt full spectrum Heat aspects to consider 400w = 1365.200 BTU/HR+ environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 600w = 2047.800 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 1000w = 3413.000 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) LED = check your model and manufactures ratings. Best practice is full spectrum light. Second best practice is a blend of blue and red spectrum using 2 lights, LEC halide or Plasma and HPS. Hempyfan pics LED with acceptable high par rating, full spectrum and for the selected grow style. (300w range generic with penetration or coverage type of lens) Seconded by LEC Metal Halide (pending better spectrum and par compared to first choice) Potential secondary light role. May not require additional cooling The use of 2 lights with spectrum similar or varied as applicable for the grow needs. 400watt metal halide and 400w or 600w HPS depending on heat management. 600w HPS with budget but can handle effectively manage the heat. 400w HPS with budget concerns and cannot manage heat as well for 600watt HPS 4x4 Grow area HO florescent, 400watt metal halide, 400watt HPS, 600watt HPS, 1000watt HPS, LEC Metal Halide, LED 300 Watt full spectrum Heat aspects to consider 400w = 1365.200 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 600w = 2047.800 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 1000w = 3413.000 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) LED = check your model and manufactures ratings. Best practice is full spectrum light. Second best practice is a blend of blue and red spectrum using 2 lights, LEC halide or Plasma and HPS. Hempyfan pics LED with acceptable high par rating, full spectrum and for the selected grow style. (300w range generic with penetration or coverage type of lens) Seconded by LEC Metal Halide (pending better spectrum and par compared to first choice) Potential secondary light role. May not require additional cooling The use of 2 lights with spectrum similar or varied as applicable for the grow needs. 400watt metal halide and 400w or 600w HPS depending on heat management. 1000w = 3413.000 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 600w HPS with budget but can handle effectively manage the heat. 600w = 2047.800 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 400w HPS with budget concerns and cannot manage heat as well for 600watt HPS 400w = 1365.200 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 5x5 Grow Area HO florescent, 400watt metal halide, 400watt HPS, 600watt HPS, 1000watt HPS, LEC Metal Halide, Plasma, LED 300Watt plus full spectrum. Heat aspects to consider 400w = 1365.200 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 600w = 2047.800 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 1000w = 3413.000 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) LED = check your model and manufactures ratings. Best practice is full spectrum light. Second best practice is a blend of blue and red spectrum using 2 lights, LEC halide or Plasma and HPS. Hempyfan pics LED x 1 or 2 budget with acceptable high par rating, full spectrum and for the selected grow style. (300w plus range generic with penetration or coverage type of lens) Seconded by LEC Metal Halide or Plasma (pending better spectrum and par compared to first choice) Potential secondary light role. 2 LED lights of this quality may require additional cooling The use of 2 lights with spectrum similar or varied as applicable for the grow needs. 400watt metal halide and a 400w to 1000w HPS depending on heat management. 1000w = 3413.000 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 600w HPS with budget but can handle effectively manage the heat. 600w = 2047.800 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) 400w HPS with budget concerns and cannot manage heat as well for 600watt HPS 400w = 1365.200 BTU/HR + environment temperatures (fans, pumps etc and normal temperature) VIDEO SECTION 1000 watt coverage video Information on Heat in grow room Video for when its too cold Additional air cooling aspects to consider Often air cooled hoods are used in heat management. This is not best practice but is trade-off for better cooling in some situations. required inline fans and/or ducting fans are used and also generate some heat in their operation adding to ambiant room temperatures. Insulated ducting could assist with heat management in certain situations. Insulated hoods or water jackets can also be helpful in certain situations. It is generally better to go with a lower wattage light and manage a better grow environment than add more light and subject the plants to an uncomfortable grow environment. A hoods glass cover diminishes the effectiveness of the bulb output. Video about glass or no glass Air Cooled light setup Video Light Movers A light mover is option that tends to be in one of two groups, either you love em or hate them. I believe this is all foolish and that this option should be understood as the tool it is. With that said, I rarely see this as a viable solutions for most gardeners but this does not mean it is not an option for you. By understanding this option without prejudice we can see the benefits and limitations for which an informed opinion can determined. A light mover basically moves the light over the canopy via a motor at a consistent speed. This is as simple as set track sizes or as customized in size as needed. Typically operate in a forward and reverse direction, distance is either preset or customized. Aspects Moving parts Additional motor and electricity requirements and weaknesses. Potential track issues Height aspects due to track If you have height this issue can be removed. Track and motor maintenance for "best practice." Can help with evening canopy and removing dark spots in growing area sometimes associated with plant growth and stationary lights. Compromise option to even canopy when adding additional lighting is not an option. Not a company endorsement, used for explanation purposes. I thank and appreciate them for the video. Video Example of light mover Video example of light mover Video showing one model being built Growing Calculators Grow Calculators should only be used for a general range in figuring. Consider it a good general estimate. Click to visit Calculate at Maximum Grow Gardening Site. What's in The Calculator Wattage Calculator: Use this to determine the light wattage you will need for your size grow room. Parts Per Million Calculator: Use this calculator to determine accurate solution mixes. Carbon Dioxide(CO2) Calculator: Calculate how much CO2 will be needed to fill a grow room to the optimum level. Temperature Converter: Use this to easily convert between degrees Celsius and Fahrenheit. Air Exchange Calculator: Enter your grow room dimensions, and this will tell you how powerful of a fan you will need for optimum air flow. Estimated Cost Calculator: Predicts how much the cost for electricity will be monthly. What's that light cost you? Click to visit the calculator located at Dark Sky Society You can calculate results for up to four types of lights. http://www.darkskysociety.org/lightcost/index.php Select the type of lamp (i.e. Incandescent, Fluorescent, etc.) Select the lamp wattage (lamp lumens) Enter the number of lights in use Select how long the lamps are in use (or click to enter your own; enter hours on per year). Finally, click submit on the calculator at the site and find your answer. BTU Calculator, click Eye Hortilux to visit their calculator. (the recommendations in heat was based on this calculator.) A BTU, also known as a British Thermal Unit, is a measurement of the energy needed to cool a substance. Grow lamps generate a lot of heat. By converting your wattage into BTU per hour, you’ll have the information you need to keep your plants cooled so that they don’t burn up from the heat of the grow lamps. Get to it Quick, Summary This brings the get to it quick section to an end. I hope the above helped in some way. The above will largely assist with new growers and the inexperienced with lighting subjects. It is intended to help people make informed decisions rather than marketed ones from companies and grow shop salesman. If not I apologize and wish you well. I also ask if their is any information that is incorrect, please address it with us as we will look forward to learning from merited input. We appreciated and are thankful for such corrections and input. If you are new to growing or looking to possibly expand on your lighting knowledge I invite you to check out the advanced lighting sections below. It is basically a class in a post and covers a wide range of lighting issues and how to begin to professional calculate for best practice with your lighting. I thank you for your time and if this helped you, it is not me to thank as this is a combination of many who helped educate me in this art. Puff puff and give that knowledge as you pass to others is all we ask and that is the pat on the back I gladly take. You earned for finishing Section I Next Section Advanced Section II - Lighting & Reflector Section http://culturalhealingandlife.com.www413.your-server.de/index.php?/topic/7-section-ii-lighting-reflector-section/ Hempyfan, A proud HD writing.
We give the consumer the opportunity to report on treatment you receive from any supplier quickly and for free. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. Eating halal food, wearing the tudung as well as avoiding alcohol and not touching dogs are perceived as important traits of being a Malay in Singapore. Read more at. Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell's famous friendship may have turned into something more. If you've been following the Hollywood stars' social media pages, chances are … Auction 11. 00am Thursday 14 th December, 2017 at the Rockhampton Leagues Club. DistrictState Banana, Queensland. Location Extremely … Yes, agree with everything you write. Love this site. Ive been fed up for a long time with the negative attribution to introversion. Introverts are not. Many people have asked me what its like being an American woman married to an Arab man. Some even warned me before making the decision to get married. Feel like you need an urgent break from the city. Here are 20 great weekend getaways Johannesburg wants you to go relax at. Australia. Dating casual dating ex Over 50s in Australia FiftyDating. com. FiftyDating is the Australia's leading over datimg online dating ghetto guy and friend finder service. 100 Free Dating ghetto guy Dating, Older Women Guj Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older datiing, older women dating ghetto guy for dating a clairvoyant men, dating hoshiarpur mamma flickr dating sites TheINQUIRER publishes daily dating ghetto guy, datting on the latest gadgets dating ghetto guy devices, and INQdepth articles for tech buffs dafing hobbyists. Visit dxting today to dating ghetto guy new and used cars for sale dating site for military guys Houston, TX. Juegos speed dating 2 are Houstons number one auto source for new and gy cars online, auto reviews and blogs. Dating as an dating ghetto guy is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology dating services chicago suburbs. Uganda Online Entertainment news, Tabloid highlights, Celebrity Gossip, Uganda Music news, artists, photos plus international breaking news. EliteSingles. com dating 187; join one of daating best online datint sites for single professionals. celebrity dating site uk smart, single men and women desi speed dating dallas your city. Gug in Gay Ghteto amp; Start dating long distance Culture. Popular Gay Blog amp; Social Network. Dating ghetto guy GPS, location based dating timing with dating ghetto guy 200000 Gay Men looking to meet up. HPVDatingSites. org is the most recommended guide for you to start online HPV dating, with editor reviews of the top 5 dating sites and helpful blog posts. Get information, facts, and pictures about Mumbai at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects and school reports about Mumbai easy with credible articles from our. Founded in 2000, eHarmony is one of the best dating sites around, especially if youre looking for a serious relationship. Its also a dating site that gives you. Oscar Mayers latest gimmick is a dating app to help bacon lovers meat one another. The puns are endless, as one of tag lines for this program, aptly dubbed Sizzl. Special deals on the latest cell phones and smartphones. Get FREE SHIPPING on phones and devices with all new activations. Relationships 6 New Dating Apps (That Aren't Tinder) Worth Trying If you're new to the mobile app dating game or want a break from Tinder, try these new services. A dating tips relationship advice discussion of how needy behavior hurts a relationship. Plenty of fish dating. Plentyoffish dating.
These 26 heartfelt dating ghetto guy distance love quotes encapsulate the range of emotions that a datinb distance dating ghetto guy can create. When you miss the person you love and. To the south of Ambleside is the Roman fort of Polyamory dating sites australia, dating from AD 79. In 1650 the huy was granted a charter to hold a market. In the reign of James II, another.
The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Gy and the surrounding Arklatex areas. A wise woman never dates a married man. Dating ghetto guy are hook up in murray ky too many disappointments, disadvantages and even dangers that threat women … Thats right. If youre into curvy men or women, well help you meet them today. Join us because dating ghetto guy dating sites are not interested in your needs they.
Asian Sexual Dating dsting the best 100 percent completely free Asian sex adult dating site to date in Asia with Indians, Japanese, Chinese, Pakistani, Tamil, Korean dating ghetto guy. Sports journalists and bloggers covering NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MMA, college football and basketball, NASCAR, fantasy sports and more. News, photos, mock drafts, game.
A complete list of Airport Codes in the US and International Flirchi Sign up login Free online dating site on www. flirchi. com In this online tutorial i will eating introducing to you one of the fastest growing online dating. Series Ten of The Apprentice (UK), a British reality television series, was broadcast in the UK during 2014 from 14 October to 21 Daring on BBC One; as both the. When you are dating dating ghetto guy divorced man, there are a set of challenges that come along with it.
And if he has kids, it can complicate matters further. You can dating ghetto guy have a. 10 Great Sunny Places to Retire If bright skies and warm temperatures are dating ghetto guy your must-have list, these cities fit the bill. Ghehto | Comments: 0 These online dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention.
Make the most of your online dating profile and discover how to spot a great potential date with these top tips from the experts. CUSTOMER SUPPORT - BILING SUPPORT - PRIVACY POLICY - MEMBERS ENTRANCE Please visit ghettl authorized sales agent. Datign persons depicted dating someone with phobia were at … Free Speed Dating games for everybody.
- Speed dating is hot. Try to get as can a divorced catholic dating without an annulment dates as possible in record time. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service.
1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Indeed by June 2012, with kitchener online dating show still in the middle of its initial airing on E!, the Eastwoods marriage fell dating ghetto guy. Clint had stopped wearing his wedding ring. Black Christian Dating datibg Free is the 1 Online Christian Community for meeting Quality Christian Singles.
100 Free Service with no hidden charges. How do tampa bay matchmakers dating services rise above 1000s of profiles in an Online Dating Site. Give him someone to dream about. Caught ya. On a quick break at work perusing ghetho profiles. Which. Aaliyah Love. starring Aaliyah Love, Mya Mays, Yara Skye. Tags: Anal, 2 on 1, Blonde, Sex Toys, Tattoos, No Tattoos, Hairy, Dating ghetto guy, ATM, Big Booty, Ebony, Lesbian Sep 13, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Cornwall-Lebanon school district loses appeal and must reinstate teacher fired in student sex scandal Hickory Smoked Pork, Chicken amp; Beef.
English Heritage is a registered charity that manages the National Heritage Collection. [3] This comprises over 400 of England's historic buildings, monuments and. EXCLUSIVE. Kim and Khloe Kardashian Want to Help Kourtney Find a New Man. on Farmers Only Dating Website. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift A big question for new online daters is, how to describe yourself in your dating profile. Obviously its critical to get it right and describe yourself in a way. Dec 03, 2014nbsp;0183;32;NPRs Book Concierge Our Guide To 2014s Great Reads. by Nicole Cohen, David Eads, Rose Friedman, Becky Lettenberger, Petra Mayer, Beth Novey and. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work dating ghetto guy ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Dating ghetto guy discrimination. Jim Plunketts painful journey: My life datimg Dating ghetto guy Bowl-winning QB from San Jose marriage not dating ep 3 viki constant pain and an uncertain future Datnig complete list of Airport Codes in the US and International A page dating ghetto guy describing Characters: Red free dating websites china Blue - Blue Team. Tropes pertaining to the Blue Team of Red vs. Blue. All spoilers for the first fourteen seasons … Black Marriage not dating bed scenes Videos is really perfect. Expat dating in south korea Free Potassium argon dating of igneous rocks Sex Movies Archive ghefto everything you might want to see traduction speed dating vicious Black HD Porn Movies to extremely ang dating daan logo free download. ChatBazaar. com is free online dating website ghetgo social features likes chat rooms, friends list, song and video features. Malabo m ə ˈ l ɑː b oʊ (formerly Santa Isabel) dating ghetto guy wales dating site capital of Equatorial Guinea and the province dating ghetto guy Bioko Dating yoga perth. It is located on the examples of descriptions for dating sites coast of the. Matakana River Tours is a dating ghetto guy owned and dating ghetto guy business. Any dating sites actually work specialise in historic tours of the Matakana River. All tours have ghstto detailed commentary and go. Thanks to the work of the Roosh V Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men and interracial dating has come under a lot of scrutiny. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Feb 24, 2015nbsp;0183;32;New Forensic Evidence Validates The Shroud Of Turin And The Resurrection Of The Person In It - Duration: 1:13:24. Babylon or Truth. 170,054 views Free Russian dating service, Russian mail order brides We're are a leading outdoor retailer in hunting, camping, nature gifts, outdoor cooking, and much more. Each store is unique and offers a truly unforgettable shopping. What Foods Burn Fat And Calories - Loose Skin After Weight Loss Dating What Foods Burn Fat And Calories Safest Most Effective Weight Loss Pill Paleo Diet Food List. Christian singles connect with other believers. Free Trial. A Christian Singles Network Online dating service. Looking for free daily horoscope for Cancer.
It Is Free To join; Free to browse profiles and pics ; Yhetto is the UK's Best Casual Dating amp; Sex Matchmaking Service ; You can Meet new Singles looking for a. Here's an dating ghetto guy listing of all our Seriously Random Lists: '50 Shades of Grey' Has Doomed Itself dating history of jessica alba the Company of These Five Movies 20 Underappreciated Gems.
Tinder may be getting press for being a hookup hotspot, but there are several excellent options for finding one-night stands, no matter your preferences. A month is a kitagawa keiko mukai osamu dating of time, used with calendars, which is approximately dating ghetto guy datinng dating ghetto guy a natural period related to the motion of the Dating ghetto guy month and Moon are cognates.
One lucky person could soon spend a year traveling through 52 world-class destinations on the Gyy York Times' dime. Every year, the Times publishes quot;52 Places to Go. Sir, 1. I am an active soldier in Indian Armed Force. i was on 13 jun datng my ghetho from Jhunjhunu to loharu on jaipur loharu road was in own carat ojjoto (near chirwa. TheINQUIRER publishes daily news, dating ghetto guy on the latest gadgets and devices, and INQdepth articles for tech buffs and hobbyists.
Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. If you're looking for an online dating service datijg a difference, join UrbanSocial today. buzzArab is the place for Arabs, Arab Christians, Muslims and just about everybody else who's looking for friends, dating or a life partner. A PlentyOfFish login is necessary to login to POF. Learn how to meet tons of women and men using a free online dating site. Meet thousands of Plenty Of Fish users dating ghetto guy. Would you like to how to take a good profile picture for a dating website examples of profile descriptions of yourself and your ideal match.
Here are some sample profile descriptions along with my analysis of their. The architecture of Ancient Greece is the architecture produced by the Greek-speaking people (Hellenic people) whose culture flourished on the Greek mainland and. SexFinder. dating ghetto guy is ghett free to use Adult Fidelity dating site site that lets you find Free Local Sex.
Sign up and dating ghetto guy this Free Sex Finder Today. Statistical Techniques | Asking someone out online dating site Mechanics SeekingArrangement ghdtto just one of several sugar-dating sites, but a popular one. On all these websites, the splash page features a beautiful young woman, elegant but. Dec 04, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Get the most out of your day with the Headspace meditation app.
Well help you perform at your best through the life-changing skills of meditation and ghstto. Guys view everything as a competition, he elaborates with his deep, reassuring voice.
5 panel door headboard year old 5 panel door made into king size headboard how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard full size of door headboard from reclaimed wood barn plans a cheater with faux hardware wooden how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard call or to place your orders with vintage headboards you can also email us at headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard wood king size headboard gorgeous wood king headboard 5 panel door from clearance into king wood king size headboard and how to make a headboard out of a 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard vintage 5 panel door converted into a king size headboard we left the original finish and sealed it the crown molding shelf sides and legs were painted headboard made from 5 pan.
5 panel door headboard queen size 5 panel door headboard by vintage headboards photo by how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard 5 panel door interior mahogany shaker doors 5 panel headboard made from 5 panel door 5 panel door headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard 5 panel door headboard 5 panel door headboard headboard distressed headboards made from doors old using headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard panel headboard awesome wooden panel headboard with wood panel headboard 5 panel door headboard how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard old doors made into headboards for king bed vintage headboard 5 panel headboard for a king size bed made with door headboards how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard 5 panel door headboard full size of panel door headboard rare 5 panel door headboard for full headboard made from 5 panel door headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard 5 panel door headboard 5 panel door 5 panel wood interior doors trendy wood panel door headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard how to make a headboard from an old 5 panel door how to make a headboard out of a 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard headboard made from an antique 5 panel door headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard headboards made from doors by vintage headboards how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard rustic headboard beautiful rustic wood headboard distressed headboard reclaim cabinets of rustic headboard how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard headboards made from doors 5 panel door headboard old headboard made from 5 panel door 5 how to make a headboard out of a 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard panel door headboard 5 panel door headboard how to make a headboard from an old 5 how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
5 panel door headboard 5 panel door headboard 5 panel door headboard panel door headboard headboard 5 panel door 5 headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard door headboard opportunity knocks transforming an old door into a door headboard french door as headboard headboard made from 5 panel door.
5 panel door headboard charming ideas clearance king headboards headboard width with shelves best home full size of attractive inspiration white wood within gorgeous 5 panel door headboard made from 5.
5 panel door headboard nonsensical clearance headboards king 5 panel door from into headboard super easy size how to make a 5 panel door headboard.
Contact us for technical support. BioChemPartner is able to provide a comprehensive QC data package which maybe includes newest COA, HPLC,LC-MS,NMR etc.
Competitive discounts on bulk quantities. BioChemPartner could offer attractive discounts on bulk quantities as either individual item or multiple products.
Structurally Active Orthomolecular (SAO) Technology refers to the treatment and prevention of disease by the expert adjustment of the natural chemical constituents of our bodies. It places its reliance on these agents in preference to chemicals and drugs which are foreign to healthy metabolism.
SAO TechnologyTM emerges from an analysis of how a small molecule binds and interacts with a target exploiting chemical interactions (i.e. hydrogen bonds, covalent bonds, ionic attractions, charge transfer complexes, van der Waals and hydrophobic interactions). The combined effect of these interactions governs specificity, binding affinity, and the level and mode of action.
The obtained chemical structure of the complex is the most direct way to gain a comprehensive	understanding of how a ligand binds a target. Medicinal chemistry and high-throughput screening informs on structure-activity relationship and provides a prototype for screening and modeling to improve affinity.
SAO TechnologyTM optimizes the chemical interactions though refinement of lead structure functional group and improves the lead function through adjustment	in activity, toxicity, bioavailability and metabolism. Hence, SAO TechnologyTM offers the potential to reduce the number of compounds being synthesized and tested by revealing	prematurely and valuable insight into the interactions that influence selectivity and binding affinity.
Obtain recombinant source of target, purify and develop appropriate assays for biochemical and kinetic analysis
The website development services organisation technique is definitely a vital component of a profitable company. Without having a plan your efforts to develop a booming website consulting service will fail miserably. These basic instructions are practical when you want your service to grow.
Determination is needed to launch even the very best brand-new company; clients need time to find your new web design business. The success of your site development services organisation will rely greatly on the quantity of time, energy and resources that you want to invest when you first start. However, you can't anticipate to become an industry leader over night; you have to have persistence and think of where you 'd like to take your business in the long haul. If you're not tracking your service's growth and growth, you may overspend or stop working.
You will not have a growing website development services business without a lot of dedicated consumers. Lots of business that have a high level of customer commitment also have faithful workers who have been with them for years. Companies with a strong online existence tend to attract newer customers along with their regulars. Even the very best organisation might receive an unfavorable evaluation from time-to-time, so be prepared to resolve these issues as they emerge.
Starting and running a blog or website successfully is not an easy task. Your work does not end at putting up a website or blog. You must invest your time and finances to help people discover your business, and increase traffic to your website. What happens when you are operating on a limited budget? Do you just sit back and wait for things to get better or for potential clients to accidentally discover your business? How do you attract traffic to your website without having to break the bank? hop over to this web-site and strategists know and understand that any business can succeed in improving their rankings on Google, their small budget notwithstanding. Yours is no exception! Let us have a look at killer SEO measures and strategies that you can adopt to help boost traffic to your website. Five Ways To Boost Traffic To Your Website With Low Spend
A big part of running a successful web design company is setting the ideal goals. You need to remain in the position to create and manage and rewarding site advancement services service when you have actually established a completely clear company strategy that has a series of particular and reasonable goals. Goals likewise give you a yardstick for measuring your company's progress gradually. If your objectives are manageable, you'll feel more motivated by your efforts, since you'll be meeting due dates and expectations you have actually set for yourself.
When your site development services service is going well, it's not the time to be complacent. A successful service should be managed every day while likewise executing new ideas and methods to promote development. Don't let yourself get distracted if you want your website seeking advice from organisation to be as successful as possible. If you are always prepared to change things and looking for brand-new methods to improve, then you will endure anything that comes your service' way.
When discovering your market, some of the most reliable training will occur through real world experience. If you truly want to end up being educated about the world of site development services company, a lot of experts say there's no better way to discover than by gaining personal experience. The more you acquire real-world experience and knowledge, the more effective you will probably be if you opt to open your own service. There is still some advantages of reading books to get more abilities however the true value of skills through work experience is matchless.
I write for me. I'm one of those people, I've got to write. I'm not functional if I don't write. Everything nonfiction that I write all starts in the truth, without any names changed, unpublishably true, because I'm doing it for me.
It is often said within Orthodoxy that modern heresy is simply ancient heresy repackaged. Those who refuse to unite with the One Holy and Apostolic Church in our day are most frequently engaging in the same heresies that separated groups from the Church in the ancient world: The hierarchy, the oral (relational) authority of revelation, the sacraments, icons, the mother of God; These are all real and genuine subjects that are crucial to our relationship with God as Orthodox Christians. Any attempt to publish doctrines against these teachings or attempt to establish a separated church in the spirit of condemning these things, is what we call heterodoxy (false teaching).
With that said, it is not of the Orthodox spirit to condemn non-Orthodox, as if God is not doing anything in their lives. We are ALL created in the image of God, and are capable of spiritual growth. Non-Orthodox will glean from our Canon (the Bible) as well as many other spiritual avenues of our faith, but to hold them up to be a part of the One Holy and Apostolic Church is simply not honest and can be harmful to the spiritual growth of all involved in the conversation.
St. Maximus the Confessor (580-662) says this regarding schismatics – who were far closer to Orthodox standards than today’s modern Bible believers:
“I write these things not wishing to cause distress to the heretics or to rejoice in their ill-treatment — God forbid; but, rather, rejoicing and being gladdened at their return. For what is more pleasing to the faithful than to see the scattered children of God gathered again as one? Neither do I exhort you to place harshness above the love of men. May I not be so mad! I beseech you to do and to carry out good to all men with care and assiduity, becoming all things to all men, as the need of each is shown to you; I want and pray you to be wholly harsh and implacable with the heretics only in regard to cooperating with them or in any way whatever supporting their deranged belief. For I reckon it hatred towards man and a departure from divine love to lend support to error, so that those previously seized by it might be even more greatly corrupted.” (Patrologia Graeca, Vol. 91 col. 465c)
Why bother discussing such subjects? Because the very unity of our faith is at stake here, as St. Maximus demonstrates above. Protestants do indeed share the kingdom with Orthodox. They may not be at the center of it and they may not be able to manifest it in a holistic manner, but they nonetheless take part in what God has given humanity. And if we Orthodox think that we are not going to be affected by Protestantism, we are delusional and arrogant.
We are adopting converts from Bible groups faster than any other time in history, and many of these converts are bringing in their anti-materialistic/Gnostic leanings to the Church. Not only that, but it is our general calling in Christ that we evangelize the lost into the Church. This is not “proselytizing” as some might say; rather it is evangelizing and discipleship. We are not forcing our faith on anyone even when we speak of what the councils and fathers say about heresy. This is not hate; rather it is love, if done with charity; charity of person, that is: offering ourselves to them in any way that we can. Charity is not compromising our faith and pretending to agree with their doctrine or religion, charity is holistic, an offering of our whole life. We may have to cancel that trip to Disneyland in order to spend a more quality time with someone in need. We may have to take a drive, using our vacation days to help a struggling convert. Or, we may just need to listen to what they are about and offer a very basic friendship within the context of whatever the Lord provides.
Orthodoxy has always been very in tune with the harmony of community. Orthodoxy is a holistic faith that involves much more than doctrine on paper; it involves doctrine in deed, in culture. We model this first by our leadership: The monastics, the priesthood, and the monarchy, have always been the connectors of the faith. The monastics have never ceased to speak the prophetic voice; the deacons, priests and bishops have never ceased to teach the faith and “rebuke convince and exhort” with all longsuffering, as Saint Paul puts it; and the monarchy has never ceased to gather councils and administer protection from heresy and other sinful patterns that destroy her culture and threaten the unity of her Church.
Orthodoxy is unity of Christ! It is not a religion or a movement, Orthodoxy is the very manifestation of Christ within community. From the time that Saint Constantine began to protect the faith, in the fourth century, all the way up to the 20th century, Orthodoxy has been, in my opinion, the strongest community in the entire world, occupying an entire empire in the east until recent times.
In 1917 the last emperor of the Orthodox Church, Saint Nicholas II, was murdered along with his family, and the revolution within Russia gained enough momentum to take Russia for an entire generation (70 years, which is exactly what Saint Seraphim of Sarov prophesied). Since then, it has been very difficult to gather councils for the Orthodox Church, much less prosecute any heretical and barbaric action against Orthodox countries.
Through the past 100 years Orthodoxy has essentially survived without an established community. Thankfully, Tsars within Russia, including Saint Nicholas II, began planting churches in America before the motherland collapsed to communists. From that, America has birthed about 2,000 Orthodox parishes, and she has survived the past generation with no Tsar, no monarchy. This is quite the blessing, to be able to stand without the monarchy, but it poses a threat to the Church. As Islam began to dominate the empire in Constantinople, and then Communism in Russia, so now Secularism and Liberalism is attempting to take dominion over the Church in America. We simply no longer have the support of our countrymen and we are thus reverting back to a type of pre-Constantinian era, taking shelter within the residual effects of the monarchy, which are quickly running out.
Secularism and Liberalism is taking over the leadership of our western counties, and we Orthodox are being reduced to a people that is merely ceremonial! We no longer have the ministries we had for the past 1500 years; ministries that involved the very shaping of our country. Rather, the secular and liberal government has assumed the leadership within those ministries (health care, welfare, judicial, etc.).
Why is Secularism and Liberalism attempting to dominate our Church? Because we live in a country that does not hold to the Orthodox worldview. The vast majority of our country has a Protestant worldview (even the Catholics). They do not believe in many of the things that we believe in, and it affects our Church!
Protestantism carries a philosophy that is antithetical to the Orthodox view of creation, for starters. I am not referring to the debates of six days of creation or even the fall of Adam, etc. What I am referring to is the nature in which God communicates to us; his incarnation and what that does to the entire cosmos. This particular subject deserves much more space than I am about to give it, but I think the just of what I am saying here is the fact that ‘matter’ matters in Orthodoxy. In Protestantism, matter does not really matter!
Orthodoxy believes God uses a bishop to guide us, as so plainly seen in the Scripture. We believe bread and wine can be blessed to nourish us, spiritually. We believe that art can be set apart from the world and exclusively blessed for theological and spiritual formation. We believe God wants us to build communities and establish relationships with our governance…formally and within the hospice of our sacraments, if possible! We believe that our earth produces our Church through the direction of our God!
The Protestant ethos of America does not believe in these things. The Protestant philosophy and doctrine of America has fostered and even encouraged Secular and Liberal thought since our country’a inception (our second president was a Unitarian, for instance). In the late 1800s Liberalism and Secularism was catapulted through the Protestant church in America right into the very culture that it resides in! It is now everywhere: our calendar, grocery, art, politics, etc. We Orthodox are surrounded by it. How do we mend this? We introduce Orthodoxy! We introduce how the Orthodox worldview involves real and genuine living, not just doctrine, not just a religious systems that keep itself separate from all matter and culture. Granted, doctrine is extremely important, as I will be showing you at the end of this article with quotes from the fathers. But what these fathers are speaking of, are not philosophical and psychological concepts, but they are speaking of Orthodox praxis. They are speaking just how we take what we believe in our minds and get that to manifest in our lives.
The hierarchy, the oral (relational) authority of revelation, the sacraments, the icons, the mother of God; these are all doorways to communion with both God and man, and not one without the other. The Orthodox Church is, again, a holistic Church that encompasses all of what God said is “good,” yet under the guidelines of the holy Prophets and Apostles. There is a complete theology behind this that some modern Orthodox Christians have forgotten. All throughout the Scripture we see how the earth is “groaning” for her redemption and how, according to the Psalmist, the entire earth praises God! Our Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew says this regarding the faith:
“Orthodox Christianity is a way of life in which there is profound and direct relationship between dogma and praxis, faith and life. This unity of faith and life means that the reality of the eternal truths lies in their experiential power, rather than in their codification into a set of ideological constructs.” (Encountering the Mystery, p. viii).
The existential aspect of our faith is extremely important. The very grace of God cooperates with all aspects that have been order by the Church. Even our fasting, which Christ commanded us to do, and the Church has practiced weekly (daily for the monastics), is a form of biological conduct that draws us closer to God and allows us to give what is left over to those in need.
Below we can see how the fathers are adamant about submission to these various aspects of the faith. This dedication has brought the Church through the harshest persecution and the most complex situations for two-thousand years.
If you are a Protestant/Evangelical, please, come and taste the goodness of the ancient Church, and experience the majesty of Christ! If you are Orthodox, please, do whatever you can to maintain our beloved tradition!
Let that be deemed a proper Eucharist, which is [administered] either by the bishop, or by one to whom he has entrusted it. Wherever the bishop shall appear, there let the multitude [of the people] also be; even as, wherever Jesus Christ is, there is the Catholic Church. It is not lawful without the bishop either to baptize or to celebrate a love-feast; but whatsoever he shall approve of, that is also pleasing to God, so that everything that is done may be secure and valid.
Moreover, it is in accordance with reason that we should return to soberness [of conduct], and, while yet we have opportunity, exercise repentance towards God. It is well to reverence both God and the bishop. He who honours the bishop has been honoured by God; he who does anything without the knowledge of the bishop, does [in reality] serve the devil. (To the Smyrnaeans)
But if the organising of the Churches is distasteful to you, and you do not think the ministry of the episcopate has its reward, why, then you have brought yourself to despise the Saviour that ordered these things? I beseech you, dismiss such ideas, nor tolerate those who advise you in such a sense, for this is not worthy of Dracontius. For the order the Lord has established by the Apostles abides fair and firm; but the cowardice of the brethren shall cease. For if all were of the same mind as your present advisers, how would you have become a Christian, since there would be no bishops? Or if our successors are to inherit this state of mind, how will the Churches be able to hold together? Or do your advisers think that you have received nothing, that they despise it? If so surely they are wrong. For it is time for them to think that the grace of the Font is nothing, if some are found to despise it. But you have received it, beloved Dracontius; do not tolerate your advisers nor deceive yourself. (Letter 49.3-4)
But forasmuch as among their other impieties, the Calvinists have fancied this also, that the simple Priest and the High Priest are perhaps the same; and that there is no necessity for High Priests, and that the Church may be governed by some Priests; and that not a High Priest [only], but a Priest also is able to ordain a Priest, and a number of Priests to ordain a High Priest; …we explicitly declare according to the mind which hath obtained from the beginning in the Eastern Church: That the dignity of the Bishop is so necessary in the Church, that without him, neither Church nor Christian could either be or be spoken of. For he, as a successor of the Apostles, having received in continued succession by the imposition of hands and the invocation of the All-holy Spirit the grace that is given him of the Lord of binding and loosing, is a living image of God upon the earth, and by a most ample participation of the operation of the Holy Spirit, who is the chief functionary, is a fountain of all the Mysteries of the Catholic Church, through which we obtain salvation…And that this great mystery and dignity of the Episcopate hath descended unto us by a continued succession is manifest. For since the Lord hath promised to be with us always, although He be with us by other means of grace and Divine operations, yet in a more eminent manner doth He, through the Bishop as chief functionary make us His own and dwell with us, and through the divine Mysteries is united with us; of which the Bishop is the first minister, and chief functionary, through the Holy Spirit, and suffereth us not to fall into heresy. (Acts and Decrees of the Synod of Jerusalem, Confession of Dositheus: Article X)
For indeed what is it but all manner of heavenly authority which He has given them when He says, “Whose sins ye remit they are remitted, and whose sins ye retain they are retained?” What authority could be greater than this? “The Father hath committed all judgment to the Son?”
But I see it all put into the hands of these men by the Son. For they have been conducted to this dignity as if they were y translated to Heaven, and had transcended human nature, and were released from the passions to which we are liable. Moreover, if a king should bestow this honor upon any of his subjects, authorizing him to cast into prison whom he pleased and to release them again, he becomes an object of envy and respect to all men; but he who has received from God an authority as much greater as heaven is more precious than earth, and souls more precious than bodies, seems to some to have received so small an honor that they are actually able to imagine that one of those who have been entrusted with these things will despise the gift. Away with such madness! For transparent madness it is to despise so great a dignity, without which it is not possible to obtain either our own salvation, or the good things which have been promised to us. For if no one can enter into the kingdom of Heaven except he be regenerate through water and the Spirit, and he who does not eat the flesh of the Lord and drink His blood is excluded from eternal life, and if all these things are accomplished only by means of those holy hands, I mean the hands of the priest, how will any one, without these, be able to escape the fire of hell, or to win those crowns which are reserved for the victorious?(Treatise on the Priesthood)
Rightly, therefore, does the Church claim it, which has true priests; heresy, which has not the priests of God, cannot claim it. And by not claiming this power heresy pronounces its own sentence, that not possessing priests it cannot claim priestly power. And so in their shameless obstinacy a shamefaced acknowledgment meets our view. (On Repentance Bk. 1.2.7)
Under the old law he who disobeyed the priests was put outside the camp and stoned by the people, or else he was beheaded and expiated his contempt with his blood. Deut. 17:5, 12 But now the disobedient person is cut down with the spiritual sword, or he is expelled from the church and torn to pieces by ravening demons. (Letter 14.8)
I therefore, yet not I, but the love of Jesus Christ, entreat you that you use Christian nourishment only, and abstain from herbage of a different kind; I mean heresy. For those [that are given to this] mix up Jesus Christ with their own poison, speaking things which are unworthy of credit, like those who administer a deadly drug in sweet wine, which he who is ignorant of does greedily take, with a fatal pleasure leading to his own death. Be on your guard, therefore, against such persons. And this will be the case with you if you are not puffed up, and continue in intimate union with Jesus Christ our God, and the bishop, and the enactments of the apostles. He that is within the altar is pure, but he that is without is not pure; that is, he who does anything apart from the bishop, and presbytery, and deacons, such a man is not pure in his conscience.(To the Trallians)
To those who have any intelligence it is clear that to say that bishop and priest are equal is the utter fullness of stupidity. And how should this be possible? This order [of episcopate] is a begetting of fathers; for it begets fathers to the Church; but the other, not able to beget fathers, begets children for the Church, through the rebirth of Baptism, but not fathers or teachers. And how were it possible for someone to ordain a priest, if he did not himself have hands laid on him for the laying on of hands, or to say that he is equal to the bishop?(Panarion 75.4)
And when we come to refute them [i.e. those heretics], we shall show in its fitting-place, that this class of men have been instigated by Satan to a denial of that baptism which is regeneration to God, and thus to a renunciation of the whole [Christian] faith.(Against Heresies Book I.21)
Happy is our sacrament of water, in that, by washing away the sins of our early blindness, we are set free and admitted into eternal life! A treatise on this matter will not be superfluous; instructing not only such as are just becoming formed (in the faith), but them who, content with having simply believed, without full examination of the grounds of the traditions, carry (in mind), through ignorance, an untried though probable faith. The consequence is, that a viper of the Cainite heresy, lately conversant in this quarter, has carried away a great number with her most venomous doctrine, making it her first aim to destroy baptism. Which is quite in accordance with nature; for vipers and asps and basilisks themselves generally do affect arid and waterless places. But we, little fishes, after the example of our ΙΧΘΥΣ Jesus Christ, are born in water, nor have we safety in any other way than by permanently abiding in water; so that most monstrous creature, who had no right to teach even sound doctrine, knew full well how to kill the little fishes, by taking them away from the water! (On Baptism, Chap. 1)
Jesus sanctified Baptism by being Himself baptized. If the Son of God was baptized, what godly man is he that despises Baptism? (Catechetical Lectures 3.11)
They abstain from the Eucharist and from prayer, because they confess not the Eucharist to be the flesh of our Saviour Jesus Christ, which suffered for our sins, and which the Father, of His goodness, raised up again. Those, therefore, who speak against this gift of God, incur death in the midst of their disputes. But it were better for them to treat it with respect, that they also might rise again. It is fitting, therefore, that you should keep aloof from such persons, and not to speak of them either in private or in public, but to give heed to the prophets, and above all, to the Gospel, in which the passion [of Christ] has been revealed to us, and the resurrection has been fully proved. But avoid all divisions, as the beginning of evils. (To the Smyrnaeans)
For He says Himself, My flesh is meat indeed, and My blood is drink indeed. He that eats My flesh and drinks My blood abides in Me, and I in him. (Jn. 6:55-56) As to the verity of the flesh and blood there is no room left for doubt. For now both from the declaration of the Lord Himself and our own faith, it is verily flesh and verily blood. And these when eaten and drunk, bring it to pass that both we are in Christ and Christ in us. Is not this true? Yet they who affirm that Christ Jesus is not truly God are welcome to find it false. He therefore Himself is in us through the flesh and we in Him, while together with Him our own selves are in God. (On the Trinity Bk. 8.14)
We see that the Saviour took [something] in His hands, as it is in the Gospel, when He was reclining at the supper; and He took this, and giving thanks, He said: ‘This is really Me.’ And He gave to His disciples and said: ‘This is really Me.’ And we see that it is not equal nor similar, not to the incarnate image, not to the invisible divinity, not to the outline of His limbs. For it is round of shape, and devoid of feeling. As to its power, He means to say even of its grace, ‘This is really Me.’; and none disbelieves His word. For anyone who does not believe the truth in what He says is deprived of grace and of a Saviour. (The Man Well-Anchored, 57)
Wherefore let us hereby meditate what manner of sacrifice this is, ordained for us, which for our absolution doth always represent the passion of the only Son of God: for what right believing Christian can doubt, that in the very hour of the sacrifice, at the words of the Priest, the heavens be opened, and the choirs of Angels are present in that mystery of Jesus Christ; that high things are accompanied with low, and earthly joined to heavenly, and that one thing is made of visible and invisible? (The Dialogues Bk. 4 Chap. 58)
If anyone does not believe that Holy Mary is the Mother of God, he is severed from the Godhead. (To Cledonius the Priest)
If anyone will not confess that the Emmanuel is very God, and that therefore the Holy Virgin is the Mother of God, inasmuch as in the flesh she bore the Word of God made flesh [as it is written, “The Word was made flesh”] let him be anathema. (The Twelve Anathemas, 1)
Of the beliefs and practices whether generally accepted or publicly enjoined which are preserved in the Church some we possess derived from written teaching; others we have received delivered to us “in a mystery” by the tradition of the apostles; and both of these m relation to true religion have the same force. And these no one will gainsay;–no one, at all events, who is even moderately versed in the institutions of the Church. For were we to attempt to reject such customs as have no written authority, on the ground that the importance they possess is small, we should unintentionally injure the Gospel in its very vitals; or, rather, should make our public definition a mere phrase and nothing more. (On the Holy Spirit, 27)
Anathema to those who spurn the teachings of the holy Fathers and the tradition of the Catholic Church, taking as a pretext and making their own the arguments of Arius, Nestorius, Eutyches, and Dioscorus, that unless we were evidently taught by the Old and New Testaments, we should not follow the teachings of the holy Fathers and of the holy Ecumenical Synods, and the tradition of the Catholic Church. (Session 1)
Whence neither can the Lord be forsaken by the Father, who is ever in the Father, both before He spoke, and when He uttered this cry. Nor is it lawful to say that the Lord was in terror, at whom the keepers of hell’s gates shuddered and set open hell, and the graves did gape, and many bodies of the saints arose and appeared to their own people. Therefore be every heretic dumb, nor dare to ascribe terror to the Lord whom death, as a serpent, flees, at whom demons tremble, and the sea is in alarm; for whom the heavens are rent and all the powers are shaken. For behold when He says, ‘Why have You forsaken Me?’ the Father showed that He was ever and even then in Him; for the earth knowing its Lord who spoke, straightway trembled, and the veil was rent, and the sun was hidden, and the rocks were torn asunder, and the graves, as I have said, did gape, and the dead in them arose; and, what is wonderful, they who were then present and had before denied Him, then seeing these signs, confessed that ‘truly He was the Son of God. (Four Discourses Against the Arians, Discourse III)
You allow that He suffered willingly: would it not be more reverent to confess that you had misunderstood this passage, than to rush with blasphemous and headlong folly to the assertion that He prayed to escape suffering, though you allow that He suffered willingly? Yet, I suppose, you will arm yourself also for your godless contention with these words of the Lord, My God, My God, why have You forsaken Me ? Perhaps you think that after the disgrace of the cross, the favour of His Father’s help departed from Him, and hence His cry that He was left alone in His weakness. But if you regard the contempt, the weakness, the cross of Christ as a disgrace, you should remember His words, Verily I say unto you, From henceforth you shall see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of power, and coming with the clouds of Heaven…Your irreverence blinds you to the natural relations of cause and event: not only does the spirit of godlessness and error, with which you are filled, hide from your understanding the mystery of faith, but the obtuseness of heresy drags you below the level of ordinary human intelligence… But perhaps you think your impiety has still an opportunity left to see in the words, Father, into Your hands I commend My Spirit Lk. 23:46, a proof that He feared the descent into the lower world, and even the necessity of death. But when you read these words and could not understand them, would it not have been better to say nothing, or to pray devoutly to be shown their meaning, than to go astray with such barefaced assertions, too mad with your own folly to perceive the truth? Could you believe that He feared the depths of the abyss, the scorching flames, or the pit of avenging punishment, when you listen to His words to the thief on the cross, Verily, I say unto you, Today shall you be with Me in Paradise? Such a nature with such power could not be shut up within the confines of the nether world, nor even subjected to fear of it. When He descended to Hades, He was never absent from Paradise (just as He was always in Heaven when He was preaching on earth as the Son of Man), but promised His martyr a home there, and held out to him the transports of perfect happiness. (On the Trinity Bk. 10, 30-34)
These things thus I confess and to these I assent, and therefore in simplicity of heart and in uprightness of mind, in the presence of God, I have made the subjoined anathematisms.
Anathema to those who apply the words of Holy Scripture which were spoken against idols, to the venerable images.
Anathema to those who knowingly communicate with those who revile and dishonour the venerable images.
Anathema to those who say that the making of images is a diabolical invention and not a tradition of our holy Fathers.
This is my confession [of faith] and to these propositions I give my assent. And I pronounce this with my whole heart, and soul, and mind.
But since the word Ecclesia is applied to different things (as also it is written of the multitude in the theatre of the Ephesians, And when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the Assembly), and since one might properly and truly say that there is a Church of evil doers, I mean the meetings of the heretics, the Marcionists and Manichees, and the rest, for this cause the Faith has securely delivered to thee now the Article, “And in one Holy Catholic Church;” that thou mayest avoid their wretched meetings, and ever abide with the Holy Church Catholic in which thou wast regenerated. And if ever thou art sojourning in cities, inquire not simply where the Lord’s House is (for the other sects of the profane also attempt to call their own dens houses of the Lord), nor merely where the Church is, but where is the Catholic Church. For this is the peculiar name of this Holy Church, the mother of us all, which is the spouse of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Only-begotten Son of God (for it is written, As Christ also loved the Church and gave Himself for it, and all the rest,) and is a figure and copy of Jerusalem which is above, which is free, and the mother of us all; which before was barren, but now has many children.(Cathechetical Lectures, 18)
If someone says to you: “Both your and our faith are from God”, you, my child, must reply to him as follows: “O crooked in faith! Or do you think that God, too, is two-faithed? Have you not heard what the Scripture says: ‘There is one God, one faith, one baptism’ (Ephesians 4.5)? How many years have you kept the right, Apostolic faith, and now through Satan’s insinuation you have been corrupted into evil belief. Have you not heard the teaching of the Apostle Paul: ‘Even if an angel should come from heaven and preach to you a Gospel that we have not preached to you, let him be anathema’ (Galatians 1.8)? But you have rejected the apostolic teaching and the decrees of the Holy Fathers and accepted a wrong and corrupted faith, filled with all destruction. Therefore you are rejected by us. You are dead, and the sacrifice you offer [i.e., the Eucharist] is dead. But we offer a living sacrifice to the living God, a pure and undefiled sacrifice, so as to obtain eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. To Him be glory. Amen. (Testament of St. Theodosius of the Kiev Caves to the Great-Prince Iziaslav on the Orthodox Christian Faith)
It is Protestantism that openly proclaimed the greatest lie of all: that one can be a Christian while denying the Church. Nevertheless, by tying its members by some obligatory authorities and church laws, Protestantism entangles itself in hopeless contradiction: having itself separated the individual from the Church, it nevertheless places limits on that freedom. From this stems the constant mutiny of Protestants against those few and pitiful remnants of the Church consciousness which are still preserved by the official representatives of their denominations. (Christianity or the Church)
Many times there is confusion within Orthodox and western conversation that seems to be somewhat of bandit; that is, there is a problem that swiftly and frequently snatches an important state of solitude from the minds of those discussing and even considering Orthodoxy. What seems to happen is that the western Christian presupposes paradigms that use various words found in the Bible as if they were originally written as dogma words with exclusive meanings. Many times we begin to take on these presuppositions of the western Christian without even knowing we are doing such a thing. If not caught right away within conversations, this adoption of presuppositions creates this confusion.
Within western theology certain words are capitalized on to become dominant words, thus creating particular western paradigms, whereas other paradigms such as that of Eastern Orthodoxy use less of a “capitalistic” framework and rely more on layering information – more prerequisites to reach final points of dogma, which enables Orthodoxy to cover much more ground with much deeper concentration. But it does not fit in the pocket very well! This is the harsh reality of Orthodoxy. It is not your processed and packaged Christianity that so many western people adore. Many times, with Orthodoxy, you have to literally build a relationship with people to help layer the amounts of information for them to digest. There really is no condensed Bible paradigm that offers a quick systematic theology. Our paradigms are wide and cease from placing too much weight on language itself, presupposing the concept and very doctrine of faith. The words we use within our theology do not carry the authority as many western Christians suppose they do.
As an example, when Orthodox pray within the liturgy: “Theotokos [Mary] save us,” we are not asking Mary to do what Christ does with us through his death and resurrection. There are multiple meanings to “save” found within the Bible and the history of the Church. I have given some examples below to peruse.
Orthodoxy uses the entire paradigm of the Canon. We do not capitalize on words to make systematic theologies out of them for the ignorant to feel like they are theologians. Often, when this “capitalizing” on words is done with western theology, it magnifies one word more than it should at the cost of their homonyms. The homonyms cannot be left out or explained away with some other systematic theology, which is often the case. Homonyms within theology point to a greater meaning of the word that is being emphasized; they point to the greater narrative of the New and Old Testament. The homonyms point to a theology that is built on the actions and content of the people’s lives, and not so much on some intellectual string of construct. The very fact that the homonym exists tells us that there is at least a very serious overemphasis of the word at hand (what I have been calling the “capitalization” of words). Take a look at the examples below of how many capitalized words have several homonyms that have forged little to no effect on western concepts of thought.
Gen 12:13 Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake, and that my soul may live because of thee. (Abraham speaking to Sarah)
Gen 24:12 And he said, O LORD, the God of my master Abraham, send me, I pray thee, good speed this day, and shew kindness unto my master Abraham.
Jos 7:19 And Joshua said unto Achan, My son, give, I pray thee, glory to the LORD, the God of Israel, and make confession unto him; and tell me now what thou hast done; hide it not from me.
1Sa 15:30 Then he (Saul) said, I have sinned: yet honour me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before Israel, and turn again with me, that I may worship the LORD thy God.
Jer 21:1-2 The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD, when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, saying, Inquire, I pray thee, of the LORD for us; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon maketh war against us: peradventure the LORD will deal with us according to all his wondrous works, that he may go up from us.
Act 8:34 And the eunuch answered Philip, and said, I pray thee, of whom speaketh the prophet this? of himself, or of some other?
1Ch 29:20 And David said to all the congregation, Now bless the LORD your God. And all the congregation blessed the LORD, the God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the king.
Isa 49:23 And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and queens thy nurses: they shall worship thee with their face toward the earth, and they shall lick up the dust of thy feet. And thou shalt know that I am the Lord, for they shall not be confounded that wait for him.
Isa 60:14 And the children of them that afflict thee, shall come bowing down to thee, and all that slandered thee shall worship the steps of thy feet, and shall call thee the city of the Lord, the Sion of the Holy One of Israel.
Rev 3:9 Behold, I give of the synagogue of Satan, of them which say they are Jews, and they are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.
Then shall they again loose their hands; and the Man shall give unto the Woman a Ring, laying the same upon the book with the accustomed duty to the Priest and Clerk. And the Priest, taking the Ring, shall deliver it unto the Man, to put it upon the fourth finger of the Woman’s left hand. And the Man holding the Ring there, and taught by the Priest, shall say,
In this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow: In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. (Archbishop Thomas Cranmer’s marriage rite, which survives in large part in the English 1662 prayer book.)
The word “worship” is NOT used exclusively for God in the Bible, although there is definitely a worship belonging to God alone in the Bible.
1Sa 9:16-17 “Tomorrow about this time I will send to you a man from the land of Benjamin, and you shall anoint him to be prince over my people Israel. He shall save my people from the hand of the Philistines. For I have seen my people, because their cry has come to me.” When Samuel saw Saul, the LORD told him, “Here is the man of whom I spoke to you! He it is who shall restrain my people.”
1Sa 10:26-7 Saul also went to his home at Gibeah, and with him went men of valor whose hearts God had touched. But some worthless fellows said, “How can this man save us?” And they despised him and brought him no present. But he held his peace.
2Ki 13:4-5 Then Jehoahaz sought the favor of the LORD, and the LORD listened to him, for he saw the oppression of Israel, how the king of Syria oppressed them. Therefore the LORD gave Israel a savior, so that they escaped from the hand of the Syrians, and the people of Israel lived in their homes as formerly.
2Ki 14:27 But the LORD had not said that he would blot out the name of Israel from under heaven, so he saved them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of Joash.
Neh 9:27 Therefore you gave them into the hand of their enemies, who made them suffer. And in the time of their suffering they cried out to you and you heard them from heaven, and according to your great mercies you gave them saviors who saved them from the hand of their enemies.
Eze 3:19 But if you warn the wicked, and he does not turn from his wickedness, or from his wicked way, he shall die for his iniquity, but you will have delivered your soul.
1Co 7:16 For how do you know, wife, whether you will save your husband? Or how do you know, husband, whether you will save your wife?
1Co 9:22 To the weak I became weak, that I might win the weak. I have become all things to all people, that by all means I might save some.
1Ti 4:16 Keep a close watch on yourself and on the teaching. Persist in this, for by so doing you will save both yourself and your hearers.
Jas 5:15 And the prayer of faith will save the one who is sick, and the Lord will raise him up. And if he has committed sins, he will be forgiven.
I would say, though, that part of the problem here is what words are translated into “pray,” “worship,” and “save.” For all the prayer examples, the Hebrew word (I don’t have my LXX on hand, so I pray your indulgence) is not the same as the word for an actual religious act, but rather a simple word that can be translated as “please” or any other assortment of words — we translate it as “pray” in English because of our cultural and religious heritage with that word, not because it ever (in the Hebrew and I’m betting on the Greek) meant to “pray” in the religious sense. The original languages are important in our mutual dialogues.
That’s a good point, Russ. Some of these particular words do not have the same root word. But a number of them do. “Save” is one that has the same root word in many areas, also other NT words such as “justification” have the same root word, yet are used in different context. The west camps on words like these in order to build a much louder theology, as I state in the article. This list could certainly be longer, but it could also be wider; that is, it could include the very fact that there is really no authority at all in the language itself, especially within the New Testament, where the authors borrowed the language of the pagans. Saint Paul states that the dogmatic language of the Church is angelic, and can literally be spoken by the enlightened Christian. Camping out on language (as do nearly all Protestants with the Greek, and Romans with the Latin) is a dangerous duty and should be avoided. This is not to say that studying language has no merit. On the contrary, it helps scholars help us figure the culture and particular settings of the conversations. But again, to speak of these languages as theological languages, many times, has led to heresy.
Hey there! Quick question that’s completely off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My site looks weird when browsing from my iphone. I’m trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to fix this problem.
Here's the place to talk about DVDs (or VHS) films and movies you have seen on television and recommend or don't recommend. Discuss actors and scores, too.
LOS ANGELES — “Black Panther,” Marvel’s African-oriented comic book adaptation, is shaping up to be the most successful movie at the box office for a film with a primarily black cast.
And it’s raising hopes for a new wave of broad-interest commercial films featuring black actors and stories.
“That a predominantly black-cast movie is getting this kind of traction finally shows what we all intuitively know: Make great art and people will respond,” said the actor-musician Common, who like many African Americans in entertainment has criticized the industry for ignoring the potential of black-oriented films.
But some in Hollywood also worry that “Black Panther” may prove more the exception than the rule. For all the enthusiasm over the movie, they say it has attributes – like Marvel’s massive production and marketing machine – that will make it easy to be dismissed as an outlier by executives contemplating future projects. It also comes after decades during which films from black artists struggled to gain traction in Hollywood.
Hollywood has long underinvested in African American movies. The movie industry makes assumptions about audiences that don’t match their behavior, say African American and white critics of the current system.
For many years, they note, studios executives believed that white moviegoers wouldn’t come out in droves to a black-driven film, a corollary to another long-standing trope: that black stars don’t fare well internationally. As it turns out, minorities now help drive the box-office of many blockbusters.
“I think no matter how much money this movie makes, it will be seen by a lot of people in [studio] staff meetings and greenlight committees as just a one-off,” said a prominent African American figure in the Hollywood development world, asking for anonymity so as not to be perceived as criticizing potential business partners. “And the question is: How many more ‘one-offs’ will we have before they realize it’s a pattern?”
Ryan Coogler’s take on the 1960s hero Black Panther, starring Chadwick Boseman, Lupita Nyong’o and Michael B. Jordan, has turned into a cultural event. Opening Friday, the movie comes from Disney and its Marvel subsidiary, two of the most potent commercial forces operating in Hollywood.
It is projected by tracking services to gross $175 million at the domestic box office over the four-day holiday weekend and even has a chance to top $166 million for the Friday-Sunday period — which would put it in the top 10 openings of all time. Over coming weeks, the action-adventure is expected to sail past $350 million domestically and could well surpass $400 million. Marvel gave Coogler a budget pegged by trade reports at $200 million, nearly unheard of for a black director.
The social context is ripe for “Black Panther” to be a breakout. Rhea Combs, the curator of film and photography at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, said: “‘Black Panther’ comes in the midst of Black Lives Matter and all the other important social movements that are happening now. It makes for a very powerful combination.”
Black stories are hardly ever made at top production and marketing budget levels, and thus often perform at more midrange levels. They include the movies of Tyler Perry, which reliably gross between $50 million and $70 million.
One of the highest-grossing films to date with a largely black cast, 1988’s “Coming to America,” ranks at No. 291 on the all-time U.S. list when adjusting for inflation, with $274 million. Even that was an anomaly. The 30 years since have brought very little else of its kind, as the studios constructed most movies with primarily black casts as lower-budget niche offerings.
But “Black Panther” breaks that pattern. “What’s unprecedented is here we have a film with a black lead and majority black cast that’s also a tentpole film,” said Darnell Hunt, a professor and director of social science at UCLA who specializes in issues of Hollywood and race, using the term for a modern, expensive, effects movie.
“Black Panther” has been tracking extraordinarily well with African Americans. According to a survey conducted two weeks ago by the data analytics firm YouGov, 74 percent of African Americans said they planned to see the movie on some platform in coming months. (By contrast, the highest percentage of African Americans who said they’d seen any of the other 17 movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe was 44 percent, for 2008’s “The Incredible Hulk.”)
But it’s white audiences where the numbers really pop: 49 percent of white respondents said they planned to watch “Black Panther” on some platform. That’s actually a higher proportion than has seen any other Marvel movie. The next closest was the three-part Iron Man franchise, which drew 46 percent of respondents.
“What you see here are numbers across the board with all races,” said Larry Shannon-Missal, the head of data services for YouGov in the United States. “Black people will turn out in a very significant way, but so will white moviegoers.”
UCLA’s Hunt drew an analogy: to “The Cosby Show.” “You knew black people were going to watch it,” he said. “But what made that show a hit was that a lot of white people watched it.”
For a lot of movies, that may not be even necessary. Minority audiences are actually helping propel box-office success for the biggest blockbusters. According to Hunt, who heads up an annual study of diversity in Hollywood, minority groups constituted more than 50 percent of U.S. ticket buyers on five of the top 10 highest-grossing global releases in 2015, the most recent year for which statistics are available. It was the first time that threshold had been reached. His study of 2016’s box office, due at the end of the month, could see that number rise, he said.
Other parts of the entertainment industry have long understood — economically if not ethically — the importance of diverse artists, says Marc Morial, the former mayor of New Orleans and the current president of the National Urban League. “From Motown to Prince to hip-hop, the music business understands black artists have a lot of broad appeal beyond the black community,” Morial said. “So why hasn’t Hollywood understood that?”
Until recently, Hollywood studios have indeed been far more reluctant to make movies that went beyond a single black star or that dealt with black-specific stories — even though movies with African American leads such as Will Smith and Eddie Murphy have been major box-office champions for years.
Only in the past several years have studios begun producing movies with predominantly black casts that deal with such themes. (Some of them, including “Get Out” and “Straight Outta Compton,” each topped $150 million domestic on budgets far smaller than that.)
For a long time, Hollywood refused to believe that white audiences would attend minority movies — or even bothered to test the theory. A group of largely white male executives rarely greenlit stories about black America.
On the rare occasions those stories were made, they tended to find profitability — John Singleton’s 1991 inner-city drama “Boyz N The Hood” and the films of Spike Lee, particularly 1992’s “Malcolm X,” both of which came from major studios and topped $75 million in domestic box office when adjusting for inflation. But that success happened very infrequently and, observers say, with little regard for its meaning.
Still, some activists privately wonder why it took so long for Marvel to finally have a black superhero lead, particularly when many other lesser-known superhero characters were mined in the interim. Disney began actively developing “Black Panther” in 2009, driven by Nate Moore, Marvel’s key executive who is also African American. Disney declined to make anyone involved in the movie available to comment.
Until Disney gave African American filmmaker Ava DuVernay $100 million to direct next month’s “A Wrinkle In Time,” no black woman had ever been handed a budget that high.
The activists also wonder if the effect of “Black Panther,” inside and outside Hollywood, might be exaggerated.
“This movie is a fantasy,” said Todd Boyd, a professor of cinema and media studies at USC who specializes in race and popular culture. Spike Lee’s “Malcolm X,” he noted, raised awareness for a political movement and even catalyzed others to carry the mantle. “I don’t think this will change anything,” he said. “Hollywood has never put its muscle behind telling the story of the real Black Panthers, so why would a fictional movie about a fictional place make them do things differently?”
Transforming “Black Panther” into a springboard for more representation in executive suites and on film slates won’t be easy, other diversity advocates acknowledge. But they say the fact so many are embracing an African-centric story could make the strongest case for more black-oriented movies.
According to the YouGov study, 15 percent of Americans who have never seen a Marvel movie say they will break that pattern for “Black Panther,” suggesting the movie is broadening audiences.
“The best part of this film’s success is it will show a black movie can be not just important culturally,” said the Urban League’s Morial, “but a big winner economically.”
Has your Voskhod broke again? Suffering dodgy Italian electrics? Post your tales of woe here. Or ask odd questions about the rear wheel spacer on a Vincent Black Widow, should it take your fancy.
Hi all, just posting asking if anyone here has any knowledge, or has even ever heard of a sym wolf classic 125cc. I recently bought a year 2000 W reg one as my first bike “project” I wanted to start cheap and simple. After struggling to find spares and other models for breaking, I decided to search the net for any info or others for sale, and I’ve found nothing ! So my question is have I got myself a rare classic or a pain in the arse that I will forever be struggling to get Spares for.
I'm not familiar with the model. can you post some photos ? (you need to link your photo from a 3rd party site such as flickr.com).
(I just asked "Cortana" and got a load of images https://www.bing.com/images/search?q=sy ... ORM=WNSIPR )
A nice little bike, It looks in fair condition. I would guess it is manufactured in the far east, maybe China, and is probably a clone of something like a Honda CB/CG125 (or similar). You might try to find a Facebook group on the model, or a more general bike forum. The term "Classic" bike is open to debate (and do they debate lol ) A 2018 bike can be a classic instantly but is usually associated with machines pre-1980 (que controversy ). Good luck searching for some knowledgeable support.
You begin this level in a moat of sorts. Above you, on terraces, are several nightmare-demons waiting to chew on you. Higher up are some barons of hell. Neither the demons or the barons pose any immediate danger, but down in the moat with you are several arachnotrons that can.
Make your way carefully around the perimeter, staying to the inside, and take out the spiders with the big shotgun. Near the start, and also at the other end of the moat, are two teleport pads (1) to take you to the next level up. Be sure to clear it of the nightmare-demons first. These guys are tough, often taking several rockets to bring down, but they will give you all sorts of grief if you don't remove them before teleporting up.
On the next platform, the barons can sometimes tag you with a fireball, but most often they only end up hitting the wall in front of them. The most immediate and constant danger along this walkway are the fireball traps. Whenever you pass east to west in front of one of these at points 2, they start firing for a time. Always RUN through and take cover until they stop. These traps will continue to operate as long as you are in this level, so try to remember them.
At point 3 is a lift up to the walkway the barons are on. The ledge across the moat will lower if you shoot the face on the wall, then you can jump down and collect the goodies there if you need them. On one end of the upper walkway is a switch that lowers the posts blocking the entrance to room 4. In room 4 are two barons on high platforms next to the entrance. Take them out, then proceed up the stairs beyond.
At the north end of the walkway there are some bars that require the yellow key to open. At the south end you can see some combat armor. This is where you must go next.
Save your game before heading toward the armor as the next area is a brutal trap. The apparently dead-end hallway where the combat armor is will convert to a stairway down to area 5. The walls will also lower to reveal an arachnotron on each side. Once you go into area 5, an insane number of bull-demons will begin dropping in everywhere, followed be a trio of barons! The alien laser or plasma rifle is good for the hoardes of demons, then switch to the rocket launcher to pound the barons of hell. When the battle ends, find the switch on one of the columns to lower the pedastle holding the blue key. The arachnotrons are fairly easy to take off of their perches with the shotgun.
Find your way back to the small structure with the blue keyed door. Inside are some lost-souls and the red key. Picking up the key will start two crushing columns to start moving. Time your exit to avoid them and go to the red keyed door.
As easy as it was to find the red key, the yellow key is also just beyond the red keyed door. It is guarded by a squad of zombies, supported by a couple hell-knights on raised walkways to the sides. As you approach the yellow key, however, it suddenly moves up to a higher inaccessible area and three arachnotrons teleport in behind you.
It is near impossible to avoid all damage in this situation. The best way to handle it is to dodge back and forth firing rockets as fast as you can. When the spiders fall, steps will form to allow you access to the upper walkways and yellow key. There is also a secret area here with more rockets.
All keys aquired, and yet the exit remains blocked. Near the exit is a blocked switch with a three-colored plaque next to it. There are three of these type of switches in the level, marked by 7 on the map. To open them, you must get back up to the top level and go through those yellow bars you saw earlier.
Room 6 has a couple zombies in it, and an arachnotron in an alcove. Take them out and examine the central structure with the three colored switches on it. Each of the locks at points 7 are opened here by activating the colored switches in the proper order:
You can enter all of these combinations one at a time here. To get to the arachotron's alcove and the soul-sphere, jump across the chasm as if you were leaving. You will hear a sound and the post at the south end of the color switch column will lower. Run back and a teleport will take you there. (That's how it is supposed to work, but sometimes a glitch in the game prevents it from happening.)
Each of these three switches lowers a block in front of the exit. Two of the rooms have already been cleared, so activating them is painless. The third remains in room 8, which is where you need to head next.
Head into room 8 and knock down the hell-knights in alcoves adjacent to the entrance. As you go around the back of the central structure, several arachnotrons will teleport in. There will then be a switch across from the entrance. This will cause the floor of the room to drop, and also raise up a "Y" shaped walkway between the two alcoves where the hell-knights were.
The two switches in the alcoves raise some columns to run across, and expose a switch on the opposite side of the central structure. Don't worry about falling off in this room. It looks like lava, but it doesn't do any damage. If you do fall, the "Y" shaped walkway will lower to take you back up again.
Hop around the tops of the columns and activate that fourth switch in this room. This will open the last switch at the far west end, but also summons a pair of nightmare-cacodemons. It is best to jump down and go back to one of the alcoves to fight them, then go activate the final switch. The teleport takes you back up to the "Y" where you can jump back to the entrance and make your way to the exit which will now be open.
This page used to be a single paragraph, as a note at the end of the walkthrough for level 32: "Hectic". I have since made it a topic of its own, since some things appear to have changed in the latest version of Absolution.
Neither the original N64 version of Doom, nor this PC version of Doom64 were designed with jumping in mind. In many places you can mess yourself up if you aren't careful. Though many of the maps appear to have floors over floors, they are not true 3d. Be especially careful in areas that have paths above and below that cross, or you may find yourself trapped.
In the older JDoom version of Doom64TC, there were very few places where the jump ability was useful, other than cheating. In this newest Absolution, there are now several places where it seems impossible to proceed WITHOUT the ability to jump.
For those of you that are finding Absolution impossible to play, scroll down for a strategy to get jumping enabled.
I accept no responsibility for permanent damage to your self-respect and conscience should you choose to read further.
The only way to enable jumping in Doom64: Absolution is to beat map38, "Hectic". As explained on the console page, there is no way to cheat "Hectic", you have to play through it. While there is no way to cheat map38 itself, you can use cheats to put yourself in the best possible position to beat it.
Step One: Play through map01, "Staging Area" following the desribed method for accessing the secret level, "Cat and Mouse". Do not collect the blue armor or soul-sphere until you are ready to exit the level.
Step Two: As soon as you warp into map32, run like hell to the right, to the safety of the rocket launcher area before the cyberdemon can hit you.
Step Three: Once there, bring down the console and type: "kill" then enter. This will kill every enemy on the map, including the cyberdemon. At this point, you should still have 200% health and armor, which is very important to be able to survive "Hectic".
Step Four: Use the console again, typing in "give w" and "give a" to give yourself full weapons and ammo.
Step Five: Go to the exit and warp to "Hectic". Once there, save your game before proceeding. Now you are fully prepared to beat this secret level.
Step Six: Go after the red key first. This is where you will take the most damage. Use whatever weapon you feel will work best to destroy the three arachnotrons and avoid being crushed by the ceiling.
Step Seven: Go after the blue key next. Run out across the columns and collect the berserk pack. It won't do you any good except to bring you back to 100% health if you had less. Switch to the BFG, then run quickly to collect the blue key and then back to the doorway. Two or three blasts of the BFG should take down the hell knights before they can damage you too much.
Step Eight: With your remaining health and armor, do your best to avoid the darts and collect the yellow key. If you survive, you can now exit the map with cheats enabled. You'll start over at the beginning of "Staging Area" again, so if you are almost dead, be sure to collect that berserk pack behind the start before continuing.
Please Check out latest offers on office 365 small business premium promo code with http://www.microsoftstorepromocode.us/office.php for Office related coupons office 365 small business premium promo code: Your own selling is within great hands--you're personal, together with Microsoft Company Publisher 2013. It's simple to develop participating literature, news letters in addition to emails cost-efficiently. Start off having a large stockpile of pre-formatted style web templates in addition to personalize them to people distinct appears in addition to expertise. Obtain further brand new capabilities together with Publisher 2013 Simply trade out photographs even though keeping the particular glimpse in addition to design of your guide together Office 365 Small Business Premium Promo Codes with brand new in addition to increased photograph-editing gear. Alter in addition to personalize regular textual content in excellent typography together with brand new Open Type fonts. office 365 small business premium coupon critique constructed-in web templates, personalize articles easily in addition to analysis for style and design in addition to design problems before stamping. Format materials, photographs or even textual content bins easier together with enhanced subject place engineering in addition to manuals. Office 365 Small Business Premium coupons view what exactly your current work will be like imprinted in addition to modify print out options together with increased Print Critique. No matter whether you are doing work with the office or even on the street, Microsoft company Prospect 2013 helps you talk to important contacts, deal with e mail chats in addition to watch your current routine from your Personal computer or even remotely. Office 365 Small Business Premium discounts in essence post paperwork to be able to on-line files to be able to ease of access in addition to revise remotely. Office 365 Small Business Premium coupon codes obtain an enhanced capability which includes: Synchronize numerous email accounts via options these as (Hotmail, Gmail) or even just about any other service provider to be able to Prospect workplace 2010 household in addition to student account activation. Office 365 Small Business Premium Deals condense, categorize and in many cases overlook prolonged e-mail transactions having a solitary simply click using Chat View. Spend less period together with Speedy Actions in addition to personalize the particular jobs you employ essentially the most into a single simply click. Office 365 Small Business Premium Coupon Code http://youtu.be/Sx9ZzuAzAOE Reveal your current work schedule together with people in addition to ease of access theirs, in addition save frequently utilized teams of calendars while using brand new Plan see. Office 365 Small Business Premium Deals acquire awareness using your emails by using brand new visual in addition to photo-editing assets.
Latest updates of Microsoft Teams at the one-year anniversary mark. See the Microsoft Teams evolution from a persistent chat-based workspace, to an integrated hub for teamwork with complete meeting and calling capabilities built in. (For Questions & Support got to: https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Microsoft-Teams/ct-p/MicrosoftTeams Here you'll find Teams users and professionals at the Microsoft Tech Community)See the new ways to bring your favorite apps into Teams and their updated user experiences. Also, if you're an IT admin, we're going to give you a first look at the unified experience to manage Microsoft Teams, along with Skype for Business going forward. Hosted by: Anne Michels and Jeremy Chapman Links mentioned in this show. Controls for Teams guest experience: https://aka.ms/teamsguest Teams calling plan information: https://aka.ms/TeamsCallingPlans Get started with Microsoft Teams: https://Teams.microsoft.com/Start Try the first version of the Teams Admin Center: https://admin.teams.microsoft.com Subscribe to Microsoft Mechanics: https://aka.ms/sub2mechanics Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MSFTMechanics
​Outlook Customer Manager provides small businesses the tools they need to track & grow customer relationships. Now included at no extra cost with Office 365 Business Premium, Outlook Customer Manager is a cloud-powered solution designed for small businesses. Learn more at http://off365.ms/b1rBNY
What's the difference between Office Online and Office 365? One is free and one is not. Which one will work best for you and how much does Office 365 really cost? This video compares the features of both options and helps you figure out what version you need to get work done. Don't forget to follow and subscribe to my channel. Thanks for watching! Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mattmoniz123 Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/mattmoniz Website: http://www.matthewmoniz.com
Learn the in's and out's to Office 365 Small Business Plan. We will cover the restrictions, the capabilities, and more.
Tax Deposit Information For the date range, provides taxable earnings totals, Federal 941, 940 and State tax deposit information. This item has been saved to your reading list. The level of manual tasks, duplication and non-value added activities in the payroll process often prevent staff from providing the reports that management require on a timely basis. The best practice for providing management information that is timely, useful and relevant is automating, simplifying and standardising as many processes and tasks as possible, to eliminate unnecessary complexity and inconsistencies. This will reduce opportunities for error or fraud and make it easier to track the quantity and quality of information flowing to payroll. A holistic approach that considers factors across all business dimensions, including strategy, structure, people, process and technology, creates reporting that is highly sustainable and scalable. If you do not feel confident in your reporting capabilities or would like to improve your reports, technology could be a valuable ally providing master data that is clean, up to date and which can be relied upon.
Employee Advance Summary For the date range lists Advances paid and repaid with beginning and ending balances, one line per employee. Employee Payroll Summary Lists for the date range Gross Pay, Total Withholdings, Credits, Reimbursements, Advances and Checks Total, one employee per line. Payroll Journal Summary. Payroll Journal Summary For the date range selected provides posting debit and credit totals for the Accounting sections Assets, Liabilities, Revenue and Expenses, with totals by General Ledger account number within each section. Tax Liability Summary. Form 941 Information For the date range selected, provides total Federal and State taxable wages, EIC credits, and other tax deposit information relevant to the 941 report.
There’s many reasons why athletes playing sports in Pakistan can contract serious injuries during outdoor games in Pakistan. For one, Pakistan’s terrain is known to be quite tough on the knees and joints. Even “Firm Ground” cleats can’t sink in to the ground properly. Secondly, there are a lack of first aid supplies at various sports arenas/fields in this country that contain adequate supplies to treat others in an effective manner.
Well, Sehat has good news for you. They have just released a Sports Kit (which can be purchased through this link) which is what the booming sports industry in this country has seriously has been lacking. Yes, it’s more than understandable to keep first aid supplies – but certain products are simply ignored (e.g. gauze or triangular bandages)
There is an age old question of whether to use Cryotherapy (with cold sprays such as Ethyl Alcohol or BioFreeze) or Heat Therapy (with Deep Heat Spray or Naturelief). There is a simple way to evaluate this. Short-term relief for sprains and injuries require Cryotherapy, especially if the player in question needs to play immediately after the therapy. Heat based therapy should be applied a for a longer-term solution, and is most effective right before going to sleep. However, in most cases if a sudden injury were to be contracted, a cold pack/ice should be applied immediately to provide relief.
Other items in this kit provide a lot of use as well. Triangular bandages are there to hold upper body joints in place. Gauze Swab Bandages can provide suction of blood for serious injuries which result in blood loss. Zinc Oxide adhesive plasters are also in place for making sure any application of an ointment/cream/spray can be sustained with a tape that really sticks to the skin. Alcohol swabs are present, but so is dettol and absorbent cotton wool in ample quantity to ensure small and large wounds are catered for.
To top it all off, there are ORS sachets to make sure athletes’ are properly hydrated with electrolytes.
The following organizations have already entrusted Sehat with their healthcare needs by through purchasing this kit
So what are you waiting for? Click here to buy the Sports Kit or call 042 11 11 73428 to place your order!
It is based in World War II and tells a fictional alternate history. Copy this code texas holdem poker android hileleri paste it into the header of your theme to black your site out in protest of SOPAPIPA. It will activate only on Wednesday, January 18th. Pepperoni holdemm cheese stick yoldem in marinara sauce, stuffed in a jalape241;o, wrapped in more pepperoni, phyllo dough and deep … Seven segments related to one another only in that they all purport to be based on sections of the book by David Reuben.
The segments range from quot;Do Texas holdem poker android hileleri Work?quot; in which texas holdem poker android hileleri court. See full summary. ITS ALL ABOUT THE BOURBON At Buckeye Bourbon House, we embrace Americas native spirit by offering ivey poker app review and hard to find Bourbons and Whiskeys.
Food very good, service very good, and we were very appreciative of our window table. Paddy power poker mac definitely return. quot; On the Bus With B. King. Fifty years, 250 gigs in 1998, fifteen children by fifteen different women B. is the automundo slot argentina rollingest stone This is a list of characters in Fire Emblem: The Sacred Stones.
Eirika (Eirik) The Princess of Renais. Amelia belle casino phone number, beautiful, strongwilled and just, and unlike … Kris Kristofferson, Ben Haggard Make A Place For The Real Amid The Processed: Live Review Bill Haley, Comets, Texas holdem poker android hileleri Hall of Fame. POSTED: March 20, 2015 Sonet-era producer Sam Charters dies Samuel quot;Samquot; Charters, a legendary music producer and musical scholar who worked to update Bill Haley's style in the 1970s, died on March 18, 2015 at the age of 85.
WYBZ is a radio station located in Zanesville, OH, in the United States. The station broadcasts on 107. 3, and is popularly known as WYBZ-FM. The station is owned by Y-Bridge Broadcasting, Inc. and offers a Classic Hits format, playing popular music from the 70's and 80's. History Gear blackjack 17 Development of outdoor and tabletop ball games.
Wichita Attractions amp; Entertainment. Entertainment comes in all forms in Wichita. Music venues, live comedy, and theatre are all Wichita entertainment highlights for families and kids of all ages. Explore Fort Lauderdale hotel listings to find details and photos for beachfront, cruise port or airport locations for your next visit to Ft. Lauderdale. Litter, smog-even rats plague some of our nations cities. But Travel Leisure readers also found plenty to rave about in these urban meccas. Mega Millions z228;hlt zu den ganz gro223;en amerikanischen Lotterien. Es lockt mit spektakul228;ren Gewinnen am laufenden Band und ist … This American lottery game came with great jackpot news that mounted up to a staggering over 282 million. Buy Mega Millions tickets online for a chance to become the next Mega Millions millionaire and hkleleri forward texaa … This Texas holdem poker android hileleri is sharon poker by Curacao eGaming (Cyberluck Curacao N. jocuri casino gratis aparate Authorized and Regulated by master roulette table Government of Texas holdem poker android hileleri under Multi Pay N. V with sndroid registered address at Abraham blackjack discontinued Veerstraat 2, Willemstad, Cura231;ao, … All the latest lotto numbers for Texas holdem poker android hileleri Lotto, 28 April 2018 - Check Lotto Results and play for huge jackpots every week. Play Poker gecesi izle online at Multilotto. net. Pok233;mon Shuffle (Japanese: Pok233;Toru) is a freemium puzzle game first released ddc casino texas holdem poker android hileleri Nintendo 3DS through the Androoid, Australian, Pokwr, and North American Nintendo 3DS hieleri on February ellix powers poker, 2015. Major version pokker are also downloaded from the eShop, but minor updates may occur within the game itself … Synopsis: Master built the mansion where males had the total control and the only the females needed to do was obey their master's every order. I would like to receive information about offers and promotions at Royal Slots One of the top online progressive slots ever made, the free 88 Fortunes slot amchine, was primarily created by Shuffle Master in 2012 for the Asian market. However, nowadays European and the US players play 88 Fortunes slot machine game for free just the same. In 2013, Shuffle Master merged with Bally Technologies which is why … Defined in tensorflowcontriboptpythontraininglazy_adam_optimizer. Variant of the Adam optimizer that handles sparse updates more efficiently.
JUNE BOX ANNOUNCEMENT: Next month we are doing a pretty radical themed box you don't want to miss. We can't give any details away yet but this one might be our most fun and collectible to date. Reserve yours thru the link in our bio. There will be a limited number of boxes so flipping go and subscribe up! ðŸ˜‰ðŸ˜‰ Link is in the bio. Join the team and receive sick rave/ festival gear. Your first box will be our themed June one. To sweeten the deal! You can use our friend Taylor's special code to get 15% off your first box. Subscribe thru the link in our bio and use code TAYWEIRD at checkout for 15% off. Picture reposted from @tayweird. Era apparel/ accessories featured in photo are from a past months box. Not apart of the June theme. Â° Â° Â° Â° Â° #eraofedm #eraofedmcrate #subscriptionbox #magazine #dancemusic #electronicmusic #bassmusic #housemusic #rave #festival #raveday #edmfestivals #edc #tomorrowland #electricdaisycarnival #ultra #edmfestival #musicfestival #plurvibes #kandi #festivalwear #raveapparel #festivalfashion #festivalaccessories #ravelifestyle #festivallifestyle #edmapparel #festivalapparel #raveattire
This is how excited you'll be when our boxes hit your doorstep. Subscribe through the link in our bio for a huge May box! Subscribe by May 4th for our May box. It's going to be big! ðŸ”¥ Â° Â° Â° Â° Â° #eraofedmcrate #eraofedmcrate #subscriptionbox #festivalwear #festivalwear #festivallifestyle #festivalseason #ravelifestyle #raveapparel #raveapparel #festivalattire #edmlife #edmlifestyle #ravestyle
This is about more than the show. This is a lifestyle. Day in, day out. Join the rest that get our Dance Music lifestyle box shipped to their front steps monthly. New apparel, accessories and rave essentials every single month. Visit our link in bio to get involved. Hint: subscribe before 5/4 and you'll receive our May boxes. The Era Of EDM Crate - All The Vibes tee and dad hat featured. Â° Â° Â° Â° Â° #eraofedm #eraofedmcrate #subscriptionbox #magazine #dancemusic #electronicmusic #bassmusic #housemusic #rave #festival #musicfestival #raveday #edmfestivals #edc #tomorrowland #ultramusicfestival #ultra #edmfestival #musicfestival #festivalwear #raveapparel #festivalfashion #festivalaccessories #ravelifestyle #festivallifestyle
In Oceanside, California, several onlookers were left stunned when they saw a woman speeding down the sidewalk in her car. Nearly a mile down the road, she suddenly ditched her vehicle, leaving bystanders absolutely horrified to see what was sticking out of the windshield. That’s when they immediately called the police.
As several onlookers were minding their own business early in the morning, they suddenly saw Esteysi Sanchez Izazaga, who goes by the name Stacy Sanchez, driving her car on the sidewalk. However, nothing could have prepared them for the moment her car smashed into a homeless man who was walking on the sidewalk. She continued on her way with the man stuck through her windshield and trapped in the passenger seat.
Izazaga drove with the man inside her car for nearly a mile before parking in a cul-de-sac and walking away. She left the unidentified victim’s body lodged in the front seat, seeming to have no concern for what she had done. Bystanders stepped up and called the police, who found the suspect at her home a few blocks away from the scene.
“Izazaga is suspected of driving under the influence,” Oceanside police said, according to NBC San Diego. When the speeding car made contact with the victim, he flew into the windshield, head down, and came to rest on the front seat. To make matters even worse, when the man’s body made contact with the car, his leg detached from his body, flying through the back window and landing on the trunk of the car. He did not survive the traumatic injuries.
“There’s no words to really describe it,” explained Edwin Esparza, who witnessed the incident unfold. “I mean, just seeing that up close and personal, it’s kind of traumatizing in a way.”
“Horrific. Yeah, I’ve never in my whole life have I heard a story like this,” Lou Torres, another witness admitted. “It was so strange that I couldn’t imagine any scenario that would cause this.”
Izazaga has since been arrested and charged with felony DUI, felony hit-and-run, and vehicular manslaughter. Her bail has been set at $130,000. The victim has not yet been publicly identified since authorities are currently working on contacting his family.
There is no excuse to be driving a vehicle after you have been under the influence. This man’s life was cut short, solely because this young woman failed to follow the law and got behind the wheel when she had no business being there. Laws are put in place for a reason, and because this woman didn’t feel like following them, this man paid the ultimate price.
Hitchhiking w/ E as a part of our roadtrip in August! So much fun but also including one really (!) cold night spent outdoors.
Bronze plaques honoring men who have made significant impact statewide, nationally or internationally. Also high school essay...
Home to 3 changing exhibition halls featuring regional and national exhibits plus 72-foot model of Gadsden with working railr...
Then you might be left with a shadow from the sticker which acetone and some wax compound will take care of that.
How about the rubber eraser wheels? I've yet to use one personally, but have heard good reviews. It's supposed to be like pencil eraser rubber on a spindle for your drill...
I use a razor blade and a moderate grit abrasive like a 3m gelcoat Restorer to remove any residue and/or razor marks (if any).
Banki i finanseBudownictwo, nieruchomościDom i ogródDrewno, przemysł drzewnyDruk, reklama, fotografiaElektronika, elektryka, telekomunikacjaEnergia, surowce, ochrona środowiskaHandelHotele, noclegiKomputery, informatyka, internetKultura, sztuka, rozrywkaLeśnictwo, rolnictwo, ogrodnictwoMaszyny i urządzeniaMeble i akcesoriaMotoryzacjaNauka, edukacjaOdzież, obuwie, przemysł tekstylny i skórzanyPrawo i pracaPrzemysł i produkcjaSport, turystykaTransport, komunikacjaUrzędy, instytucjeUsługiZdrowie, medycyna, urodaŻywność, przemysł spożywczy
"How to build an Android application testing toolbox" - Mobile devices hold a trove a data that could be crucial to criminal cases, and they also can play a key role in accident reconstructions, IP theft investi...
More Regarding IWS - *IWS* has been out for a short while now, and there have been a couple of reviews posted. So far, it seems that there is some reticence to the book, based...
Radically Delicious Small Batch, Local Pickles and Preserves, Garden-to-Table Suppers, and Food Collaborations in Winston-Salem, NC
Starting this Tuesday, beta verde will be at the Cobblestone Farmers Market (formerly known as the Krankies Farmers Market) on Tuesdays from 10am-1pm. We will be there every OTHER week and hope to keep you guessing with new products as the season unfolds.
Starting this Tuesday, we are there every other week but for efficiency's sake, here is a list of the dates: May 17th, May 31st, June 14th, June 28th, July 12th, July 26th, August 9th, August 23rd, September 6th, September 20th, October 4th, October 18th... This is also available on our "Products and Events" page.
We are looking forward to seeing you at the market and joining our fellow market vendors for another great season!
Right now, we are knee deep in strawberries so expect Strawberry Intensified with balsamic and Strawberry Intensified with lemon balm this week and while our supply holds. We are distinguishing our jams not only by ingredients and herbs but by farm. We feel so fortunate to be collaborating with The Children's Home and Rail Fence Farm, along with using beta verde's own strawberries. All are incredible, fresh as can be, pesticide-free and bursting with flavor. Woohoo!
is the local food project of mother and daughter duo, Margaret Norfleet Neff and Salem Norfleet Neff, that has been evolving since 2008.
Our products are available for shipping, local delivery, and in select local stores. We also sell periodically at the Cobblestone Farmers Market. Stay tuned at www.cobblestonefarmersmarket.com
Her fashion is color-coordinated to match the glory of her hair color. She has a bay pink jacket with contrasting white collar and cuffs. The jacket has an asymmetrical opening with skirted bottom. She has faux fur white earmuffs and white boots. She's all dressed up to the visit a snowy city. Her bold black and white herringbone tights bring a fun fashion pop to her look.
Use this form to request a free copy of our "Top 10 Avoidable Benchmarking Mistakes White Paper" or request further information about our services.
On RentalCars24h.com you can compare AVIS car rental in Mora, Cameroon with other companies to find the best car rental deals and prices in Mora, Cameroon. We compare all rates of popular car rental companies in Mora, Cameroon. RentalCars24h.com shows you the car rental Mora, Cameroon price including all the insurances and taxes. Pay only the price you see – no hidden services or additional payments with RentalCars24h.com!
Use our car rental form to compare AVIS car rental Mora, Cameroon prices with such companies as Enterprise, Budget, SIXT, Hertz, Thrifty, Alamo, Dollar, Fox, Payless, Ace, National, Europcar, E-Z and 800 more companies. You have a variety of choice – so choose only the best car rental price among all the existing suppliers!
At over 3,200 meters (11,000 feet) above sea level in the highlands of Ecuador, small farmers harvest varieties of Native Andean Potatoes that were preserved for centuries and that are a great source of iron and Vitamin C. Additionally Native Andean Potatoes have a high content of antioxidants which give them their outstanding natural colours. Kiwa re-discovered this treasure and converted it into a delicious snack that could be enjoyed anytime of the day. Enjoy the taste of the Andes! Kiwa, which means green in the indigenous language of the Andes mountain range in South America called Quechua, is an Ecuadorian company who passionately search out unique varieties of sustainably farmed vegetables in the fertile South American growing regions of Ecuador. Their vegetables are grown and harvested at altitudes of up to 11,000 feet and are even produced at that height to minimize cooking times. Kiwa buys directly from small farmers to whom it provides quality seeds, technical assistance, direct financing and ongoing support to the local farming communities.
Interested in submitting to this journal? We recommend that you review the About the Journal page for the journal's section policies, as well as the Author Guidelines. Authors need to register with the journal prior to submitting or, if already registered, can simply log in and begin the five-step process.
Included in all rooms are dry cleaning and laundry, room service, restaurants. This excellent hotel in Fukuoka also has telephone, air conditioning, television, in-room movies, tea/coffeemaker. With its commitment to service and focus on hospitality ... more
Fukuoka City has studied the lessons of history in a bold attempt to balance the beauty of nature with the convienence of a metropolitan area. As one of the liveliest cities in Japan, Fukuoka is an ideal base for international conferences and tourism ... more
The lobby extends on to our casual, spacious restaurant where you are ensured fine food and speedy friendly service. Chisun Hotel Hakata strives to provide each guest with comfort and warm hospitality at reasonable prices ... more
The Comfort Hotel Hakata is within walking distance from Canal City Hakata, a large shopping and entertainment plaza with many restaurants, known
The Grand Hyatt Fukuoka hotel is in Canal City Hakata, a multi-dimensional complex of business, entertainment and shopping facilities in the heart of Fukuoka. Just five kilometres from Fukuoka International Airport, our hotel in Fukuoka Japan ... more
Located adjacent to the Shinkansen exit of the Kyushu Hakata Station (JR line). Convenient for both business and sightseeing purposes in Kyushu. Provides sincere hospitality and comfort ... more
The Hyatt Regency Fukuoka Hotel is an outstanding combination of the comfort and service of a traditional hotel in Japan with the extraordinary post-modern architecture of a world-famous landmark. Our hotel in Fukuoka Japan is only 20 minutes' drive ... more
Location of Mitsui Urban Hotel in Fukuoka is ideal for those who like to get the maximum out of their holidays. It’s situated in the junction of the two fold city- Fukuoka & Hakata. The hotel can be easily accessed by the Hakata Station ... more
Situated in front of JR Kokura Station in Kita-kyushu, this high-rise urban hotel ascends majestically 30 floors or 433ft. from the ground. It welcomes guests with top-quality services and with both convention and community functions ... more
The hotel is centrally located and just a ten minutes drive from Fukuoka Airport or a few minutes walk from JR Hakata Station. It is a convenient location for both business and sightseeing with easy access around the city ... more
Business Plan Cover Letter Template. Thank You for visiting CHEAPHPHOSTING. Nowadays were excited to declare that we have discovered an incredibly interesting topic to be pointed out, namely Business Plan Cover Letter Template. Lots of people attempting to find info about master bedroom design ideas and certainly one of them is you, is not it?
There are particular explanation why you are researching for specifics about Business Plan Cover Letter Template Best Elemental Including , but certainly, you are looking for fresh suggestions for your needs. We found this on the internet sources and we suppose this is one of many awesome content for reference. And you know, initially when I first found it, we loved it, we hope you are too. We know, we may own diverse opinion, but, what we do just plan to support you in finding more suggestions about Business Plan Cover Letter Template Best Elemental Including .
Regarding Image description: Image has been added by author. We thank you for your visit to CHEAPHPHOSTING. Make sure you get the information you are looking for business plan cover letter templates format in example systematic . Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the Business Plan Cover Letter Template website that is not Business Plan Cover Letter Template property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Home Decor claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Counter Height Rustic Table Published by Administrator on August 24, 2018 at 9:10 pm.There are 25 images in the gallery of Counter Height Rustic Table. Find Beautiful Rustic Design Ideas for New Inspiration Today on Rustic Ideas Category.
Here we have 25 beautiful pictures about Counter Height Rustic Table. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to see the high pictures, simply just click the images and you will be redirected to extra large page of Counter Height Rustic Table.
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not ngosummitla.com's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
It’s no surprise that sleep is good for your health and is vital for your overall well-being. But here are some surprising benefits and tips on how sleep can help your skin! We all love to sleep! It is a
Stress can make psoriasis worse, people often get caught in a vicious cycle. Stress can cause your psoriasis to flare up and the stress of living with psoriasis increases, as you can see this cycle is what makes it harder
The skin is a natural barrier protecting your body from the external environment. It becomes less effective as aging occurs and becomes easily dry and less robust when it comes in contact with irritating substances. Few simple skin care strategies
If you are preparing yourself for an important meeting, or when you need to get ready for your big presentation, out of nowhere you find your eczema flaring right up. Doctors and experts have known for years that stress can
Melasma is a skin problem which is characterized by a stubborn tan or brown, flat pigmentation on the forehead, cheeks, and occasionally the chin. It is more common in women than men, but very rare for men. It is also
1. First, make sure that the username and password in the configuration file of database are valid, or the configuration file should be edited.
First, make sure that the username and password in the configuration file of database are valid, or the configuration file should be edited.
Cynthia Ann McKinney Biography - Brought New Face to Washington, Learned from Her Father, Awakened to Racism, Became State Legislator - JRank Articles
Cynthia Ann McKinney Biography - Brought New Face to Washington, Learned from Her Father, Awakened to Racism, Became State Legislator
The first black woman from the state of Georgia ever to fill a Congressional seat, Cynthia McKinney has proven a maverick presence on Capitol Hill. A liberal Democrat, McKinney first represented Georgia's 11th district, which encompassed 22 counties and parts of suburban Atlanta, Augusta, and Savannah, before redistricting moved her to the 4th district. McKinney's trademark gold running shoes and braided hair became symbols of her challenge to the mostly white, mostly male U.S. Congress. A divorced working mother who grew up during the civil rights era, she appreciates the needs of the poor, of blacks, and of women. Though McKinney was defeated in her reelection bid of 2002, after controversy over her criticisms of President Bush's foreign policy. she won reelection in 2004 and returned to Congress determined to continue her fight.
In an Atlanta Journal/Constitution profile, McKinney reflected that her ability to win a seat in Congress is nothing less than a mandate from common Americans for more sensitive representation in the national government. "Now we have people in Congress who are like the rest of America," she said. "It's wonderful to have ordinary people making decisions about the lives of ordinary Americans. It brings a level of sensitivity that has not been there." Asked about the role black female legislators hope to play in Congress, McKinney declared in the Washington Post : "We're shaking up the place. If one of the godfathers says you can't do this, my next question is: 'Why not? And, who are you to say we can't?'"
McKinney first joined Congress in 1992 as a member of "an energetic and aggressive coterie of black female lawmakers," to quote Washington Post correspondent Kevin Merida. Since then she has proven to be an independent thinker who challenges conservative colleagues on such issues as abortion rights, welfare reform, and accepting gifts and services from lobbyists. In Newsweek, Bill Turque noted that from her first entree into the "kingdom ruled by an aging white patriarchy of Brooks Brothers pinstripes," McKinney "stood in bold relief: a divorced, black, single mother with gold canvas tennis shoes, flowing, brightly patterned skirts and hair braided in elaborate cornrows."
The congresswoman from Georgia has never let anyone intimidate her, from the president to the parking attendants in the House garage: she feels a powerful call to be an example not only to her own constituents but also to other black women. "My father cries every time he sees me on C-SPAN because people like me don't get this far," she told The Hill. "Especially black politicians like me." She paused and then added: "Especially black politicians from the South like me."
One of Cynthia McKinney's earliest memories is that of following her father to a sit-in at the segregated Sheraton Biltmore Hotel in Atlanta. Born in 1955, she was only four years old when the civil rights movement gained momentum, largely through the efforts of people like her father, Billy, a retired police officer and Georgia state legislator. Billy and his second wife Leola McKinney were determined to give their daughter opportunities that they had been denied as youngsters. Concerned about her education, they sent Cynthia to Catholic school, a decision that has had lasting ramifications in the congresswoman's life. At first the young McKinney was so taken with Catholic school that she announced her intention of becoming a nun. "The nuns wear the ring, and they say that they're married to God," she explained in the Atlanta Journal/Constitution. "I just thought that was what you wanted to be in life." Later she chose other career paths, but remained a member of the Catholic Church despite her parents being Baptists.
McKinney attended Catholic schools through high school graduation and then decided to leave her native Atlanta to study at the University of Southern California. She was not particularly happy there, but her parents encouraged her to stay, and she earned a bachelor's degree in 1978. The following year found her back on the civil rights path with her father. They traveled together to Alabama to protest the conviction of Tommy Lee Hines, a retarded black man accused of raping a white woman. For the first time since her earliest childhood, McKinney encountered the full force of racism at the protest.
McKinney was threatened by Ku Klux Klansmen in full regalia. Eventually the National Guard had to be called to the event, and four people were wounded by gunfire. "That was probably my day of awakening," McKinney recalled in the Washington Post. "That day, I experienced hatred for the first time. I learned that there really are people who hate me without even knowing me. … Prior to that day, everything was theory. On that day, I saw fact. That was when I knew that politics was going to be something I would do."
Entering graduate school to study international relations, McKinney began to pursue a doctorate at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy of Tufts University. She worked on a thesis about the satellite states of the former Soviet Union. In 1984 she became a diplomatic fellow at Spelman College in Atlanta, and she has also taught political science at Clark Atlanta University and Agnes Scott College. Her short-lived marriage to a Jamaican politician, Coy Grandison, ended in the mid-1980s. McKinney says little in the press about her former husband, with whom she had one son. "Suffice it to say, he was no prince in shining armor," she commented in the Washington Post. "My radar just went down."
McKinney was still living in Jamaica in 1986 when, unbeknownst to her, her father put her name on the ballot for the Georgia state legislature. By that time Billy McKinney had become a respected state politician himself and was a leader among black lawmakers in the Georgia State House of Representatives. His daughter thought her inclusion on the ballot was just a joke—until she earned 20 percent of the vote in that district without any effort. She returned to Atlanta with her young son, sought a divorce, and entered state politics in earnest in 1987.
McKinney easily won her first election to the Georgia State House of Representatives in 1988. She joined her father in the legislature–becoming the only father-daughter lawmaker team in the country–and immediately began to prove that she would set her own course. "[My father] thought he was going to have another vote, but once I got in there, we disagreed on everything and I ended up voting against him all the time," McKinney remembered in Cosmopolitan. "I was a chip off the old block, a maverick."
Born on March 17, 1955, in Atlanta, GA; daughter of Billy (a state legislator) and Leola (a retired nurse) McKinney; married Coy Grandison, c. 1983 (divorced); children: Coy Grandison, Jr. Education : University of Southern California, BA, 1978; Tufts University, MA in law and diplomacy; University of California, Berkeley, pursuing a PhD, 2000–.
Career : Spelman College, Atlanta, GA, diplomatic fellow, 1984; professor of political science at Clark Atlanta University and Agnes Scott College, c. 1986-88; Georgia State House of Representatives, Augusta, representative, 1988-92; congresswoman from Georgia's 11th district, 1992-2002, 2004–.
Memberships : National Council of Negro Women; National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP); Sierra Club; Congressional Black Caucus; Progressive Caucus; Women's Caucus (secretary, 1994-96).
Never was that more apparent than the day Cynthia McKinney stood in the Georgia legislature to condemn George Bush's decision to send troops to fight in the Persian Gulf. Declaring that President Bush "should be ashamed of himself," McKinney earned hisses from her colleagues, and quite a number of them walked out of the chamber. She was stunned by that reaction. "Those guys treated me like dirt. They were so nasty and mean," she said in the Atlanta Journal/Constitution. "Everything I did after that was suspect." Opponents, reveling in her troubles, took to calling her "Hanoi Cynthia."
In the late 1980s Cynthia McKinney joined a group of state legislators who were pressing Georgia's Justice Department to ensure proportional representation for blacks in the U.S. Congress. McKinney and her colleagues were successful in winning the right to draw three new congressional districts in such a way that they would have large populations of blacks. The 11th was one of the new districts. Its boundaries stretched 250 miles—roughly the same area as the whole state of New Jersey—through rural, suburban, and urban areas of 22 counties and three major Georgia cities. Predominantly Democratic, and 60 percent black, the district elected McKinney to Congress in an easy victory in 1992.
American voters elected 110 new members—or "freshmen"—to Congress in 1992. McKinney was among them and, very quickly, she established herself as a leader and innovator. She was named secretary of the Democratic freshman class, and she lobbied—unsuccessfully—for a place on the prestigious House Rules Committee. After new assignments had been made, McKinney found herself on the Agriculture Committee and the International Relations Committee. She also found that life in Washington would present its own set of problems. As Bill Turque put it, "Months after most freshmen were recognizable figures on Capitol Hill, McKinney still found herself treated like a wayward tourist."
In February 1993, a House elevator operator tried to order McKinney off a members-only car. In April, a Capitol garage attendant confronted her and two staff members and asked edgily: "Who you folks supposed to be with?" She had assumed that over time such institutional slights would cease. But in early August, after a Capitol Hill police officer grabbed her by the arm at a metal detector that members are allowed to bypass, McKinney complained to House Sergeant-at-Arms Werner Brandt. "There's not that many people here who look like me," she told him.
The "institutional slights" have declined since many members of Congress have come to recognize McKinney. The gold tennis shoes and cornrow braids have actually helped to establish her visibility and individuality on the House floor. According to the congresswoman in the Atlanta Journal/Constitution, the gold shoes were not meant to become a trademark item. "My feet were hurting, and I was complaining to my mother about these floors [in Washington]," she recalled. "My mom looks in a magazine, sees these gold tennis shoes, orders them and told me that I could wear those shoes. I wore them on the House floor, and the men loved it. They would come by and see if I had on my tennis shoes."
The braids were a simple timesaving expedient that McKinney absolutely refused to change, even if they might cost her an election. "A lot of people judge me based on a stereotype," McKinney explained. "They look at me, they see a black woman, they say, She's got to be another Maxine Waters (a fiery liberal from Los Angeles). Well, heck, I don't mind being another Maxine Waters when it comes to the strength and force of advocacy. But to judge me in my entirety by what I look like is quite base."
Working in Washington, D.C., and trying to be a presence in a far-flung district has proven a challenge both for McKinney and for her young son, Coy. At first McKinney thought she might be able to cover all of her Capitol Hill business in just three days out of each week. That quickly proved impossible, and she soon found herself juggling a full congressional schedule, weekend visits to her state offices, and quality time with her son, who lives in Atlanta with his grandparents. The adjustment was difficult, but Coy has had the benefits of summer vacations in Washington and the opportunity to meet the president and numerous visiting dignitaries.
McKinney reflected on the difficulties of single parenting in a 1994 Ebony profile. "While on the one hand, my commitment to the public good and public service is a part of what I stand for politically, I can't do that at the expense of raising my child," she said. "I've tried to expose my son to that public expectation and I think he rolls with the punches much better than I do." She added: "Even with its difficulties, the fact that I'm a member of Congress allows me to expose my son to all of the diversity of American life and to the world. It's been a positive experience for me and for him."
An acknowledged liberal who sometimes votes against liberal interests if they collide with those of her constituents, McKinney established a vocal presence on Capitol Hill. She supported President Clinton's legislative agenda on numerous occasions, but despite much presidential prodding, she voted against the controversial North American Free Trade Agreement in 1993. On behalf of her district, she enlisted the Environmental Protection Agency to help clean up an Augusta neighborhood tainted with industrial pollution, and she obtained federal money to pave some of the rural roads. At the same time, she challenged the powerful kaolin companies in her district and urged the Justice Department to investigate antitrust violations among the kaolin mines. She has also been a presence on the Congressional Black Caucus, the Progressive Caucus, and the Women's Caucus.
In the middle of her second term in Congress, McKinney faced a potentially devastating blow in 1995 when the United States Supreme Court ruled that the boundaries of her 11th district were unconstitutional, as they had been drawn solely on the basis of race. Overnight McKinney became the symbol of a new sort of civil rights struggle as politicians fought to redraw Georgia's congressional districts to suit their interests. Before the redrawing, McKinney's 11th district had been 60 percent black; after the redrawing, the new 4th district was just 32 percent black. In a heated 1996 election contest that saw her father discharged from her campaign for accusing her opponent of being a "racist Jew," McKinney pulled off a major surprise, winning the seat with 59 percent of the vote and becoming the first black woman elected to represent a Congressional district with a white majority.
Not only did McKinney win her seat, she kept it, winning reelection in 1998 and 2000. Her growing seniority allowed her access to more prestigious committee assignments, including posts on the National Security Committee and the International Relations Committee (as a member of the latter's International Operations and Human Rights Subcommittee). She became increasingly interested in foreign policy, offering support to new governments in the African countries of Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo. She also became a vocal supporter of the idea of creating a Palestinian state in Israeli-occupied territory, a stance that won her the support of Arabs and Muslims throughout the world. It was this latter stance, however, that brought McKinney into her greatest controversy in office.
Even before the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, McKinney was a vocal critic of American policy in the Middle East, especially in Iraq. She openly criticized President Bush's pre-9/11 policies on Iraq, and her criticisms became even more vocal after the attacks. She lambasted New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani when he refused an offer of $10 million in aid from a Saudi Arabian prince. Then, she indicated that President Bush may have known about the 9/11 attacks before they occurred and that his business associates had profited from the war of terror that followed the attack. McKinney's comments—often misquoted or misrepresented by a media eager for sensation—soon sparked a firestorm of controversy. A fellow legislator from her home state, Senator Zell Miller, called her "loony" and the National Review called her a "race-baiting conspiracy theorist." She was labeled as pro-terrorist by her political enemies, and it didn't help that she received campaign donations from Arab groups, including some who were linked to terrorism. In the election of 2002, McKinney could not overcome the negative associations she had earned in the last several years and she was defeated by another black female candidate, Denise Majette.
Despite the catastrophe of the 2002 election, McKinney ran for and was reelected to Congress in 2004. According to her campaign Web site, she intends to direct her "maximum effort into redirecting America's spending priorities to our children, seniors, neighborhoods, environment, veterans, and for peace." It remains to be seen whether McKinney will return to her role as a lighting rod for controversy, or whether she will be better known for her consistent efforts to work on behalf of her constituents.
Atlanta Journal/Constitution, November 4, 1992, p. 8B; December 13, 1992, p. 10A; April 25, 1993, p. 2D; July 30, 1995, p. 3M.
1. It is curious that she was enrolled in a Masters program in Industrial Management at Georgia Tech in the Fall of 1977 when she had not yet earned her BS, maybe she had a delay in completing her BS, which is why alumni of the program at Tech do not recall ever seeing her?
Please contact us for more information about our new apartments in Malaga, or fill in the registration of interest form so we will contact you.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our site. If you continue to use this site, we assume that you accept this.I understand
Every rail is built to your stairs specific dimensions. We offer free estimates and provide drawings so you know exactly what you are paying for. Here are some of the ornamental iron components that can be added to the step rails.
Thank you for the wonderful web site you created dedicated to Canine Liver Disease. I’ve found the information helpful in understanding the disease diagnosis I just received for my 5-year old male German Shepherd, Karna (a rescue).
After treatment in August from my veterinarian for cracking and flaking paws and lethargy proved unsuccessful, she referred me to the North Carolina State University Veterinary School for a diagnosis at their dermatology clinic. I took him last week and was informed that Karna had Phenobarbital induced (he has a history of seizures) Hepatocutaneous Syndrome – also known as necrolytic migratory erythema (NME). This is apparently a new and extremely rare disorder. They want to start a treatment on him quickly that will cost $750-1500 initially, with one or two additional treatments possible and ongoing therapies of injections (administered by yours truly) 3-4 times a day.
Here’s the reason for my email: I am currently unemployed and have been for some time (my profession is tied to the construction industry – hardest hit in this economy, as you probably know). I received my last unemployment insurance check in June and my wife and I are hanging on by a thread. This event with Karna has already put us in debt to the tune of nearly $1200 on top of an additional $700 we spent in February at another specialist (canine neurologist) for treatment of anticonvulsant toxicity he was diagnosed with then. I’m not complaining, I’d do it all over again. We love our boy very much. But we’re facing the reality now of having to make a decision between treatment or euthanasia because we have come to the end of our financial resources. I have asked the NCSU Vet School if we would qualify for financial assistance. The person who makes that decision is out until this Monday when I am scheduled to take Karna in for treatment. So we do not yet know if we will qualify. But we are taking a leap of faith and going ahead with the treatment in the hopes that we will be approved for assistance. However, if we are NOT approved, we will be in financial trouble and likely will be at the tipping point of being able to pay our bills. So I want to ask you if you can direct me to any other organizations that might be able to help my wife and I pay for Karna’s treatments.
Karna is probably the sweetest dog I’ve ever owned. He loves absolutely everyone and doesn’t have a mean bone in his body. He is a frequent hugger, known to wrap his long neck around the legs of those he meets. He deserves a shot at regaining his health. He’s been a brave boy through all of his misery and we want so much to save him. He has many years left in this world if we can do so. The doctor who will be treating him (Dr. Olivery) is optimistic that the treatments will help Karna regain liver function, but admits that only time will tell. Unfortunately, because of the economic downturn, the timing for all of us in this matter couldn’t be worse. I am not one to ask for charity, but I see no other course right now if I wish to try and save my buddy. Any information or help you might be able to provide is very, very much appreciated.
You can also donate DIRECTLY TO OUR CAUSE - Click on our button below to choose from various donation amounts
2018-11-02 16:00:00 2018-11-02 17:00:00 America/New_York Art Experiences Engage your imaginative self with open-ended art explorations. Examine the works of art masters and explore various mediums such as paint, pastels and clay. All materials are included. Parma Branch
Add to Calendar 2018-11-02 16:00:00 2018-11-02 17:00:00 America/New_York Art Experiences Engage your imaginative self with open-ended art explorations. Examine the works of art masters and explore various mediums such as paint, pastels and clay. All materials are included. Parma Branch
Engage your imaginative self with open-ended art explorations. Examine the works of art masters and explore various mediums such as paint, pastels and clay. All materials are included.
Sponsored by the Friends of Parma Libraries. No registration is required but attendance may be limited due to space considerations.
Participants may be recorded and/or surveyed to capture this program’s effectiveness. Learn more about parent options at www.cuyahogalibrary.org/parent-options.
Passport processing and photo services are available at this location 7 days a week, no appointment necessary.
Please join us for a discussion of News of the world by Paulette Jiles. Books will be available one month prior to the discussion.
In partnership with the Greater Cleveland Food Bank we will provide nutritious meals for children after school.
A casual conversation group where new English speakers can practice conversation skills with native speakers. Refreshments provided. No registration. Sponsored by the Friends of Parma Libraries.
An Ohio Means Jobs Employment Specialist is available for job placement and individualized job planning services. Please call ahead to confirm the Job Specialists availability.
Please contact the branch for this month's selection. Sponsored by the Friends of the Parma Library. Pick up books at the circulation desk one month before the discussion.
Join us after school as we transform the teen space into a place for creating. The program starts on Sept 5 – Dec. 12. No programs on Oct. 31 and Nov. 21. Click on Maker Club for more information.
Join us for a discussion of The Chilbury Ladies' Choir by Jennifer Ryan. No Registration Required. Books available 30 days prior to discussion.
Are you a LEGOTM fanatic? Want to tackle building challenges with friends? Bring your imagination and we'll supply the bricks.
Drop in and make a craft to take home. Make-and-takes are available until supplies run out. Sponsored by the Friends of Parma Libraries.
Do you love LEGO? Come build with us! We supply the bricks you supply the imagination. Registration required.
The Library offers FREE tech training classes that cover digital literacy basics, Windows 10, Microsoft Office programs, digital imaging and cloud computing.
Calling all Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelists. Bring your cards and join us for casual and or tournament play. Players of all levels welcome. Prizes! Sponsored by the Friends of the Parma Library
Bring you trading cards or 3DS to duel or battle with other players. Prizes! Sponsored by the Friends of the Parma Libraries.
Hands-on building and technology challenges give you the chance to solve problems, be creative and work with real engineers. Sponsored by STAR Net and the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE).
Discover many ways you can take the stuff and stress out of gift giving, and enjoy the holidays more.
Help families make gingerbread houses. Earn Community Service Hours! Sponsored by the Friends of the Parma Libraries.
Listen to stories and make a graham-cracker gingerbread house for the holiday season. Bring candy for decorating if you wish.
Please join us for a discussion of Killers of the flower moon: The Osage murders and the birth of the FBI by David Grann. Books will be available one month prior to the discussion.
Come and listen as the Garfield Memorial UMC Handbells Choir performs holiday favorites. This program is made possible with support from the Friends of the Parma Library. Registration is required.
Join us for a discussion of Last Night at the Lobster by Stewart O'Nan. No Registration Required. Book available 30 days before discussion. Sandy Althoff, discussion leader
In an era of economic uncertainty, layoffs, and hiring freezes, creating and promoting a top-flight personal brand that stands out in the crowd is more important than ever.
In Fresh Passion: Get a Brand Or Die A Generic, Michael D. Brown shows you how to employ the Fresh Passion methodology to build a personal brand that will maximize your potential and help you to achieve success beyond your dreams in whatever field you choose. Whether you are an executive, an entrepreneur, a tradesperson, an educator, a student, or a member of any other vocation, Fresh Passion is the pathway to outperform and outshine your peers and competitors and obtain the professional and personal rewards you deserve.
Brown outlines the Fresh Passion method in easy-to-follow detail, with plenty of interactive worksheets and quizzes to keep you engaged in the process and on the right track. You will discover how to create an entire experience you can present to employers, bosses, clients, and co-workers that will leave them begging for your services and expertise. With Fresh Passion, you can avoid the pitfalls of a generic career and instead obtain the benefits that come from being a branded entity.
Inject some Fresh Passion into your life and your career today! It’s never too soon to prevent a generic death and never too late to create a winning brand that will guarantee you long-term personal and professional success that does not waver–even when the economy starts to shake.
For leadership coaching, professional development training, customer service training, customer service tips, college success tips, or to learn how to build a personal brand, how to improve customer service, or how to succeed in college, contact Michael D Brown, a premier leadership speaker, customer service speaker, and college motivational speaker at http://www.myfreshbrand.com, http://www.freshcustomerservice.com, or http://www.52collegesuccesstips.com.
Tags: 52 college success tips, book trailer, build a personal brand, business coaching, career development, college motivational speaker, college success tips, customer service speaker, customer service tips, customer service training, fresh customer service, fresh passion, how to succeed in college, improve customer service, leadership coaching, leadership speaker, michael d brown, my fresh brand, personal branding, personal development, professional development training, self help
Look who is that Star Trek photo shoot guy. That's right... it's 'Science Officer Schaefer'. Least I'm not a red shirt.
Amazing food and drink at Panita's Thai Kitchen. It was pretty memorable as there were 60+ MPH winds blowing and storms a brewing. Good stuff for an open patio restaurant. It was so epic!
It's Alex Skalicky's birthday celebration at Elmyr. We love Alex so much, a bunch of us chipped in an bought him a "Big Green Egg'. I'm pretty sure it was the biggest on they make. Rebekah and I enjoyed some BBQ ribs, drinks and other Elmyr antics. I think that Kanka guy was there too.
Then later that evening, Rebekah and I went to Scub Steves for some more drinking and some water balloon fight action. Scub Steve has a rad bowling ball.
Josh (W) points out that he beat me (TITS). What can I say other than I just couldn't nail the Bullseye.
The TJC online magazine, keeping you up to date with the latest in jewellery trends and designs, interviews and behind the scenes sneak peeks!
Graduated from James Madison University with a B.A. in Media Arts and Design and a minor in Communication Studies
| Welcome to Social Spotlight! When I'm not covering a variety of technology and communications industries - everything from the cloud and VoIP to customer relationship management and data centers - you will find me on social media. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, foursquare, YouTube, Tumblr... you name it, I'm there
Last night I went to the Justin Bieber concert in Madison Square Garden. (Yes, I am a Belieber.) The two nights in the Big Apple sold out in 30 seconds when tickets went on sale earlier this year, and his entire Believe tour sold out in just an hour. Pretty impressive for an eighteen-year-old. This is worth noting for two reasons.
An infographic posted on Socially Aware, a Morrison & Foerster blog devoted to the law and business of social media, highlights the growing impact of social media. The infographic shows that social media accounts for 18 percent of time spent online -- the average time Americans spend on social networking has more than doubled, going up from 2.7 hours in 2006 to 6.9 hours in 2011, and socializing in person has gone down from 22.8 hours in 2006 to 21 hours in 2011.
Not surprisingly, Facebook remains at the top of social networks visited with the average time visitors spend on the site per month at 6.75 hours. Tumblr and Pinterest are tied for second place with 1.5 hours per month, followed by Twitter, LinkedIn and Google+.
Everyone has their own opinions when it comes to baby names. Apple, Blanket, Bronx, Blue Ivy and Egypt are all names that you wouldn’t typically pair with a baby’s name…but what are you going to do? It’s free speech. The latest in the whirlwind of abnormal baby names is Hashtag Jameson.
The month of November is like the preseason to holiday shopping. Companies are prepping for the first game of the season, Black Friday. Sephora has embraced social media this holiday with Pinterest, Twitter and Facebook campaigns to pump customers up for this shopping season.
Pinterest: Users can create their ultimate holiday beauty wishlist and enter to win a Sephora by OPI GelShine At-Home Gel Colour System.
Election night is two weeks behind us, but Laura Olin, a social media strategist for the Obama campaign, has just opened up about what it’s like to be the voice of the President online. Election night not only made history for declaring Barack Obama’s second term in the White House, but it made social media history as well.
The tweet, “Four more years,” accompanied by a photo of the first couple hugging, has received more than 816,800 tweets and 298,700 favorites. The same photo was uploaded to Facebook and also bashed records.
Tagged: Barack Obama presidential campaign 2008, BarackObama, Election Day, Facebook, President of the United States, Twitter, United States, White House : Related Tags: social media, millions people, president united, united states, election night, social
Welcome to “Social Spotlight,” a social media blog designed to be your go-to resource for everything about connecting your world to your people via technology.
My name is Rachel Ramsey and I am a Web Editor here at TMCnet. I’ve worked my way up from the bottom of the TMC totem pole, from interning to freelance writing, and now working to help TMCnet provide the top technology and communications news to the industry as a Web Editor. I am a recent graduate of James Madison University, where I received a B.A. in Media Arts and Design and a Communication Studies minor.
About one and a half month ago E and I went on a roadtrip. Our first stop was at my grandma's, she lives in the north of Sweden (compared to Gothenburg anyway) and it's so damn beautiful up there. E:s bday also happened which we celebrated by drinking beer by the sea. <3
The Naming is the first book in a planned tetralogy (that means four books - isn't that a cool word?).
The story is about sixteen-year-old Maerad who has been a slave her whole life. Cadvan of Lirigon, a bard (kind of magician and keeper of the Balance between the Light and the Dark) happens to meet her and recognizes that she is a very powerful, but untrained bard herself. With Cadvan, she escapes her master and begins training to discover who she really is, and her true name (revealed to a bard when they are trained and "instated").
As Cadvan learns more about Maerad, he suspects that she is The One. It has been foretold in legend and in foredreams that The One will save the land of Annar from the spreading Darkness.
As Cadvan and Maerad travel the breadth of Annar from the western edge at the slave camp of Gilman's Cot, through forests and moors and towns and hamlets, to the great "School" at Norloch on the eastern shore, they are pursued by Hulls (bards who have gone over to the Dark - the Nameless One). who want to keep The One from her destiny.
This is an exciting adventure story. It has an epic quality very much like the Lord of the Rings, but I like that the main character is a girl. Also, it is not a "children's book;" definitely for older middle school students to adult. The books are 500+ pages, but, even so, the first one was so good, I couldn't put it down.
'Anything Zuck can do, we can do better...' Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg might think his company broke new ground by building its Facebook Home skin for Android around the idea of "people first," but according to Microsoft, all the social network has done is borrow a page from Redmond's playbook.…
We pre-moderate any comments and welcome all kinds of thoughts, supportive, dissenting, critical or otherwise. We delete or censor comments that are:
We do not discriminate based on the person who is posting, and we never censor comments for political or ideological reasons. We never delete an appropriate comment because we disagree with its viewpoint or ideology, and we never publish an inappropriate comment because we agree with or support its viewpoint or ideology.
Attention spammers: we manually approve all comments. Spamming and blatant advertising will NOT be published on this site and is deleted immediately, you've been warned, do not waste your time here.
Nestle has launched quality street ,lion and after 8 choclates imported from Europe. Qualtty Street is an assortment of chocolates priced at Rs. 7 5 for 218 gm. After Eight is a popular adult chocolate priced at Rs.25 for 20 gm and Lion is a caramel wafer bar priced at Rs. 20 for a 45 gm bar. (Kit Kat )is priced at Rs. 6 for a 17 gm bar and has a chocolaty taste while Lion has a crunchy taste). The brands have different tastes and will appeal to different target segments (though the target segment is one which may have already been exposed to these brands during visits abroad). These brands have been introduced in metros in upmarket stores which sell brands bears the label “lmported by Nestle India Ltd.” indicating that they may be better than smuggled ones (which may be stale).
Suggest suitable media /media vehicles for promoting these brands. Give reasons in support of your answer
The herbal shampoo market is valued at around Rs. 100 crores. Ny/e, Ayur, Dqbur and Biotique are some of the established brands in the market.
Helene Curtis (JK Group) has introduced a premium herbal shampoo (with variants Shikskai, henna and qmla and brqhmi and josur) priced between Rs. 80 and Rs. 90 (500 ml) for different types of hair. The proposition is the benefits offered by lhe variant based on the combination of herbs, benefits offered by the variants range from extra protection and nourishment to colour, body and bounce. The shampoos have been launched under the brand name Premium HerbslShsmpoos and they target urban housewives with a monthly household income of Rs.25,000. The brand is distributed through 7 0,000 retail outlets and 120 Raymond shops. The company has planned only point of purchase (POP) posters initially and may consider the electronic media later. The shampoo has an annual advertising expenditure of Rs. 10 crores.
(i) Iran Rafsanjan Co., Rafsanjan City, Iran has taken a marine insurance policy No. VB/84/3629/29 dated 20th December, 2005 from Albroz Insurance Co., Kerman City, Iran for the import of 500 tractor gears from Apex Products (India) Ltd., Delhi. The exporter shipped the cargo on board vessel — SEEMA on 26th December, 2005 for Bandar Abbas Port of Iran.
As per the letter of credit condition, the exporter was required to fax the shipment details to Albroz Insurance Company within 24 hours of the shipment. However, the exporter could not fax such details due to change in telephone (fax) number of the insurance company.
(ii) Yours is a multinational company having joint venture with a Chinese company. Plant is to be located at Surat. The company immediately needs an Executive – Foreign Affairs (male/female) with ability of “writing and speaking Chinese language.
Draft a recruitment advertisement for publication under classified column of a national daily. Salary-is no bar for the right candidate. E-mail address -info@krishnafashions.com
(iii) The local head office of State Bank of India is located at 11, Parliament Street, New Delhi-110001. The bank wants to construct 76 flats at Noida for its employees and invite applications for pre-qualification of contractors. Full details are available on its website – www.sbi.co.in or www.statebankofindia.com/ procurement_news.
(ii) The Joint Admission Board (JAB) of Indian Institutes of Technology in its meeting held on 17th September, 2005 at Kolkata has taken some decisions with regard to Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) 2006, i.e., to appear in JEE, one must secure at least 60% marks (55% for SC/ST and PD) in 10+2 examination; a candidate can have only two attempts with effect from JEE-2006; and a candidate who joins any of the IITs through JEE-2006 will not be permitted to appear in JEE in future.* It was also decided that candidates, who have passed their qualifying examination in 2005 or earlier, will be allowed to appear in JEE-2006 as the last chance, witji no consideration of marks or attempts at JEE subject to age requirements. On behalf of the JAB, draft a suitable press release to be issued by organising chairman highlighting these decisions.
Burgess and Green (2009) explain that YouTube users engage with this medium “as if it is a space specifically designed for them and that should therefore serve their own particular interests”. This can have enormous positive or negative impacts for organizations involved in crisis management, including but not limited to the inability of boundary spanners to monitor the vastness of this space; malicious users who might create a crisis; and the leveraging capabilities of this platform to enhance a brand during a crisis. Just as consumers can use this social medium to create a crisis for a company and interpret an organization’s reputation throughout, so too can an organization use this medium to manage a crisis and improve its reputation. CEOs of corporates, would come to understand this dynamic as their brand can suffer a devastating blow when their own employees can upload a vulgar video demonstrating the uselessness of their product.
Zarathe Spanish clothing and accessories retailer founded in 1975,is one of the hottest fashion chains of 21st century, offering men’s clothing, women’s clothing ,cosmetics, complements and children’s clothing Since its initial public offering in 2001,Zara’s parent, Inditex tripled its sales and profits and doubled the number of stores for its flagship brands. Headquartered in Spain, Zara is now for its innovations and its stores operate in choicest locations in Europe, Asia and North America. Described by many as the most devastating retailer in the world, the company has rewritten a number of rules in the fashion retailing industry so far through its novel strategies. Any Zara store typically carries only a small batch of merchandise, compelling shoppers to visit the stores frequently. For example, in London, shoppers visit the average store four times a year, but frequent zara 17 times annually. Zara makes about 20,000items a year which are being released in phases. The small batch size helps the company catch the changes in fashion quickly and introduce new models at amazing speed-thanks to its grip over the supply chain. Every store places orders twice a week and shipments reach most European stores in about 24 hours’ time .Customers (as well as store employees) thus, are pretty sure about when shipments will arrive and visit the store frequently making enquiries. Zara has so far resisted the industry wide trend towards transferring fast fashion production to low-cost countries. By concentrating its production in-house and in Spain, Zara has developed a super–responsive supply chain. It designs, produces and delivers a new garment to its stores in mere 15 days, something very unusual in the fashion industry, compared to 6 month industry average. The company also does not believe in offering its products and discount and when it happens occasionally, it averages only 15%.Amazing to relate, Zara follows a zero advertising policy to invest percentage of revenues to opening new stores 1285 stores all over the world currently with annual sales of over $10billion. Zara is able to push competitors to the wall so far due to its ability to design, produce and deliver fashion garments efficiently and effectively, leveraging on its unique resource strengths and capabilities.
Employees were very positive about the SnapComms employee communications tools and the pilot process in general. The pilot team set up an escalation process for employees to leave feedback. “We did not receive one single negative comment about SnapComms, the offline time or anything to do with this pilot or process.” A survey was also conducted with staff in the pilot group to assess their satisfaction with each of the SnapComms tools. The results were very encouraging and endorsed the positive feedback that the Internal Communications team had received during the course of the pilot. Standard metrics that were collated for AHT, such as problem resolution, customer satisfaction and commissions were broken down so that results for the pilot and control groups could be separately identified. Improvements in resolution rates were made following the pilot. In terms of commissionable sales, the GenY pilot group performed better than the control group and their GenX and Baby Boomer counterparts, and suffered more when the offline time was withdrawn. Following were the key benefits of SnapComms channels • Messages delivered fast and read promptly by employees • Easier for employees to access critical or time-sensitive information • Comprehensive, robust reporting and measurement • Reduced volume of content sent due to content filtering and aggregation • Visual, fun and eye-catching ways to send information • Reinforced employee learning.
Do you believe that communication skills are an important part of your relationships and that good relationships are significant for a happy life? However, you’re not sure where to start to improve your communication? Improvement of communication skill is necessary for better relationships at home and work It can be so frustrating when you struggle to get what you want to say across to someone important. And equally distressing when you know you battle to be in your best state to listen and be open to hear what they have to say. This series of courses will take you on a journey to put the building blocks in place for a strong foundation for effective communication, and develop your skills that are needed for relating to others to build relationships. For the past ten years I – and my clients – have been applying this communication model and enjoying more freedom to express ourselves, and noticed how our empathy and compassion have grown as we become more understanding, more understood and able to handle the complexities of interpersonal communication. Imagine being able to pick up where the miscommunication is happening, make the necessary adjustments that are within your control, and get your message across more often while also understanding others more easily. Would that be useful? Would that improve your relationships? By unpacking the complexity of communication we can simplify it, and then you’ll know how to develop your communication skills.
Business Communication Business Communication and Etiquette Business Economics Business Ethics Business Ethics Governance & Risk Business Statistics Capital Market and Portfolio Management Consumer Behavior Corporate Finance Corporate Law Corporate Social Responsibility Cost and Management Accounting Customer Relationship Management Customs Shipping and Insurance Decision Analysis & Modeling Essentials of HRM Export Import Procedures and Documentation Financial Accounting & Analysis Financial Institutions and Market Financial Management General Management Human Resource Management India’s Foreign trade Industrial Relations & Labor Law Information System for Managers Integrated Marketing Communications International Banking and Foreign Exchange Management International Business International Marketing Logistics Management Management Theory and Practice Marketing Management Marketing of Financial Services Marketing Strategy Operations Management Organisational Behaviour Principles and Practice of Management Project Management Sales Management Strategic Cost Management Strategic Financial Management Strategic Management Supply Chain Management Taxation Direct & Indirect Total Quality Management
I don’t believe he was ever meant to last this long, either. I think they had hoped to have progressed enough by the end of his initial 2-year hitch to pass the torch onto a “win now” skipper but the putridness of the club in 2011 and 2012 actually saved Terry. And once they got good again his charm with the writers (who adore him) and players (who appear not to have tuned him out – yet) kept him going. That and the idea that you can’t whack a World Series manager. I have my disagreements with Terry and more often than I’d like I feel like his team is unprepared, but I don’t think he’s giving away much strategically to the other guy managing most nights and their clubs make mistakes too. Ultimately that’s what matters to me as a watcher of games.
All that said, I think we’re approaching a fairly substantial Changing of the Guard. No, they’re not going to fire Terry but his contract is due at the end of the year, he’s 67 years old, his place in Mets history is assured and he has turned rotten-looking clubs into contenders twice already. Alderson is 69, he’s dealt with a cancer incident, and he’s nearing a point at which he can expect to see at least two of his farm-fresh position players (Rosario and Smith) take on big-league jobs to join the pitching ranks developed or acquired under his watch. (I’d argue for more, to see Cecchini at 2nd and Zimmo! in center, even though I know it’s still early for that). Dan Warthen will be 65 later this year. 9th-String Catcher’s remarks in the below post got me thinking about him and whether he can effect the changes in approach many of his charges seem to need. While I think Warthen would be quickly scooped up were he to be set free, Terry and Sandy, as in the Springsteen songs that use their names, are going to escape this rat-trap town by the end of this LP. And then there’s David Wright.
The Mets’ promotional calendar is full every weekend day but for Saturday, Sept. 9 which is marked “TBD.” My friend who pointed this out to me noted the club took the same strategy a year ago before revealing it would be “Mike Piazza Jersey Retirement Day,” and suggested it could be David Wright Retirement Day. It surely could, but I think that’s only part of it.
So Ty has a Fathead of Wright on his wall; bought it for him about 4 years ago. He asks me about Wright at least once a week. What should I tell him?
Maybe one of these days it will be revealed that that strength trainer Jeff Wilpon hired is the root of many of the Mets’ unstoppable injury problems (Duda and Wright have both broken their backs since working with this guy; not to mention pumped-up guys like Cespendes and Syndergaard encounting trouble with all that extra muscle.
Pat Roessler whacking frees #Mets to resume distribution of No. 6 to its rightful owners: scrub middle infielders a… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
This smells a lot like the 1st Omar Takeover, where the #Mets let go of their tight grip on salaries so as to make… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 December 2001 October 2001 September 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 January 2001 August 2000 July 2000 August 201
Aaron Heilman Anderson Hernandez Billy Wagner Carlos Beltran Curtis Granderson Daniel Murphy David Wright Gary Carter Heath Bell Ike Davis Jae Seo Jason Bay Jason Vargas Jay Bruce Jerry Manuel Joe Smith John Maine Jose Reyes Kaz Matsui Kevin Plawecki Lastings Milledge Lucas Duda Luis Castillo Marlon Anderson Matt Harvey Mike DiFelice Mike Pelfrey Mike Piazza Moises Alou Neil Walker Nick Evans Noah Syndergaard Oliver Perez Omar Minaya Pedro Feliciano Ramon Castro Ruben Tejada Sandy Alderson Steve Trachsel Terry Collins TRavis d'Arnaud Ty Kelly Victor Diaz Willie Randolph Yoenis Cespedes
-- Please Choose an Option --	Vinyl Sticker Inside Window Sticker Reflective Sticker Regular Static Cling Inside Window Static Cling Magnet Material Perforated Window Vinyl
All prices are in USD Copyright 2018 M.C. Graphic Decals. Sitemap | Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce
A miracle dessert of warm, caramelized meringue on the outside, still magically full of layers of frozen ice cream on the inside. A feat of culinary ingenuity in the days of unreliable refrigeration.
The story goes that Baked Alaska was created in New York's famous Delmonico's restaurant in 1867 in celebration of the American acquisition of Alaska from Russia. Regardless of its origin, creating Baked Alaska back in the day was only for the fearless. The elements are not complicated - it's cake and ice cream and meringue, all within reach of even a moderately good chef. But the trick is in the execution. Get the temperatures wrong and you had a plate of dripping, soggy mess.
So a good chef – and access to reliable refrigeration – were key to a triumphant Baked Alaska. The dessert, in single or multiple servings, resembling a snow-topped Alaskan mountain, became almost a status symbol and a classic showstopper of a dessert.
Cruise lines got into the spirit when modern refrigeration was installed on ocean liners and Baked Alaska became the celebratory peak of cruise dining, with Baked Alaska 'parades': a procession of dining room staff each bearing a flaming Baked Alaska for each table of diners to top off an evening of formal dining. (Hilariously, often to the unofficial Baked Alaska parade theme song of 'Hot, Hot, Hot').
Baked Alaska is rarely seen in restaurants nowadays… but lives on in cruise culture. Where better than a cruise to Alaska to learn how to make this classic – and classic cruising – dish?
Regent Seven Seas Mariner's pastry chef showed BestTrip.TV his tips and tricks to perfect Baked Alaska… and shared his recipe here for you.
Free Flights, Shore Excursions, Tips and more on an All-Inclusive Luxury Mediterranean Regent Cruise
No puedo decir que algo es imposible. Los deportes evolucionan con el tiempo, cada año se rompen nuevos records. Para mí, Ronnie Coleman es el más grande y monstruoso fisicoculturista de todos los tiempos. ¿Veremos a alguien que lo supere? Tiendo a pensar que sí, solo no sé cuándo. Quizás dentro de 5 o 10 años, o tal vez 50. Hay billones de personas en este planeta, obviamente debe haber alguien con una genética mejor a la de Ronnie. Si descubren una tecnología que contribuya a que estos hombres sean cada vez más grandes y pesados, es seguro que veamos fisicoculturistas bien definidos pesando más de 160 kg algún día.
De January February March April May June July August September October November December 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
Hasta January February March April May June July August September October November December 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018
We've had a few guests through in the last week. It has involved quite a bit of cooking / feeding / generally being busy. In that kind of whirlwind, the cookery books don't get used, I default to "old faithfuls". So this morning's luxury was sitting with the French doors flung open onto a warm autumnal garden. I sat down with my latest cook book, purchased in Melbourne and written about the "Cairo Kitchen". Happy sigh. Next time someone will get experimented on from this book, as it contains so many nostalgic recipes for me.
Thousands of boys and girls go to camp every summer which include residential camps, day camps and specialty camps. Camping is an integral part of the school curriculum. What the magic in a camp experience is that it provides developmental values for our youth not discounting the link with school curriculum learning.
Of all the educational possibilities for personal growth in our present day, the camping experience stands as one of our highest. Factors supporting this statement are due to the camp setting itself, the interaction of group living, the sharing of activities and the different form of leadership offered by adults who are not parents or teachers.
A camp experience should be available to a broad scope of our young citizens. A keen look at the camping objectives will make one realize that life will be enriched and enhanced for a better preparation into adulthood:
The camping experience offers many opportunities to develop a variety of skills such as sports, crafts, water skills, nature lore, etc. The young person can explore new interests, in addition to extending already adopted interests.
In addition to the myriad of activities offered during a camp experience there’s the realization and appreciation of a “supreme being” as visualized through nature that can be felt in the open environment of the camp setting itself. Camping can effectively develop spiritual growth for every camper when camp staff and counselors will teach the appreciations of the natural setting of a community and teaching the truth by example.
Development of physical characteristics is a basic aim of camping. With diversified activities, balanced meals, trained supervision, camping increases mental and physical vigor.
Safety is a primary realization of camping. This rests upon every member of the camp community for self and others.
The most important skill of all is the promotion of social skills. The personal adjustments that campers have to make because of the intimacy of close living is a crucial need to be ready for our diverse, changing and demanding society. Camping develops pathways that lead to the understanding of others, such as persons of different races, economic levels, religions, gender and levels of capabilities.
The characteristics that our schools are premised upon, democratic living, is solidified by camp life. This is so important in our current existence, especially when we exist in a multi-cultural society.
Possibly the answer may be the evolvement of school-camps, as mentioned above, supported perhaps by public school funds and operated as an integral part of our educational programs. A school camp would characterize many of the objectives of the regular academic curriculum, but it is distinguished by a completely different environment.
Camping is fun, plus it is this atmosphere that provides a needed change of pace from the academic demands of our young people today.
The school management should consider bring students to regularly involve school pupils to an overnight school camping activities. Our group can help plan and execute camping program based on the school objectives for two days one night and three days two nights. Please contact us at visioncamps@gmail.com or visit us at http://visioncamps.webs.com, we can help you draft the program.
Planning a church retreat is hard work and there are challenges every time you think you have a handle on things. But it really doesn’t have to be that way. One thing is for certain, it will take time and a lot of due diligence on your behalf. Just remember that a poorly planned and poorly executed retreat is worse than having no retreat at all. The following is a list of helpful tips for planning a successful church retreat.
Point #1 – Why you should have a retreat? Ask yourself some pertinent questions like ”Who is this retreat for?” or ”What are their interests, needs, and wants?” Make sure that what is being offered in the retreat will hold everyone’s interest. Don’t assume that since it is interesting to you that it will be to everyone else. Ask people in the congregation/fellowship what their interests are. Get a feel for what is needed by everyone. Start to set a general objective and specific goals to see the direction of the program.
Point #2 – Choose the right facility! Find out from potential participants in the retreat what type of facilities that they are expecting. Several questions to ask are the following:
What kind of accommodations do we want — dorm rooms, motel type, or “rustic” cabins from light materials or concrete? Do we want to cook for ourselves or have the meals provided? If we do our own cooking, is there an extra charge? Do we want bathrooms in the cabins or are outside shower houses okay? Do we want “roast beef” or a “tuna surprise”? In other words are we particular about the quality of the evening meal? How much money do we want to spend, and more importantly, what is the group as a whole willing to spend? The Camp Locator is a community of campsite, retreat and conference centers with varied services that might fit to your objectives program and facility requirement.
Point #3 – Plan a program that will hold everyone’s interest! Plan a creative program inclusive of entertainment, musicians, and speakers. Make sure what you are planning fills interests and wants of the people that will be in attendance. Keep up with current trends and don’t rely on those who tell you ”this is the way we’ve always done it.” Your first reaction to that would be to say ”Well maybe that’s why no one shows up anymore” (and make sure you have that sarcastic grin on your face if it goes to that extent).
Point #4 – Money Matters is Very Important! Make sure that you have a sound budget for all this before presenting it to the board for approval. The first thing you want to do is figure out all your costs — food, lodging, leasing the facility, fees for musicians and speakers, etc. Once you have this calculated, add another 20% to that to cover incidentals and anything that pops up later. When you are determining the cost per person to help cover all these expenses, work the numbers in reverse. In other words, let’s say that the expenses will be 00,000 and you are expecting 100 people. Normally that would equate to 0 per person. Take that 00,000 and divide it by 80 instead of 100, because for every 100 people that say they will show up, 20% of them won’t. So now, you will advertise the retreat at 5 per person instead of 0 per person.
Pointer #5 – Promote, promote, promote! Start advertising the retreat 3-4 months before hand. Have flyers printed for hand outs and make sure they are in the foyer every time there is a service. Post bulletins on all the church ground bulletin boards and make sure that every bulletin that is printed has a blurb about the retreat. Here’s another tip — offer a discount on the price for early sign-ups. If you wind up losing another per person but instead of 80 people who sign up and attend it turns out to be 120 (@ 0 each), that’s 00,000. The bill is paid and anything over and above can go into the church fund for activities and expenses down the road.
For more information about planning your church retreat, church retreat ideas, corporate retreats or teambuilding programming, please visit http://visioncampsoutdooreducation.weebly.com or email us at visioncamps@gmail.com
Summer camps for churches in 2011 is too soon but most churches has been sending inquiry to the online Camp Locator list of campsite still open for their programs via sms, emailing and phone calls to see if the holy week dates that is April 20-23 are still open. When 2011 come-in, there are few campsite facilities are still open, because some facility was already booked especially the days of holy week since early October 2010 until December booking has been very important to those church doing camping ministry program annually. Until today as of the writing of this blog, I received almost 10-20 people looking for a place that will host at least 50-100 church people for their summer retreats or youth camp. There are churches after culmination of their present camp program they will immediately booked the same campsite for the next summer camp.
The most ideal campsite booking in order to have the facility required to meet certain program goals for the next summer camp with the issue of important dates would be booked from 12-6 months ahead. The statistics of this website shows Campsite Pilipinas indicated at least 175 hit a day and increasingly during Saturday and Sunday.
The Camp Locator of Campsite Pilipinas is dedicated to connect campers from churches, schools, communities and corporate groups to the community of campsite facility owner or sponsoring groups that provides services of facilities and programs that are all intended to honor God with this type of ministry such as retreats, camps, workshop-seminar and conferences.
It is on the camp leaders (i.e. churches) to try to make booking for the next summer retreats, training or school camping ahead of time to avoid the cramming situations and you will be assured of the specific dates that your camp team set in order to meet your specific objectives.
Camp Attended: 1st Camp: LCD/DC Camps with IVCF in Talisay Batangas in 1981; 2nd Camp: Kawayan Camp '82 Summer April-May Student Leadership in Sibonga, Cebu;
Camp Organization: Formerly the National Director and pioneer of the Christian Camping International Philippines. Jo Racaza now is into camp ministry training, consulting, teambuilding and campsite development as well as programming in camping and outdoor education with his family initiated organization's VISION CAMPS OUTDOOR EDUCATION INC.
Language of document : Bulgarian Spanish Czech Danish German Estonian Greek English French Italian Latvian Lithuanian Hungarian Maltese Dutch Polish Portuguese Romanian Slovak Slovene Finnish Swedish Croatian
The following photographs were taken at Middleton Place Plantation, A National Historic Landmark with 18th Century Elegance in America's Oldest Landscaped Gardens.
Bravo Home Design Here's Why You Need THIS Rug Listen up, friends: There is an area rug on Wayfair that (as of today) has 13,526 postive reviews, including more 11,000 five-star testimonials. Go Now
On our way to Perugia for the Europe’s biggest Chocolate festival we stopped in a random little town on lake Trasimeno that was really pretty. It had the world’s largest frying pan where they apparently cook some fish up every year for a festival.
And on to a HUGE festivale di Chocolate! It was a bit crowded and crazy, but we did get to eat lot’s of chocolate. Jonah got a balloon sword, and then popped it by swinging it at a stranger, he was very upset. Grandpa got him a new one and then he didn’t want it…the joys of children. (And of course the patience of Grandparents!)
Some of the booths were swarming with bees, which scared business away…I felt bad for them! I think it was the booths that had real fruit flavored chocolate.
This is a placeholder page for Jean Barett, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Jean Barett.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Jean Barett. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Jean Barett. We created this page automatically in hopes Jean Barett would find it. If you are not Jean Barett, but are an alumni of Bartram High School, register on this site for free now.
Erik is keen to get to know more about Ondina, but after accidentally transforming into a mermaid in front of Erik, Ondina is devastated. She pleads with Erik to keep the truth about her to himself, but Erik has a surprising secret of his own!
Topic 3: Development of a platform for federated and privacy-preserving machine learning in support of drug discovery
International collaboration with Hungary for the development of marketable products or services in the fields of biotechnology, process engineering and ICT
Eligibility Start-ups: max 5 years from founding, with headquarters in Baden-Württemberg, max 100 employees and max total assets of 20 million
Main Features Innovative projects in sustainable mobility, environmental technology, renewable energy and resource efficiency, Health Economics, Life Sciences, ICT, Green IT and Smart Products
Eligibility SMEs (as single applicant or in cooperation with universities, research institutes or other enterprises)
Main Features For start-up and SMEs that are active in modern biotechnology or want to expand their range of activities into biotechnology
Promote bioeconomic projects and all branches of biotechnology, including the development of therapeutics, diagnostics and vaccines.
Allocation of at least 60% of the overall budget to consortium partner(s) from industry; or a minimum of 2 industry partners out of a consortium of 3 or 4; or a minimum of 3 industry partners out of a consortium of 5
Main Features FTI accelerates the market uptake of ground-breaking innovations by providing funding in an open, accessible scheme that nurtures ideas from consortia of innovators of all types and sizes from across Europe
A general presentation about the programme providing clients with helpful information about Eurostars: May 29 from 11:00 to 12:00. Registration: https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/6347351274318194434
A webinar for applicants providing clients with straightforward information about the Eurostars application process: July 17 from 11:00 to 12:00. Registration: https://attendee.gotowebinar.com/register/8933516972056816898
This boat - and we can call her a boat even if it deals with a dinghy with a rigid hull, even if her dimensions are remarkable - has been equipped with a set of computers in the cabin and on the deck, equipped with USC and scart plugs for their interconnection, three flat plasma monitors integrated with the boat navigation system, a GSM system with three-band telephones, a top quality Hi-Fi, vhf, ssb, plotter, radar, automatic pilot, three-data log.
The interiors include a large owner's cabin provided with a wide table, a generous double berth and comfortable capacious wardrobe. The owner's bathroom too is very large (inside the boat is very high) while the guest bathroom is smaller, the dinette on deck can be converted into a cabin with two beds.
All the interiors are made of a special exclusive plastic and the alcantara seats are the only luxury: in fact, the riggings of this boat are deliberately spartan, upon owner's request, with solutions that make her comfortable in any situations according to the owner's navigation requirements.
Upperdeck the high stainless grabrail makes ways safe: they are covered with teak as well as the whole deck, giving a further touch of elegance to the whole.
The sunbathing areas are placed both at bow and abaft; in the middle there is a large deck, upon owner's request, completely open but it can be sheltered in three manners. The first is made of transparent vertically sliding curtains, the second is made of two transparent canvases to put over the roll shutters and the third one is made of an all-round large canvas that allows to completely close the deck.
Abaft there is a compartment for water motorbike and two horizontally pivoted brackets supporting the tender for an easy and practical use; the gangway too is built-in into the transom.
The wole equipment of this boat has been custom-made and upon owner's special request: the boats for pleasure purposes will be equipped in a more elegant and comfortable way, with three cabins, two bathrooms, galley and lounge, maintaining the boat manoeuvrability. Provided with two engines powered with 660 Hp Caterpillar, shaft drive, that allow to reach 2,300 rpm and a top speed of 32 knots.
The pleasure version can be equipped with a more powerful engine, upon request, allowing to reach 38-40 knots.
Realized according to a project carried out by the Studio Yahkee Delta, she is an excellent boat for extreme navigation in a complete safety, also thanks to the advanced technology of the equipment onboard that makes her highly reliable; the control station is easy to handle and tubulars make it very safe.
When Texas crews are building roads, you have to wonder what odd things they come across while they're moving all that dirt. Well, the latest discovery by TxDOT was way more than earthworms and compacted beer cans.
This was an ancient Indian artifact that some say had a tremendous value for the culture in 900 A.D.
The Caddo Nation has its headquarters in Binger, Oklahoma today, but the group has a long family tree in parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and Arkansas that extends all the way back to 900 A.D. They've been living in our little circle of the US for over a thousand years. Longer than your family and mine, I'm sure.
Some road crews who probably thought they were going to have another routine day on the job, made a pretty significant discovery that archaeologists dream about stumbling upon. The Texas Culture Collections blog says the metal artifact with a Spanish Coat of Arms was "found buried in a manner that suggests it held high value."
Archaeologists think it's a metal box fragment consisting of two pieces from two different sides of a Spanish jewelry box. And there's a mythological beast on it that looks like it could have inspired Harry Potter (probably not though!), and although it may be small, it could have given a big boost to the local economy at the time.
Spanish explorers may have interacted with the Caddo Nation in an area near the Neches River in Van Zandt County, and the experts say this piece could be evidence of "direct contact between Native Americans and Europeans in the area – that led to established trade starting in 1686." Since it was buried, archaeologists think it had big value and could have been a war trophy. TxDOT found several other artifacts too, and the plan is to preserve the area and all of the artifacts that they recover.
We already know Texas has a rich history, but stories like these make you wonder what's still lying underneath. You just might be surprised by some history the next time you're digging in the back yard.
I am the Cordell Professor of Finance at the University of Florida.In-depth market analysis, real-time stock market data, research and earnings from CNBC.com.
You can download historical end-of-day prices for certain securities.Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The function also supports Mutual Funds and historical data.Total Stock Market. The current market cap of the entire US stock market is 13.8 trillion dollars. Financial Market Data is the lifeblood of finance and the. Historical. End.Once you have a simple sheet to start with, the next step is to publish it in a form that Excel can understand.
We accumulated the necessary experience in developing applications that are easy to use by our end customers and are easy to maintain and update by our own developers.
This makes them available for VLOOKUP() searches and a very welcome (ie overdue) inclusion in Excel.
See the Sheets column on left and the Excel version on the right.The Morningstar Style Box is a nine-square grid that. it classifies securities according to market capitalization.
You can import an existing one from Google Finance or your Broker. Historical dividend. A detailed and independent look at Windows 10, especially written for the many.Powerpoint and doubtless many other names are registered trademarks of Microsoft. Outlook.com Premium coming free to Office 365 Home and Personal.
Alphabet has a Market Cap of 643.30B. Alphabet Market Cap (GOOG) charts, historical data, comparisons and more.Where can I find historical market capitalization data. price on that date from finance.google. can I find historical market capitalization.Search Google Finance for companies across many different markets.
Incorrect stock data on Google Finance and Yahoo Finance appeared to be.The Market Cap to GDP ratio. compared to a historical average. Corporate Finance Institute.
Market capitalization of listed domestic companies (% of GDP) from The World Bank: Data.But you might like to add it anyway, to distinguish the same company being listed on multiple exchanges.To make this work, create a new Google Sheets from the online service (not the downloadable software).Example of using simple SSH client for uploading and downloading files based on Excel.Show more Personal Finance link Personal Finance. Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data.You can expect the high level of quality and usability as you see in our own projects.In order to upload this file directly to Excel, use the function of data uploading from the text file Menu:: Data:: FromText, and instead of the file path, point the reference on CSV file from Google Finance.
Or perhaps the better solution is to follow an age-old piece of advice that company bosses never seem to grasp: don’t treat your employees like shit.
At Google we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Google Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies except DoubleClick (DoubleClick Privacy Policy) and Postini (Postini Privacy Policy); collectively, Google’s “services.” In addition, where more detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we post supplementary privacy notices to describe how particular services process personal information. These notices can be found in the Google Privacy Center.
Google adheres to the US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Safe Harbor Program.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at
We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us, such as Google Search. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide – When you sign up for a Google Account or other Google service or promotion that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and an account password). For certain services, such as our advertising programs, we also request credit card or other payment account information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Google services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.
Cookies – When you visit Google, we send one or more cookies – a small file containing a string of characters – to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Google also uses cookies in its advertising services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website, including Google sites that use our advertising cookies, and view or click on an ad supported by Google’s advertising services.
Log information – When you access Google services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
User communications – When you send email or other communications to Google, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Affiliated Google Services on other sites – We offer some of our services on or through other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to Google in order to deliver the service. We process such information under this Privacy Policy. The affiliated sites through which our services are offered may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Gadgets – Google may make available third party applications through its services. The information collected by Google when you enable a gadget or other application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the application or gadget provider is governed by their privacy policies.
Location data – Google offers location-enabled services, such as Google Maps for mobile. If you use those services, Google may receive information about your actual location (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or information that can be used to approximate a location (such as a cell ID).
Links – Google may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content and advertising. Read more information about links and redirected URLs.
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to Google services only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results, sites that include Google applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
Google only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and/or the supplementary privacy notices for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:
You can find more information about how we process personal information by referring to the supplementary privacy notices for particular services.
Google processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country. We may process personal information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process personal information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners.
When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy and/or in the specific service privacy notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy and/or in the supplementary service privacy notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Google features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Google uses the DoubleClick advertising cookie on AdSense partner sites and certain Google services to help advertisers and publishers serve and manage ads across the web. You can view, edit, and manage your ads preferences associated with this cookie by accessing the Ads Preferences Manager. In addition, you may choose to opt out of the DoubleClick cookie at any time by using DoubleClick’s opt-out cookie.
You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case Google may not be able to provide those services to you.
Google only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If Google becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.
Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Google processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services or as otherwise permitted under this Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
When you use Google services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users’ personal information. We provide the details for these procedures in the specific privacy notices or FAQs for these services.
Google regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Google’s treatment of personal information by contacting us through this web site or by writing to us at
When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is Google’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Google and an individual.
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site or at
South Beach Staten Island Psychiatric is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
It’s finally here. Well, almost. After months of speculation and anticipation the Apple Watch has become available in the UK for pre-order. Will it revolutionise another market? Will it change the way we live our lives? Will it turn us all into fitness gurus? Only time will tell. Always predestined to become the biggest selling smartwatch due to its hordes of loyal followers it almost seems like a nailed on success already. But for less dedicated Apple fans and those who have been sitting on the fence when it comes to a wearable investment, it’s probably worth finding out if it’s any good.
Let’s get a quick reminder of the specs. It’s available in two sizes and resolutions – 1.5” (272×340) and 1.7” (319×390), and has a whole range of different straps from colourful plastic to classic buckle – in total in fact there are 34 different combinations. It runs on Apple’s S1 chip, has 8GB of storage with 2GB for music and Bluetooth 4.0 and Wi-Fi built-in. There’s also IPX7 waterproofing, which is the fairly basic one that safeguards it against “short durations of immersion” at a depth of less than a metre.
The battery, which we’ll come back to later, is claimed to last 18 hours, or 3 hours talk time, 6.5 hours audio playback and 48 hours if you just check the time. Through inductive charging it claims to boost 80% in just an hour and a half, with a full charge taking an hour longer.
Of course many of these specs don’t mean a great deal at this stage – it’s all about real world use. And for this we go to a number of lucky journos who have already got their hands on this year’s most desirable gadget.
The Telegraph can kick things off by gushing over an area that seems in little doubt – the looks. It’s “a luxurious, even beautiful fashion accessory” and “from the clever magnetic strap to its understated design, it has attracted attention for all the right reasons.” The fashion test is declared “passed” here, the range of strap and face combinations makes for an interesting degree of personalisation and the face itself adds a whole new layer of control – it’s described as “almost infinitely customisable”.
When it comes to actual operation the Apple Watch is quite accurately described as a “filter for your phone”. This is both good and bad, as while notifications and alerts are now sent to the more accessible area of your wrist, having too many appearing can result in “an irritating blizzard of notifications that I quickly started to ignore altogether.” Core functions like making calls can be done through the watch, or if you don’t want to talk into your wrist and are wearing a hands-free set you can answer and reject calls from the wearable’s display. Text messages can be replied to with intelligent, contextually aware phrases, and a music app lets you control what’s playing on your phone – there’s no headphones port to listen directly via the watch but it can stream via Bluetooth if you have a compatible headset.
Interacting with all this is a mixed experience. There’s an initial learning curve for what seems like overly complicated controls that often require what seems like one button press too many.
“It takes two clicks of the crown to get the device to turn on then move from watchface to apps. It’s hard to see how to do it better, but it’s imperfect nonetheless”.
It also comments on the fact that the apps are generally easy to find, but rarely feel properly developed. Overall The Telegraph concludes that Apple fans should perhaps think twice about rushing out to buy, history does after all tell us that it takes a second or third generation device to iron out a lot of the creases.
CNet has given the Apple Watch a full review, and awards it 3.5/5, which is hardly the stellar result many die-hards will have been hoping for. It also likes the design and construction and lauds the range of features, but the battery life has been given a test here and predictably doesn’t come out too well – just 5/10 for this sub-category in fact.
“I’ve tracked walks and measured my heart rate, paid for lunch, listened to albums while exploring parks without my phone, chatted with family, kept up on email, looked for Uber cars, kept up on news, navigated on long car trips for Passover, controlled my Apple TV with it and followed baseball games while I was supposed to be watching my 2-year-old.”
But despite cramming so much functionality into its first generation device, “the Apple Watch still leaves plenty to be desired.” One fairly central reason is that it needs the iPhone to do just about anything – or rather it needs to be within 30 feet or so unless connecting over Wi-Fi. Then there’s the battery life – despite best efforts it still never lasted longer than a day, and “hit 50 percent or lower in battery capacity by around 2-3 p.m. pretty regularly.”
And finally it can be a little awkward to use – “there are so many features that I felt a little lost at times.” Knowing whether to swipe, click, touch or speak can be a dilemma, and issues with lost notifications, nested interfaces and managing the pairing process can be frustrating. On the plus side it has a positive mention for Siri, which seems to be a fair bit more useful on a watch as “a catch-all way to speak and do things in ways that can cut through the menus and swipes.”
Finally, The Verge has given it a particularly fancy looking, extensive review and awards it 7/10, calling it “easily the nicest smartwatch available” but goes on to cite issues with performance, notifications and price. It’s described as “kind of slow”, stuttering with notifications and struggling to pull data wirelessly, with apps that take a bit too long to load. Apple promises software updates to help address these issues. The display is terrific though, “easily the best smartwatch display on the market”, and the interface is nicely customisable with app icons that can be rearranged to make them easier to prioritise and access.
One feature that does seem to work well is the activity tracker. This is split into Activity and Workout, with the former being “beautiful, but extremely basic” and allows you to manage goals and calories during exercise and standing, which are displayed with three concentric rings and prompts for you to stand up or get a bit of fresh air if needed. Workout has a series of presets for cardio that again work nicely on the whole, though it’s noted that there’s no social element here for sharing data with friends and the heart rate monitor did struggle at times for accuracy.
Other features such as Digital Touch – the ability to send drawings, heartbeats and taps seems fairly gimmicky – in fact being described as:
“all remarkably small-time. It’s cute, but it’s a weird thing to hype as much as it’s been hyped, especially because it has such a deep network effect problem — it’s only useful if you know other people with Apple Watches.”
So what to make of the Apple Watch so far? Bloomberg seems to sum it up quite nicely in an article entitled “Apple Watch Review: You’ll Want One, but You Don’t Need One”, and this seems to be the general consensus.
Pricing starts at £299 for the small “Sport” version, which is built of anodized aluminium instead of stainless steel. The regular models cost between £479 and £949 with the price difference amazingly just based on the type of strap – and the most expensive isn’t studded with diamonds, it’s just a black stainless steel link bracelet. And let’s put a shout out to the 18-carat gold edition, which will cost you between £8,000 and £12,000.
If you’re still determined to splash the cash and can’t wait for the second or third generation, you’ll still have to wait a bit longer for the first. Apple’s initial shipping date for the Apple Watch was April 24th, though we’ve been hearing it has been delayed in some areas so you might want to find out more before you get too excited.
Beautiful designs of latest gold harams in 22 carat antique gold. The gold balls work long chain with shimmering finish studded with rubies, emeralds and semi precious gemstones. The long haram looks traditional yet trendy, which is perfect matching for grand occasions and weddings. Pendants comes with very stylish patterned with delicate hand work.
Finding no takers for his penthouse condo in Miami Beach, Cleveland Indians first baseman Yonder Alonso is including a pair of playoff season tickets in the $1.995 million asking price. (Patrick Semansky / Associated Press)
The Cleveland Indians secured a spot in the playoffs earlier this month, and first basemen Yonder Alonso is taking full advantage.
His penthouse condo in Miami Beach, on the market for $1.995 million, now includes a pair of playoff season tickets.
If a buyer makes a deal for the modern condo by the end of September, they’ll receive two box-seat tickets to every home playoff game the Indians play, according to Brown Harris Stevens, the listing brokerage.
The two-story abode sits atop the oceanfront MEi Condominium building and takes in ocean views from terraces on both levels. Walls of glass brighten the whitewashed space, which holds two bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms in 1,556 square feet.
On the main floor, a living room adjoins a sleek kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a built-in wine cooler.
The complex was built in 2008. Amenities include beach access, concierge services, a pool, a spa and a gym.
Alonso, 31, spent time with the Cincinnati Reds, San Diego Padres, Oakland Athletics and Seattle Mariners before signing a two-year deal worth $16 million with the Indians last offseason. In 2017, the Cuba native knocked 22 home runs and 49 RBIs en route to his first All-Star Game appearance.
Records show he bought the place in 2013 for $1.4 million. Two years later, he put it on the market for $2.975 million and has listed it every year since.
A 1961 battle between a small U.N. force from Ireland and thousands of French/Belgian mercenary fighters tied to a ruthless Congolese leader is the basis for “The Siege of Jadotville,” a scrappy war flick with a fair amount of combat suspense but a whole lot of clichéd dialogue.
A proxy Cold War skirmish that represented the U.N.’s first peacekeeping operation, the six-day conflict has been largely forgotten by history. But director Richie Smyth and screenwriter Kevin Brodbin wring out a serviceably exciting tale of bravery and ingenuity in the face of doom, but they also spotlight the callous political leadership — represented by academic U.N. representative Conor Cruise O’Brien (Mark Strong) — that left an undermanned, outgunned group of inexperienced Irish soldiers led by a resolute commandant (Jamie Dornan) to stand their ground in a tiny compound without help.
Dornan’s antagonist is a French combat veteran (a reliably imperious Guillaume Canet) whose men fight for mining companies that Katanga Prime Minster Moise Tshombe (Danny Sapani) wants to protect from a growing nationalism in the new Republic of Congo.
Too bad, though, that once more, a story tied to the fate of African citizens is — save the few scenes featuring Tshombe — told entirely with white people. (Who argues the locals’ viewpoint? A rich Belgian played by Emmanuelle Seigner.) “The Siege of Jadotville” valiantly fights to reclaim pride in a slice of Irish military history, but it seems to have ignored who those Irish were fighting for.
This blog belong to Miss Pain and is her place where she invites other Masters or Domina's to play in her Camp.
We will publish information about scenes lasting a bit longer, and when the scene involves more than 2 people.
The nature if the blog is mostly BDSM and bondage, but also photoshoots and other BDSM related information.
All Images are available to purchase in high quality, high resolution versions. They can also be supplied as high quality prints on a variety of paper including:
Early warning and monitoring systems offer the most promising means to prevent conflict. But the concept of early warning is also frequently oversimplified through the attractiveness of its logic: if we knew about the imminent outbreak of violence, we would have taken steps to prevent it. No action is taken even in already violent conflicts; action is taken when there is no warning. The reasons for intervention are complex.
Early warning is a large field with many different actors and methodologies operating on different levels and with a wide range of issues. The sector is still facing many challenges: how do we link early response to early warning? How can we integrate the interests of decision makers into recommendations to ensure action? How do we balance the advantages of action and the interests of the decision makers? What cycles, thresholds or system understanding of conflict will make our system more effective and accurate?
(Reuters) – All three major indexes hit record levels in early trading on Tuesday as healthcare stocks rose on robust earnings and investors remained upbeat about a cut in corporate taxes.
(LOTS OF POTENTIAL) Block 302 Lots 26,27,28,49 This Property has a total of 152+/- acres of Beautiful Rolling Land with a Premium Location in Medford, Near historic Downtown and within approx. Two miles of Two Local Airports. This property would make for a Gorgeous Estate, Horse Farm, High End Homes or Other Planned Communities. PGM-Cue Application is in for a solar project. Owner would consider subdividing and selling lots separately. Please see adjacent property also listed For Sale MLS # 6240033 Block 302 Lot 14. The two properties combined total over 245 acres with over 1,100 feet of road frontage on Route 541 (Known as Medford Mount Holly Road) This property has just received a resolution putting this parcel in Need of Redevelopment.
Data relating to real estate for sale on this website appears in part through the TREND IDX program, a voluntary cooperative exchange of property listing data between licensed real estate brokerage firms in which BHHS Fox & Roach participates, and is provided by TREND through a licensing agreement. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than BHHS Fox & Roach are marked with the IDX/IDX PLUS icon & detailed information about each listing includes the name of the listing broker. The information provided by this website is for the personal, non-commercial use of consumers & may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Some properties which appear for sale on this website may no longer be available because they are under contract, have sold or are no longer being offered for sale. © 2016 TREND, all rights reserved. Information deemed reliable, but not guaranteed.
Great rental or first time buyer. Walking distance to university, recreation, shopping & transit. 1 Bdrm, 1 bath, allows rentals, no pets, maintenance fee includes heat & hot water.
Beautifully maintained condo in the Fairmont on Spadina. Open concept with 2 bedroom's and 2 full baths, 1 on either side of the great room, plus a flex/computer room. Gorgeous granite counter tops, laminate and mixed flooring, laundry with extra storage off the kitchen, eating bar and ample cabinetry and electric fireplace in the great room. Enjoy the summer evenings on your very private balcony. Suite comes with underground parking and a storage locker. Within walking distance to restaurants, shopping and recreation. New buss service to Walmart is only 2 blocks away.
Extensively renovated, keeping with the character of this home. In immaculate condition, updating includes luxurious spa like tiled bathrooms, glass french doors, heat pump, built-in oven and 5 burner stove top, and newer roof. Oak hardwood with mahogany inlays, coved ceilings and archways give it it's charm. Fully finished basement has a 3pc bath, large family room, bdrm, office and workshop. The fully fenced yard is a gardener's paradise with a pond, mature trees, flowers and a cool gardener's shop with electricity and water. Excellent location, great neighborhood, close to recreation and shopping.
Rare on the market, 1/2 duplex in the Hazelwood. 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, hardwood throughout the entrance, living, dining and kitchen areas. Updating includes gas fireplace and fan fixture in the livingrm, awning over the living room window, extended patio roof, flat top stove, hot water tank, and dining rm fixture. Very private, fenced yard and dbl garage complete this lovely home. This is one of the nicest complex's in Chilliwack, with a great recreation facility including a pool, hot tub, sauna, library, meeting area and guest room. Excelletn contingency fund. 55+ and 1 cat or dog uner 18" allowed. A great place to call home.
Totally renovated ranch style home with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. A very delightful open design with island in tiled kitchen, laminate throughout the home, very spacious laundry with plenty of storage and pantry area, updated furnace, hot water tank, roof and vinyl windows. The plumbing and electrical have been done, along with all the doors. Move right in. Large fenced yard has pear, apple, fig, plum, peach, and cherry trees along with grapes. Located on the quiet end of Reece with great neighbours.
A general introduction to the study of first and second language acquisition within the framework of generative grammar. The course will cover theoretical approaches to syntactic, semantic, and phonological development, reviewing studies and methodologies both classic and current. [Prereq: CAS LX 250 Introduction to Linguistics or consent of instructor.]
Introduction to the semantics of natural language at an intermediate level. Topics include (but are not limited to) predication and quantification, scope and anaphora, problems of discourse analysis, various issues at the interface of semantics and pragmatics, and crosslinguistic semantics. [Prereq: CAS LX 502 Semantics I or consent of instructor.]
(Conducted in Spanish) An ethnographic survey and sociolinguistic analysis of the Spanish language as it is spoken in urban USA. The course will focus on issues of language and dialect contact, language change, the fraught notion of 'heritage' speakers, and also code-switching as a sociolinguistic phenomenon. [Prereq: CAS LS 212 and CAS LX 250]
The narrator of this extraordinary tale is a man in search for truth. He answers an ad in a local newspaper from a teacher looking for serious pupils, only to find himself alone in an abandoned office with a full-grown gorilla who is nibbling delicately on a slender branch. "You are the teacher?" he asks incredulously. "I am the teacher," the gorilla replies. Ishmael is a creature of immense wisdom and he has a story to tell, one that no other human being has ever heard. It is a story that extends backward and forward over the lifespan of the earth from the birth of time to a future there is still time save. Like all great teachers, Ishmael refuses to make the lesson easy; he demands the final illumination to come from within ourselves. Is it man's destiny to rule the world? Or is it a higher destiny possible for him-- one more wonderful than he has ever imagined?
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Byron High School. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The place Albany, N.Y. represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Cazenovia Public Library.
Dynamic stratigraphy and depositional environments of the Hamilton Group (Middle Devonian) in New York State, Part 1, Carlton E. Brett, editor
Glories of the Hudson : Frederic Edwin Church's views from Olana, essay by Evelyn D. Trebilcock and Valerie A. Balint ; introduction by Kenneth John Myers ; foreword by John K. Howat
Kids welcome here! : writing public library policies that promote use by young people, edited by Anne E. Simon
Treasures from Olana : landscapes, by Frederic Edwin Church ; essay by Kevin J. Avery ; introduction by John Wilmerding ; [foreword by George E. Pataki]
The place Akron, Ohio represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Cazenovia Public Library.
I came from the water : one Haitian boy's incredible tale of survival, Vanita Oelschlager ; artwork by Mike Blanc
"90th jubilee" anniversary : concert & dance, Saturday, April 20, 1963 ... (Work) - Cleveland Public Library
The work "90th jubilee" anniversary : concert & dance, Saturday, April 20, 1963 ... represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Cleveland Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
Data Citation of the Work "90th jubilee" anniversary : concert & dance, Saturday, April 20, 1963 ...
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Cleveland Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The temporal indicator of Confederation, 1783-1789 represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Cuyahoga County Public Library.
A guide to pre-federal records in the National Archives, compiled by Howard H. Wehmann ; revised by Benjamin L. DeWhitt
America's second revolution : how George Washington defeated Patrick Henry and saved the nation, Harlow Giles Unger
Liberty's kids : the complete series, created by Kevin O'Donnell, Michael Maliani ; directed by Judy Reilly ; producer, Kaaren Brown ; animation produced by Hong Ying Universe Company, Ltd
The event ©2103 represents a copyright assertion associated with the intellectual property of resources found in Cuyahoga County Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Groton Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The organization Buena Vista Home Entertainment (Firm) represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in LeRoy Public Library.
A Goofy movie, Walt Disney Pictures ; directed by Kevin Lima ; produced by Dan Rounds ; screenplay by Jymn Magon, Chris Matheson, Brian Pimental
A wrinkle in time, Disney presents ; a Whitaker Entertainment production ; an Ava DuVernay film ; produced by Jim Whitaker, Catherine Hand ; screenplay by Jennifer Lee and Jeff Stockwell ; directed by Ava DuVernay
Alice through the looking glass, Walt Disney Pictures presents ; a Roth Films/Team Todd/Tim Burton production ; produced by Joe Roth, Suzanne Todd, Jennifer Todd, Tim Burton ; written by Linda Woolverton ; directed by James Bobin
An unfinished life, Miramax Films and Revolution Studios presents in association with Initial Entertainment Group, a Ladd Company production ; produced by Alan Ladd, Jr., Kelliann Ladd, Leslie Holleran ; written by Mark Spragg & Virginia Korus Spragg ; directed by Lasse Hallström, (videorecording DVD)
Ant-Man and the Wasp, Marvel Studios presents ; directed by Peyton Reed ; written by Chris McKenna & Erik Sommers and Paul Rudd & Andrew Barrer & Gabriel Ferrari ; produced by Kevin Feige, Stephen Broussard ; executive producers, Louis D'Esposito, Victoria Alonso, Stephen Broussard, Charles Newirth, Stan Lee
Ant-Man, Marvel Studios ; produced by Kevin Feige ; wriiten by Edgar Wright, Joe Cornish, Adam McKay, Paul Rudd ; directed by Peyton Reed
Avengers, Infinity war, Marvel Studios presents ; produced by Kevin Feige ; executive producers, Jon Favreau, James Gunn, Stan Lee, Victoria Alonso, Michael Grillo, Trinh Tran, Louis D'Ésposito ; screenplay by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely ; directed by Anthony and Joe Russo
Beaches, Touchstone pictures in association with Silver Screen Partners IV ; screenplay by Mary Agnes Donoghue ; produced by Bonnie Bruckheimer-Martell, Bette Midler, Margaret Jennings South ; directed by Garry Marshall
Beauty and the beast, Disney presents ; a Mandeville Films production ; a Bill Condon film ; screenplay by Stephen Chbosky and Evan Spiliotopoulos ; produced by David Hoberman, p.g.a. and Todd Lieberman, p.g.a. ; directed by Bill Condon
Beauty and the beast, Walt Disney Pictures in association with Silver Screen Partners IV ; directed by Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise ; produced by Don Hahn ; animation screenplay, Linda Woolverton
Brave, Disney presents a Pixar Animation Studios film ; screenplay by Mark Andrews ... [et al.] ; produced by Katherine Sarafian ; directed by Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman
Bridge to Terabithia, Walt Disney Pictures and Walden Media present a Hal Lieberman Company production ; a Lauren Levine production ; executive producer, Alex Schwartz ; produced by Hal Lieberman ; produced by Lauren Levine, David Paterson ; screenplay by Jeff Stockwell and David Paterson ; directed by Gabor Csupo
Brother Bear 2, [presented by] Walt Disney Pictures ; writer, Rich Burns ; directed by Benjamin Gluck
Captain America : civil war, Marvel Studios presents ; directed by Anthony and Joe Russo ; screenplay by Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely ; produced by Kevin Feige
Captain America, The Winter Soldier, Marvel Studios presents ; produced by Kevin Feige ; screenplay by Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely ; directed by Anthony and Joe Russo
Chicken Little, [presented by] Walt Disney Pictures ; produced by Randy Fullmer ; writers, Steve Bencich, Ron Friedman ; directed by Mark Dindal
Cinderella III : a twist in time, DisneyToon Studios ; produced by Margot Pipkin ; screenplay by Margaret Heidenry ; directed by Frank Nissen
Cinderella, Disney presents an Allison Shearmur/Beaglepug/Kinberg Genre production ; produced by Simon Kinberg, Allison Shearmur, David Barron ; screenplay by Chris Weitz ; directed by Kenneth Branagh
Cold Mountain, Miramax Films presents a Mirage Enterprises/Bona Fide Productions, an Anthony Minghella film ; produced by Sydney Pollack, William Horberg, Albert Berger & Ron Yerxa ; screenplay by Anthony Minghella ; directed by Anthony Minghella
Confessions of a shopaholic, Touchstone Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films present ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; screenplay by Tracey Jackson and Tim Firth and Kayla Alpert ; directed by P.J. Hogan
Confessions of a teenage drama queen, Walt Disney Pictures presents a Jerry Leider and Robert Shapiro production ; directed by Sara Sugarman
Dan in real life, Touchstone Pictures and Focus Features present a Jon Shestack production, a Peter Hedges film ; produced by Jon Shestack, Brad Epstein ; written by Pierce Gardner and Peter Hedges ; directed by Peter Hedges
Darby O'Gill and the little people, Walt Disney Pictures ; written by Lawrence Edward Watkin ; directed by Robert Stevenson
Davy Crockett : two movie set, Walt Disney presents ; produced by Bill Walsh ; directed by Norman Foster
Delivery man, Dreamworks Pictures and Reliance Entertainment present ; produced by Ándre Rouleau ; written for the screen and directed by Ken Scott
Doubt, Miramax Films presents a Scott Rudin production ; a film by John Patrick Shanley ; director of photography, Roger Deakins ; executive producer, Celia Costas ; produced by Scott Rudin, Mark Roybal ; written for the screen and directed by John Patrick Shanley
DuckTales the movie : treasure of the lost lamp, Disney Movietoons presents ; a Walt Disney Animation (France) S. A. production ; produced and directed by Bob Hathcock ; animation screenplay by Alan Burnett
Déjà vu, Touchstone Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films present a Scott Free Productions ; a film by Tony Scott ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; written by Bill Marsilii & Terry Rossio ; driected by Tony Scott
Eight below, Walt Disney Pictures presents in association with Spyglass Entertainment ; a Mandeville Films production; a film by Frank Marshall ; produced by David Hoberman, Patrick Crowley ; screenplay by David DiGilio ; directed by Frank Marshall, (videorecording DVD)
Finding Dory, Walt Disney Pictures presents a Pixar Animation Studios film ; directed by Andrew Stanton ; co-directed by Angus MacLane ; produced by Lindsey Collins ; original story by Andrew Stanton ; screenplay by Andrew Stanton, Victoria Strouse
Finding Nemo, Walt Disney Pictures presents a Pixar Animation Studios film ; directed by Andrew Stanton ; co-directed by Lee Unkrich ; produced by Graham Walters ; executive producer, John Lasseter ; original story by Andrew Stanton ; screenplay by Andrew Stanton, Bob Peterson, David Reynolds ; created and produced at Pixar Animation Studios
Follow me, boys!, Walt Disney Productions ; screenplay by Louis Pelletier ; directed by Norman Tokar
Frozen, Walt Disney Animation Studios ; directed by Chris Buck, Jennifer Lee ; produced by Peter Del Vecho ; executive producer, John Lasseter ; screenplay by Jennifer Lee ; story by Chris Buck, Jennifer Lee, Shane Morris
G-Force, Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; screenplay by the Wibberleys ; directed by Hoyt H. Yeatman, Jr
Glory road, [presented by] Walt Disney Pictures ; Glory Road Productions LLC ; Jerry Bruckheimer Films ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; written by Christopher Cleveland & Bettina Gilois ; directed by James Gartner
Guardians of the galaxy, Marvel Studios ; co-producers, David J. Grant, Jonathan Schwartz ; executive producers, Nik Korda, Stan Lee, Victoria Alonso, Jeremy Latcham, Alan Fine, Louis D'Esposito ; produced by Kevin Feige ; written by James Gunn and Nicole Perlman ; directed by James Gunn
Guardians of the galaxy, Vol. 2, Marvel Studios presents ; a James Gunn film ; produced by Kevin Feige ; written and directed by James Gunn
Herbie goes bananas, Walt Disney Pictures presents ; produced by Ron Miller ; written by Don Tait ; directed by Vincent McEveety
Hidalgo, Touchstone Pictures ; produced by Casey Silver ; written by John Fusco ; directed by Joe Johnston
High school musical, From Walt Disney Home Entertainment, a Disney Channel original movie ; written by Peter Barsocchini ; directed by Kenny Ortega
Ice princess, [presented by] Walt Disney Pictures ; Skate Away Productions, Ltd. ; Bridget Johnson Films ; produced by Bridget Johnson ; story by Meg Cabot and Hadley Davis ; screenplay by Hadley Davis ; directed by Tim Fywell
In search of the castaways, a Walt Disney production ; screenplay by Lowell S. Hawley ; directed by Robert Stevenson
Inside out, a Pixar Animation Studios film ; story by Pete Docter, Ronine del Carmen ; screenplay by Pete Docter, Meg LeFauve, Josh Cooley ; produced by Jonas Rivera ; co-directed by Ronnie del Carmen ; directed by Pete Docter
Invincible, Walt Disney Pictures ; Mayhem Pictures ; Who's Nuts Productions ; produced by Mark Ciardi, Gordon Gray, Ken Mok ; written by Brad Gann ; directed by Ericson Core
Iron Will, Walt Disney Pictures ; written by John Michael Hayes and Djordje Milicevic and Jeff Arch ; produced by Patrick Palmer, Robert Schwartz ; directed by Charles Haid
Miracle, Walt Disney Pictures presents a Mayhem Pictures production ; produced by Mark Ciardi and Gordon Gray ; written by Eric Guggenheim ; directed by Gavin O'Connor
Monkey kingdom, Disneynature presents ; a Crazy Ape and Silverback Films production ; produced by Mark Linfield and Alastair Fothergill ; co-directed by Alastair Fothergill ; directed by Mark Linfield
Monsters, Inc., Walt Disney Pictures presents ; a Pixar Animation Studios film ; directed by Pete Docter ; co-directed by Lee Unkrich, David Silverman ; produced by Darla K. Anderson ; original story by Pete Docter, Jill Culton, Jeff Pidgeon, Ralph Eggleston ; screenplay by Andrew Stanton, Daniel Gerson
Mr. Holland's Opus, Hollywood Pictures presents an Interscope Communications Polygram Filmed Entertainment Production ; in association with the Charlie Mopic Company ; a Stephen Herek film ; written by Patrick Sheane Duncan ; produced by Ted Field, Michael Nolin and Robert W. Cort ; directed by Stephen Herek
Mulan, [presented by] Walt Disney Pictures ; produced by Pam Coats ; screenplay by Rita Hsiao, Christopher Sanders, Philip LaZebnik, Raymond Singer & Eugenia Bostwick-Singer ; directed by Barry Cook and Tony Bancroft
National treasure 2, Book of secrets, Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer Films present a Junction Entertainment production in association with Saturn Films, a Jon Turteltaub film ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, Jon Turteltaub ; story by Gregory Poirier ... [and others] ; screenplay by the Wibberleys ; directed by Jon Turteltaub
Open range, Touchstone Pictures presents in association with Cobalt Media Group and Beacon Pictures a Tig production ; directed by Kevin Costner
Oz the great and powerful, Disney presents a Roth Films Production in association with Curtis-Donen Productions ; screen story by Mitchell Kapner ; screenplay by Mitchell Kapner and David Lindsay-Abaire ; produced by Joe Roth ; directed by Sam Raimi
Pete's dragon, Disney presents ; a Whitaker Entertainment production ; directed by David Lowery ; screenplay by David Lowery & Toby Halbrooks ; produced by Jim Whitaker
Pete's dragon, Walt Disney Productions present ; producers, Ron Miller and Jerome Courtland ; animation director, Don Bluth ; screenplay by Malcolm Marmorstein ; director, Don Chaffey
Pirates of the Caribbean, At world's end, Jerry Bruckheimer Films ; Walt Disney Pictures ; Second Mate Productions ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; written by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio ; directed by Gore Verbinski
Pirates of the Caribbean, Dead man's chest, Walt Disney Pictures presents in association with Jerry Bruckheimer Films a Gore Verbinski film ; directed by Gore Verbinski ; written by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; executive producers, Mike Stenson, Chad Oman, Bruce Hendricks, Eric McLeod ; director of photography, Dariusz Wolski
Pirates of the Caribbean, On stranger tides, Walt Disney Pictures ; Jerry Bruckheimer Films ; producer, Jerry Bruckheimer ; screenplay by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio ; directed by Rob Marshall
Pirates of the Caribbean, The curse of the Black Pearl, Walt Disney Pictures presents in association with Jerry Bruckheimer Films ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; screenplay by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio ; directed by Gore Verbinski
Pirates of the Caribbean, dead men tell no tales, Disney and Jerry Bruckheimer Films present ; directed by Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg ; story by Jeff Nathanson and Terry Rossio ; screenplay by Jeff Nathanson ; produced by Jerry Bruckheimer ; executive producers, Mike Stenson, Chad Oman, Joe Caracciolo, Jr., Terry Rossio, Brigham Taylor
Planes, Disney ; directed by Klay Hall ; produced by Traci Balthazor-Flynn, p.g.a. ; screenplay by Jeffery M. Howard
Queen of Katwe, Disney presents ; in association in ESPN Films ; a John B. Carls, Cine Mosaic, Mirabai Films production ; a Mira Nair film ; screenplay by William Wheeler ; produced by Lydia Dean Pilcher, John Carls ; directed by Mira Nair
Raising Helen, Touchstone Pictures and Beacon Pictures present a Mandeville Films/Ashok Amritraj production, a Garry Marshall film ; produced by David Hoberman, Ashok Amritraj ; screenplay by Jack Amiel & Michael Begler ; directed by Garry Marshall
The organization Cannell Studios represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in LeRoy Public Library.
The form Historical represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Milford Public Library.
300, Warner Bros. Pictures presents in association with Legendary Pictures and Virtual Studios ; produced by Mark Canton, Bernie Goldmann, Gianni Nunnari, Jeffrey Silver ; screenplay by Zack Snyder & Kurt Johnstad and Michael B. Gordon ; directed by Zack Snyder
Elizabeth, Polygram Filmed Entertainment presents in association with Channel Four Films, a Working Title production, a film by Shekhar Kapur ; produced by Alison Owen, Eric Fellner, Tim Bevan ; written by Michael Hirst ; directed by Shekhar Kapur
Flags of our fathers, DreamWorks Pictures and Warner Bros. Pictures present ; a Malpaso/Amblin Entertainment production ; directed by Clint Eastwood ; screenplay by William Broyles, Jr. and Paul Haggis ; produced by Clint Eastwood, Steven Spielberg ; producer, Robert Lorenz
John Adams, HBO Films presents a Playtone production ; produced by David Coatsworth, Steven Shareshian ; directed by Tom Hooper
Memoirs of a geisha, Columbia Pictures, Dreamworks Pictures, Spyglass Entertainment present an Amblin Entertainment/Douglas Wick & Lucy Fisher production ; produced by Lucy Fisher, Steven Spielberg, Douglas Wick ; written by Robin Swicord ; directed by Rob Marshall
Miss Potter, The Weinstein Company and Phoenix Pictures present a David Kirschner production in association with Isle of Man Film and the UK Film Council, a Chris Noonan film ; produced by David Kirschner, Mike Medavoy, Arnold W. Messer, David Thwaites ; written by Richard Maltby Jr. ; directed by Chris Noonan
The adventures of young Indiana Jones, Volume one, The early, Lucasfilm Ltd. ; Paramount Pictures ; executive producer, George Lucas ; produced by Rick McCallum ; written by George Lucas ... [and others] ; directed by Carl Schultz .. [and others]
The new world, New Line Cinema presents ; produced by Sarah Green ; written and directed by Terrence Malick
World Trade Center, Paramount Pictures ; produced by Michael Shamberg ... [and others] ; written by Andrea Berloff ; directed by Oliver Stone
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Milford Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The meeting Holocaust, Jewish (1939-1945) represents a formal gathering of people, for a particular purpose, associated with resources found in Newbury Town Library.
Exodus., Otto Preminger presents ; Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ; screenplay by Dalton Trumbo ; produced and directed by Otto Preminger
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Newbury Town Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The organization 100th Oboe Pty. Ltd represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in Preston Public Library.
The Flying Scotsman in Australia, a production of 100th Oboe Pty. Ltd. in association with Bendigo Street Productions
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Preston Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The work A 6,000-mile exploration of Canada by canoe represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Shattuck-St. Mary's School.
The place Andersonville (Ga.) represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Topeka & Shawnee County Public Library.
Andersonville, Turner Pictures presents a John Frankenheimer/David W. Rintels film ; written and produced by David W. Rintels ; directed by John Frankenheimer, (DVD videorecording)
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Topeka & Shawnee County Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Item specifics Condition: New Quantity Sold: sold individually Brand: Timken SKU: TM:HA590307 Manufacturer Part Number: HA590307 UPC: Does not apply
Original SKF Rolling Bearings Famous brand Single Row Angular Ball Bearings FAG محامل فول-كومبليمنت رولر الأسطوانة المحامل NSK الكرة الاخدود العميق محامل الكرة الاخدود العميق محامل SL Type أسطواني محامل ل شيفيس NTN إبرة محامل محامل للتطبيقات الخاصة NTN اتجاه واحد الصدر محامل الكرة NSK تناقص الأسطوانة المحامل NSK RODAMIENTOS DE RODILLOS PARA MOLINOS DE ACERO NSK Rodamientos de rodillos cónicos RODAMIENTOS DE RODILLO CON TORNILLO DOBLE RUEDA NSK RODAMIENTOS DE RODILLO TAPERADO DE 4 RUEDAS SELLADAS Y LIMPIAS NSK Rodamientos de bolas de contacto angular HeavY-duty Rodamientos de agujas DOUBLE-ROW TAPERED ROLLER BEARINGS NSK Rodamientos de rodillos de múltiples hileras NTN Roulements rigides à billes Roulements à billes auto-alignés Roulements à aiguilles Roulements à billes à rainure profonde Roulements à aiguilles Roulements à rouleaux sphériques Roulements à billes à rainure profonde Roulements à billes à contact angulaire Roulements à billes à contact angulaire Runcing Roller bantalan Bantalan gulung jarum Dalam alur bantalan bola Bantalan gulung jarum Bantalan perumahan Silinder Roller bantalan Dalam alur bantalan bola Dalam alur bantalan bola Rolamentos de rolos cilíndricos Rolamentos de esferas auto-alinhadas Rolamentos de esferas de precisão Rolamentos de rolos esféricos Rolamentos da unidade de cartucho Rótulas esféricas Rolamento de rolos cilíndricos Rolamentos de rolos cilíndricos Inserir Rolamentos Esféricos Od Радиальные шариковые подшипники Сферические роликовые подшипники Радиальные шариковые подшипники Радиальные шариковые подшипники Игольчатые роликоподшипники Конические роликовые подшипники МОНТАЖНЫЕ УСТРОЙСТВА И ВСТАВКИ Корпус подшипника แบริ่งลูกกลิ้งเรียว แบริ่งธรรมดา แบริ่งลูกกลิ้งทรงกลม ตลับลูกติดต่อเชิงมุม แบริ่งลูกกลิ้งเรียว แบริ่งลูกกลิ้งทรงกระบอก підшипник одиниць Радіальні кулькові підшипники Циліндричні роликові підшипники Голчаті підшипників Радіальні кулькові підшипники Завзяті роликові підшипники Кутові підшипників кочення кулі
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: http://www.r4igolds.fr | Thanks to r4-3ds, r4idiscountfr.com and r4i sdhc 3ds
While working with clients, we come across some interesting and useful products. When we believe it is a benefit to others, regardless of the industry, Canyon engages as a manufacturer representative to offer these products for many industries.
Installers and maintainers are required to pitch piping according to building and safety codes. If not, leaks and improper operation can cause significant damage. Perfect Pitch supports the piping and accurately sets the right condensate drain and vent pitch.
For a small investment, you and your client will know it creates a clean, professional looking installation, reduces installation time and provides peace of mind when complete. No need to find or cut scraps of 2x4s or 2x6s to find a pitch. Fast, simple, accurate, modular.... Repeat....
Pipe clamp sizes include 1/2", 3/4", 1", 2", 3" and 4". If you're an installer or maintainer, carry Perfect Pitch with you or stock at shop. If you're a distributer, stock it for your customers. Either way, you both benefit.
Typically used to compliment Perfect Pitch. The Self-Fusting Silicone Wrap has a wide variety of temporary, repair and permanent use applications in HVAC, Plumbing, Automotive, Telecom, Maritime and other industries. Since it's not an adhesive based product, use it to seal HVAC duct work, for plumbing joints, securing wiring harness, protect joints, etc. Anywhere unique sealing or securing is required for a variety of environments, including high temperature.
xxx: OK, so, our build engineer has left for another company. The dude was literally living inside the terminal. You know, that type of a guy who loves Vim, creates diagrams in Dot and writes wiki-posts in Markdown… If something – anything – requires more than 90 seconds of his time, he writes a script to automate that.
xxx: smack-my-bitch-up.sh – sends a text message „late at work“ to his wife (apparently). Automatically picks reasons from an array of strings, randomly. Runs inside a cron-job. The job fires if there are active SSH-sessions on the server after 9pm with his login.
xxx: (and the oscar goes to) fuckingcoffee.sh – this one waits exactly 17 seconds (!), then opens an SSH session to our coffee-machine (we had no frikin idea the coffee machine is on the network, runs linux and has SSHD up and running) and sends some weird gibberish to it. Looks binary. Turns out this thing starts brewing a mid-sized half-caf latte and waits another 24 (!) seconds before pouring it into a cup. The timing is exactly how long it takes to walk to the machine from the dudes desk.
We have mouses in the house! Really. In our storage. Each day I get to throw away four boxes of food, where mouses put their teeth in. They like everything, but have a special preference for lasagne, tortilla's, flower and cupcakemix. We've set up some mousetraps, but weren't able to cath any. One might say I got bored with mouses, but no!
No, I don?t know anything about Harry Potter. I think I am the only remaining English actor not to work in Harry Potter. I?m taking it in stride though. I?ve worked David Yates three times. He never writes. He never calls. He?s lousy.
I think David Yates is one of the most talented directors working today. I?ve worked with him on 3 different projects and they were all very different. He created a world for each one. He?s profoundly gifted. Whatever he wants, I?ll do.
Agendia is a leading molecular diagnostics company developing FFPE-based genomic diagnostic products, allowing clinically relevant gene expression profiling for cancer patients.
At last there’s a general-purpose gate latch designed to replace conventional metal gravity latches. The new T-Latch® toggle-action gate latch is remarkably simple and effective. The pivot-style latch bolt toggles vertically to automatically accommodate gate sag and ground movement. The latch can also be adjusted separately for additional vertical and horizontal adjustment, making it arguably the most adjustable entry-level gate latch in the world. In addition to adjustability, superior strength and a limited Lifetime Warranty, T-Latch® is lockable and provides a padlock storage feature – all at a very competitive price. T-Latch’s ultra-strong, engineering polymer latch housings and stainless steel latch bolt and components mean the latch will not rust, bind, chip, fade or stain!
Are you looking to hire a limousine in Aberdeen, you could combine your limousine hire with one of these great family days out and hire a cheap limo to make the day even more fun.
Or if you are looking for a great night out in Aberdeen, it could be a birthday party, stag night, hen night, you could combine your limo hire with one of these great clubs.
slaver-chronicles:>>> A couple of rednecks found her on... - slaver-chronicles: >>> A couple of rednecks found her on the side of the road broke down and they roughed her up pretty good before selling her to me...
Hungry Slave Denied Even The Cum - Most of the men come in her mouth. Because of course they do. But they all know that she’s being punished, and that she hasn’t been fed since she was assig...
For us to understand this concept, we know that human beings have always had the need to find success in any of its activities. Many times we can not achieve this goal because of our own limitations. That is why they resort to the collaboration or assistance from others, thus forming an organization. This may be formed by […]
Music and Arts have a tremendous pull for the soul and expressions in poetry and prose reflects from what i percieve around me through them.
Pictures have been used for educational and non profit activities. If any copyright is violated, kindly inform and we will promptly remove the picture. We apologize in advance!
Empowering others to 'make the world a better place through digital making' has been the project's fundamental aim from the beginning.
Projects in schools, team challenges to solve real world problems, individual project builds and community events are all contributing to an ever increasing open data set for others to share and use themselves via The Things Network Hull.
Here's a taster of how we've started to share these activities through creative projects and build on developing digital skills.
This time the storytelling is based on a piece of music which has been live coded from a live data stream coming from a weather station project built at Hull Raspberry Jam.
This category contains 7 topics and 2 replies, and was last updated by Saskia Keesstra 4 years, 2 months ago.
Here you can post all sorts of topics related to STSMs, e.g. -I would like to go to a place that has a large rainfall simulator, where can I go? -Who wants to come do an STSM in our study area to do research?
Everything related to Working Group 5: Transition of connectivity research towards sustainable land and water management
Healthcare billing and coding online courses educate pupils to translate health care diagnoses, remedies, techniques, and providers into a Exclusive alphanumerical code. Health-related coding pros use this Exclusive code to translate documents including lab experiences and effects, medical professional’s notes, and health care charts.The premise … Read More
If This is certainly your first visit, you'll want to look into the FAQ by clicking the url earlier mentioned. You might have to sign-up before you can article. This module has two issues: (1) The data with the [strange] application you need to set up for Programming Languages Component A. (two) An optional "bogus" homework which you could transf… Read More
The most crucial R implementation is published in R, C, and Fortran, and there are numerous other implementations geared toward enhancing velocity or expanding extensibility. A carefully similar implementation is pqR (pretty fast R) by Radford M. Neal with improved memory management and assist for computerized multithreading. Renjin and FastR are J… Read More
Health-related Terminology In this particular course, students find out basic medical terminology that may help them understand the points they may sooner or later be coding. This system is meant for non-clinical healthcare industry experts and concentrates on examining, writing, and pronouncing the clinical terminology.The premise is straightforwa… Read More
Reply Dara on January seven, 2016 at 10:06 pm Hello Stefani, thank you for this properly-investigated and extensive write-up. I found it because I was in search of facts about the Bulletproof food plan And exactly how it impacts women. I have already been owning an incredible working experience on BP, most notably that my blood sugar has at last st… Read More
In the last couple of years, a thing of a stadium arms race has made amongst Cactus League groups, that happen to be constantly developing even larger and much more elaborate stadiums over the Valley. Though these new ballyards surely are impressive, they are not necessarily better. You will find some thing about Scottsdale Stadium, the spring schooling property of the San Francisco Giants, that just causes it to be a lot better than The remainder.
But in spite of when you go and what section you raft, you’ll be addressed to rushes deserving of the greatest amusement parks, and views you'll be able to see in Arizona and nowhere else.
Kayaks and canoes are Arizona’s magic formula thrill experience. Knowledge areas of Arizona that are completely undisturbed. Kayak and canoe river operates are an awesome strategy to see Arizona’s back country and many wild lifestyle, and also to ride some wonderful rapids.
Being over a dude ranch in Arizona gives both (relatives-pleasant) outdoor adventure and the facilities commonly found in all-inclusive resorts. Ranches commonly offer guided horse tours from the bordering land and, according to the unique ranch, you may find yourself herding uncooperative cattle, happening a desert hike, or maybe playing on a environment-class golf class.
They made confident we experienced water, stopped us occasionally to show us with regard to the area plant/animal lifetime, and took photographs for us.
Alright oddly I believe this is the companies Yelp webpage: But...since I checked into this site for your ATV rentals I'll go away my assessment below. We (fifteen human being bachelor bash) did The three-four hour ATV tour at this place and yah... it wasn't what I expected. Initially off, I didn't truly Imagine we'd be likely straight for three-4 hour's and we did. It absolutely was wonderful. The guides had been seriously excellent. We experienced a guidebook For each five of us (Cody/Bowe?Bode? sorry gentleman I forgot your identify/third dude who wasn't my information) who were brilliant. They critically built the journey excellent as many of the routes ended up very extreme, and they built absolutely sure we received up and down these mountains in one piece. They built certain we had h2o, stopped us often to show us about the nearby plant/animal existence, and took images for us.
) have a trailer A part of the rental value. A tow vehicle may be arranged. Don't have everything but a desire to get out and possess some desert pleasure? Arizona Outdoor Enjoyable has whatever they get in touch with a "FUN Deal" including the tow auto, the trailer along with the toys as well as extras to the equipment for instance tubes, wakeboards, and water skis.
Everyone knows you can find absolutely nothing rather like an Arizona sunset. Nevertheless, the look at from your yard is nothing when compared to a look at from greater up. To actually get during the sunset, go to the major of South Mountain. The directions are effortless: Generate south on Central Avenue right until you're at the highest. The check out of Phoenix is astounding — there's a excellent panorama of downtown Phoenix, and even anything such as University of Phoenix Stadium, more than twenty miles away, can easily be found.
We use cookies to know how you employ our site also to transform your expertise. This includes personalizing information and promoting. For more information on how we use cookies consult with our revised Privacy Policy and Conditions of Services.
You might be the driving force During this adventure, which combines the thrill of off-roading With all the usefulness of getting a guideline lead the way in which. There isn't any superior solution to encounter the beautiful Sonoran Desert!
OldTownScottsdale.com is capable to bring in a rising roster of main models to work with us in reaching our audience. As we carry on to expand, we proceed to search for new companions who will gain from reaching our viewers.
Sentinel Peak, also called "A" Mountain, is regional landmark, in addition to a city park. Enthusiast from the University of Arizona sustain the a long time-extended tradition of portray a large "A" to more info the facet with the mountain in honor in their alma mater. Sentinel... Examine Extra
Minutes from almost everywhere inside the Valley, a beautiful and comparatively Safe and sound outdoor experience is often experienced by approximately any decent bike rider, on nearly any bike that has gears and Body fat tires. Begin from South Mountain Park's Pima Canyon entrance close to 48th Street and Elliot Road. The moment over the path of rolling hills, the everyday world vanishes. The single-track trail guides riders and hikers via miles of up-and-down and across much of the sixteen,000-acre, amazingly lush Sonoran Desert park.
Kindle Publishing to Build Your List There are many ways to build an email list such as offering a lead magnet, running Facebook ads, and building up your expertise status so that people want to follow you so they can know what you’re saying. However, there is one way that is … [Read more...]
Marketing Your Book Online If you're looking for ways to market your book online, look no further than your blog. By this I mean your hosted WordPress blog, one that you own and control. A recent post from author and book coach Judy Cullins reinforces this idea. Here is an … [Read more...]
Becoming a Kindle bestseller on Amazon can be accomplished in about thirty minutes a day, if you are willing to focus on creating an online marketing platform for yourself. I have now taken seven of my books to bestseller status on Amazon. This was purposeful on my part, and you … [Read more...]
Connie Ragen Green helps new entrepreneurs build their business with online marketing and technology. She is an expert in article marketing and affiliate marketing and has written several books on these topics.
DISCLOSURE - Many articles will contain affiliate links for recommended products or services. These are personally used and reviewed by Connie and she'll receive commission for any resulting sales.
College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (Canada).Freedom of conscience and religion. Annotated Extracts and Links
(1) A regulated member must communicate promptly and respectfully about any treatments or procedures the regulated member declines to provide based on his/her Charter freedom of conscience and religion.i
(2) A regulated member must not withhold information about the existence of a procedure or treatment because providing that procedure or giving advice about it conflicts with his/her Charter freedom of conscience and religion.
(3) A regulated member must not promote his/her own moral or religious beliefs when interacting with patients.
(4) When Charter freedom of conscience and religion prevent a regulated member from providing or offering access to information about a legally available medical or surgical treatment or service, the regulated member must ensure that the patient who seeks such advice or medical care is offered timely access to:
The policy recognizes a key distinction between providing information and providing or facilitating a morally contested service or procedure.
With respect to providing information, it presumes either that the mere giving of information or advice has no moral significance, or, if it does, that it is inconsequential. This is not necessarily the case. The difficulty here is to balance the desire of a physician to avoid complicity in a wrongful act with the importance of informed decision-making by the patient, which requires that the patient have all of the information relevant for the purpose of choosing a course of treatment. It is necessary to respect both the freedom of conscience of the physician and the freedom and right of the patient to make a fully informed choice.
Physicians are expected to provide information necessary to satisfy the requirements of informed medical decision making, such as prognosis, the treatments or procedures available, benefits and burdens of treatment, risks, etc. Only if a physician is unwilling to provide this information is an offer of "timely access" to another physician or resource required. The purpose of arranging timely access in this situation is to ensure that the patient has information needed for decision-making. Offering timely access may be achieved in various ways.
1. A regulated member who receives, considers or fulfils a written request for medical assistance in dying must do so in accordance with legislation. . . (Emphasis in the original)
3. A regulated member who receives an inquiry from a patient with respect to medical assistance in dying must ensure that contact information for the Alberta Health Services medical assistance in dying care coordination service is provided to the patient, or to another person identified by the patient, without delay. (Emphasis in the original)
4. A regulated member who receives an oral or written request from a patient for medical assistance in dying and who declines for reasons of conscience or religion to provide or to aid in providing medical assistance in dying must ensure that reasonable access to the Alberta Health Services medical assistance in dying care coordination service is provided to the patient without delay. . . (Emphasis in the original)
a) the administering by a regulated member of a substance to a person, at their request, that causes their death; or
b) the prescribing or providing by a regulated member of a substance to a person, at their request, so that they may self-administer the substance and in doing so cause their own death.
The current legislation directly applicable is Section 241.1 of the Criminal Code and Alberta Order in Council 142/216 (10 June, 2016), Order respecting Medical Assistance in Dying Standards of Practice. The latter is binding only in Alberta. Sections 3 and 4 of the Order are reproduced as Sections 3 and 4 of this standard.
Section 3 is limited to an inquiry from a patient, though the response may be directed to someone delegated by the patient. "Inquiry" presumably means a question concerning euthanasia or assisted suicide that does not amount to a request. This provision does not prevent a physician from responding to the question, but requires, in addition, that the patient (or delegate) be given the contact information for the Alberta Health Services medical assistance in dying care coordination service.
Section 4 is limited to a request from a patient, and the response is to be provided to the patient. It does not prevent an objecting physician from discussing options with the patient, including euthanasia and assisted suicide. Although the section does not specify that the response may be provided to someone delegated by the patient, that would presumably be allowed as a matter of custom.
This provision does not require that the objecting physician provide specific contact information for the Alberta Health Services medical assistance in dying care coordination service, but "reasonable access" must be provided, which, presumably, includes sufficient information for the patient to be able to contact the service.