This Catalog is an official bulletin of South Plains College containing policies, regulations, procedures and fees now in effect. We urge you to study the contents of this Catalog carefully. As a student, you are responsible for observing the regulations contained within this document. The College reserves the right to make changes at any time to reflect the current board policies, administrative regulations and procedures, amendments by state law and fee changes. Course descriptions give a broad outline of course content. Due to instructional differences, some variance in course content may occur. Nothing in the Catalog is to be interpreted as part of a contract. This Catalog is for information only and is subject to change.
Copies of information from the 2007-2008 academic year and earlier are available from the Office of Admissions and Records located on the Levelland Campus in the Student Services Building or by contacting (806) 716-2572 or emailing admissions@southplainscollege.edu.
I have been waiting for this for a long time. I have been talking and chatting with Ronan Cremin and Jo Rabin (not to mention the activity in the W3C’s Mobile Web Initiative) for quite a few months. I kept hearing of features and contents they were developing for the developers. They made me dream about all the cool contents, but never let me put my hands on them.
And here it comes, it’s alive! (listen to the sound from Young Frankenstein). The site is free to use, this means that developers can benefit from all the contents they put (and will continue putting) on the site even if they don’t own a .mobi domain.
Congratulations to Martin Kindler, a wmlprogramming member for the very good article on typo3 made mobile-friendly.
Over at Emily Short's blog, she has an interesting post on whether interactive fiction games really need parsers.
One of the things that makes command-lines powerful in computer interfaces is the ability to chain together commands in novel ways (e.g. in Unix, listing files, and piping the results through a filter).
Guess-the-verb still exists (because nobody knows every possible command), but the user can (theoretically, at least) develop facility with all of them independently – anything can be filtered. There aren’t any special cases where the commands suddenly behave differently. All of the possible outcomes emerge naturally from combinations of commands.
The game-world analogue for this is a physical simulation – given a number of universally available options (walking, lifting things, letting things go, throwing things), and all outcomes emerge from combinations of these, in the context of the universal world rules (e.g. mass, gravity, the rigidity of objects, friction).
A given puzzle (e.g. press a button high up on a wall) might have many solutions – stack some boxes, throw a ball at it, etc., and perhaps only one or two of them were anticipated by the scenario author.
Once you get to a certain level of facility (e.g. you’re no longer trying to pick up the air, or ‘throw’ when you’re not holding anything), every sequence of actions does at least have an outcome. (Though you might not like it!)
In CDLIB (MUD software – I’m not sure how this compares with Inform), the situation is quite different.
While there are global verbs, like ‘north’ – many verbs are made available to the player by relevant objects. I can’t ‘smoke’ anything except a cigarette – I can’t ‘smoke twig’. (Unless I’m carrying a cigarette, in which case I might be told ‘You can’t smoke that.’) I can load my sling with pebbles, but not a stick of chalk.
Successful smoking and sling-loading are special cases, outcomes that were pre-planned. Many attempts to invoke these concepts result in no outcome at all.
Pocket interactive fiction occupies a very awkward position, to my mind. Immersion requires the promise that you could do anything, but specifying the flammability of every object in the game world is a crazy investment when all you want to do is let the player enjoy a post-coital toke in scene six.
One complicating factor is that a lot of the actions we wish to support in IF are very high-level. Smoking consists of numerous small actions (open packet, get cigarette from packet, put cigarette in lips (not mouth!), get match from matchbox, rub match on matchbox, touch cigarette with match, shake match).
Another complicating factor is the highly idiomatic nature of language – it only makes sense to ‘smoke’ a handful of things, but it’s immersion-breaking if we simplified and forced users to type ‘consume cigarette’.
So we resort to writing special cases needed to make the game go… but then we’re left repairing the immersion by writing endless witty no-outcome responses to unsupported actions like ‘smoke chalk’.
You cannot be a major supplier of office tools without having giving the newest technologies from the most trusted providers in office gear. JR Copier of Minnesota builds valued partnerships with foremost international manufacturers to offer the most efficient and dependable technologies in the marketplace – assisting our consumers reduce downtime, control hazards and handle fees.
Enjoy Everglades Resort Park, with this undivided-interest property, situated 1 lot away from the water! Bring in your RV, under 20 years old, and keep...
The Bank of Canada once again opted to hold its target for the overnight rate at 1 per cent this morning. Interest rates have been held constant for over two years, the longest such period since the 1950s. The Bank somewhat tempered its bias for higher future interest rates, including a softer statement regarding the appropriateness of a gradual withdrawal of monetary stimulus as excess supply in the economy is absorbed. In a bit of a surprise, the Bank actually raised its forecast for the growth in the Canadian economy this year to 2.2 per cent, but kept its 2013 forecast at 2.3 per cent growth. The Bank judges that at that pace of growth, the Canadian economy will return to full capacity by the end of 2013.
It is our view that monetary policy at the Bank of Canada will continue to be constrained by external events in the global economy and household debt growth at home. While the Bank's preference for tighter policy is clear, it is difficult to make a case for higher interest rates when core inflation is below the Bank's 2 per cent target and already slow economic growth is threatened by global uncertainty. Therefore, we are forecasting that the Bank of Canada will hold its target overnight rate at 1 per cent until mid-to-late 2013 when, conditioned on an improved global economic outlook, it may test the water with a 25 basis point rate increase.
I make myself available at all times. My web site is here to help you 24 hours a day. When you are ready to see a listing in person, or just have a simple question, please don't hesitate to contact me!
You are not logged in. If this is your first visit here, please read the Frequently Asked Questions. It explains how the forum works. You must be registered before you can use all the forum's features/options. Click here to register or click here to read more information about the registration process. To read threads, click on the forum you want to view. If you are already registered, please login here.
You are invited and welcome to help us in keeping this manual up-to-date, and refining it over time.
Please do not add pages by yourself. If you wish to add to the manual you can add it in the existing pages. If, however, your content does not fit an existing chapter please confer with the administrators.
If you do find mistakes in the manual please let us know through the Support Contact Form, or login and change it yourself.
Apart from being an online developer, it is usually a website hosting provider that gives area title
To get the brand new customers to get started within the cloud computing, AWS is introducing a brand new free utilization tier.
by way of worth but in addition quality of service and product enhancement in addition to attempting to help the surroundings.
TV shows like Doomsday Preppers and Doomsday Castle have both helped and hurt the idea of prepping in various
Medical professionals and also scientists who have actually gotten Pattern for Survival moneying credit rating these
Also remember to pack a couple of potholder or oven mitts to handle hot utensils, such as marshmallow forks.
There are numerous ways wherein you need to use paint to transform a boring wooden picnic table to something extra colourful.
All endorsements or reviews related to Hostgator are primarily based on my personal experience with this hosting firm.
Unlike observed survival, which thinks about all causes of death, loved one survival steps survival from cancer cells only.
low cost coupon, then I might counsel you to seek for Bluehost Black Friday Low cost Coupon on Google you will discover many over there not
and mammograms - two key methods of very early detection associated with better survival possibilities - are simply undesirable and out of
reach And also some of the city's top healthcare facilities don't approve low-income insurance policies effortlessly or in any way, Winkfield explained.
of you is also not prepping because you're letting things (weather, crime, or other outside forces) to own or control you.
a lot of anabolic steroids and other supplements on the market, do not begin using creatine without first consulting a doctor.
Whether you are planning a faraway excursion or settling down in your own backyard, keep what you've just
You need a publication that suits your needs and that's specifically just what we intend to assist you find.
hand crank blender, hand crank mixer, armed forces design folding cot (or maintain open as well as establishment things beneath), also a little porta potty.
With the establishments upkeep firm arrangement solution company will many times recommend continuouslying repair the devices
Facilities team likewise gives technological help during growth of brand-new buildings and handles numerous capital maintenance
It's this credible service that has us noted as a top option for facility maintenance in Twin Cities.
PMM Business' mobile service engineer is available and also will certainly tailor each specific work to your establishments certain requirements
The cute Valentine's Day survival kit to the right I found at Ustamp4fun and also they also consist of a complimentary PDF.
just how a computer system works as well as how you can do word processing and also spreadsheets in a Windows environment.
An excellent free online foreteller will certainly supply you sufficiency to figure out whether they are specific or not.
providers however with their discount coupons, you get the superior service for the price of primary internet hosting suppliers like
of materials, but two of the most common are muslin and canvas, materials that are inexpensive and take paint well.
Functioning solely in commercial and also industrial industries, Hernandez Business can sustain any building and also boost.
effective body building supplements. There may be some weight gain with the body holding more water but to me that just has many advantages.
Note that even though Nightmare mode enemies are generally greater degree, the Survival method rewards will be based on the objective's initial enemy degrees.
solution permits individuals in your company to visit to Maintenance Connection to apply for maintenance
The 1970s was a duration of increasing food costs and also the Swedish federal government intended to advertise a message of healthy eating.
that the black-white breast cancer cells survival void is growing While the rate of bust cancer cells deaths was 17 percent higher for blacks
overall survival to radiation treatment in a late-stage research study of clients with advanced disease whose tumors produce a healthy protein called PD-L1 associated with boosted threat of
Internet hosting plans from HostGator follow a particular guideline concerning the options and software services of the plans
When you're contemplating Hostgator, you will need to find out if this internet host offers the fitting options, pricing, and services to best suit your wants.
Particularly when you've been to 48 and also you keep passing away stupidly in degree 30 or 34 ect ...
Your center work environment could either choose to be predictive as well as positive at making these adjustments
Tess is additionally the author of the extremely rated Prepper's Cookbook, which assists you to produce a prepare for stocking, organizing as well as maintaining an appropriate emergency food supply
Grylls as well as Les Stroud invest each episode of their particular shows providing suggestions that expound on these to
can place your request here. Not only is downloading super-fast with this product, it also supports downloading multiple videos at once - and easily too.
Monitoring work order history for devices as well as general maintenance costs (labor as well as components) will result in a decrease of the
Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs) have longer lifetime, lower energy uses, reduced maintenance expenses and also enhanced safety and security benefits over incandescent, neon and also Compact Fluorescent
The study: As The Huffington Blog post reported in October, regardless of developments in medication over the past 3 years, bust cancer cells survival amongst black ladies
retail centers sector is consistently tested to initiate improvements that will certainly regulate costs.
I did however expertise a few technical points using this site, as I experienced to reload the web site a lot of times previous to I could get it to load properly.
Not that I'm complaining, but slow loading instances times will very frequently affect your placement in google and could damage your high-quality score if ads and marketing
As Mike Snyder from The Economic Collapse blog points out, the public needs all the aid they can obtain.
There are many different ways to report and gauge cancer cells survival statistics Your doctor can clarify the statistics for bust cancer cells
certainly actually end up being what number of crying she cries through the course of the woman's union.
And if you adopt this mindset, then you may as well go ahead with the concrete lawn because you have lost the reason that you started gardening at all.
A periodic stropping here and there has actually postponed the introduction of the knife to a sharpener.
Besides if you do not have your insect out bag, you will certainly have to reach your pest out bag as well as this tiny set could aid you arrive.
agent in innovative condition, the Fda authorized bevacizumab in February 2008 for use in metastatic HER2-negative
I would not claim his answers are unanticipated, but he does an excellent work of interwining well-chosen choices from survival literary works with some initial coverage as well as his individual story, as well
community. Your site offered us with helpful information to work on. You have performed a formidable process and our whole neighborhood will be thankful to you.
Amazing issues here. I am very glad to see your article. Thanks a lot and I'm taking a look ahead to contact you.
spelling issues and I to find it very bothersome to tell the reality on the other hand I will certainly come back again.
up and drop off other vehicles. Selecting an expert worldwide delivery company is the selection to go ahead with, right away.
Euromed Feminist Initiative EFI – the Euromed Feminist Initiative (IFE-EFI) issued yesterday a Statement arguing to ensure the protection and full participation of Syrian women in the peace and transitional process. IFE-EFI STATEMENT Syrian women participation in ...
The Hispanic population has been the largest minority in the United States since 2002. The U.S. Hispanic market, some 50 million people, is the second-largest in the world. Hispanics make up nearly 15% of the total U.S. Population and are growing five times faster than the general populace. The Hispanic Population has increased 70% in the last ten years; with a 5.4% annual increase, that momentum will not slow any time soon.
The increased Latino presence has in turn affected the consumer marketplace. Higher education levels and increased expendable incomes have intensified the purchasing power of the U.S. Hispanic population, giving Hispanic consumers one of the largest disposable incomes of any minority group . This creates a potentially lucrative, yet uniquely challenging, opportunity, for retail and service businesses. The U.S. Hispanic population is extremely varied - individuals speak only Spanish, only English or are Bilingual; U.S. Hispanics hail from twenty-two countries; and Latinos may either be immigrants or born in the U.S. To effectively reach the diverse population, Hispanic marketing messages must accommodate the assorted values, customs, beliefs, behaviors and attitudes found among Hispanics in the United States.
We help you reach this mushrooming demographic by understanding the culture and the psychology of the Hispanic consumer and running with that.
easy diy rustic headboard build a headboard bedrooms headboards and master bedroom within how to wood design 9 easy diy wooden headboard.
white reclaimed wood headboard queen size projects easy diy ideas wooden do it yourself,easy diy headboard ideas wood plank headboards do it yourself,easy diy headboard plans weathered wood save some money and turn fence posts into a plank,easy diy wood plank headboard the rustic project plans wooden,easy do it yourself headboard ideas diy wood plans,easy do it yourself headboard ideas diy wooden wood,easy diy wooden headboard wood oh my sweet goodness i think this is the one have pinned do it yourself ideas,easy diy wooden headboard wood plank do it yourself ideas inspiring rustic best about,easy diy wooden headboard do it yourself ideas bed wood,easy do it yourself headboard ideas diy wood cheap rustic home decors.
Your browser does not support JavaScript, or JavaScript has been turned off. Please use a modern browser such as IE7+, Firefox, Chrome, or Opera to view this site. Return to University of Wisconsin Colleges home
She finds a seat at the big, white table in my kitchen and I share my warmest blanket with her, a recent gift from a precious friend, because I read recently that heavy blankets calm anxieties. We both hold our cups of coffee, letting them warm our cold hands as if they could heal our […]
Filed Under: A Life with Jesus, Hospitality, Living Simply, My Heart, Sisterhood, Spiritual Growth Tagged With: anxiety, battles, broken hearts, Casting Crowns, challenges, friendship, hurt, hurting friends, Jesus is enough, Just Be Held, loved ones, prayer, recovery, save them, saving the world, Savior, sisterhood, struggling, surrender
The annual Gingerbread House Decorating Party is one of the most popular (and sticky!) events held at Covenant. Children of all ages (including adults) are invited to decorate gingerbread houses with frosting and candy. The cost is $5 per house. Please sign up ahead so that we will know how many houses to prepare and how much candy to buy. You may use our convenient online registration form or sign up in the church foyer or call the church office at 775-746- 8118.
Second Life® and Linden Lab® are trademarks or registered trademarks of Linden Research, Inc. All rights reserved. No infringement is intended.This fansite and blog is in no way affliated or endorsed by either Linden Lab® or Second Life®.
Techcon Systems G Series retainers and cap accommodate, in particular, 20oz/591ml and 1/10 gallon/325ml cartridges. Smaller metal retainers that adapt the G Series retainer cap, for use with the smaller diameter cartridges, are also available Air tubing is factory pre-assembled with a quick connect bayonet adaptor for ease of use. Can withstand pressures up to 65psi (4.48bar) for the plastic retainer cap and 100psi (6.9bar) for the aluminium retainer.
Privacy Policy | Code of Business Conduct | UK Modern Slavery Act | Supplier Code of Conduct | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Over at GQ, a Redditor wrote a taxonomy (his words; not mine) of the seven distinct types of guys you have in any fantasy football league. What do you think? Who are you?
I wrote about Photosynth when it first came out as a plugin back in August 2007.Then, I wasn’t sure, and felt that it was a technology looking for a reason. Since then, Microsoft have done a few very, very cool things with it. The most important of these is that anyone can now create Photosynths (essentially, think image stitching, but in all dimensions..).
All you have to do is go to the Photosynth site, download the app and chuck some photos at it. It munges away for a bit and then after a bit uploads them all to the Photosynth site and gives you a link. It helps very much when you’re taking the photos to think about the fact that you want them to be connected: they obviously have to be the same scene, and I’ve found that standing reasonably still and taking around you tends to work reasonably well.
A “good synth” (the software tells you how “synthy” your selection is once it’s uploaded it – presumably a measure of how well it has managed to stitch stuff together) is pretty satisfying, although there are some obviously winning features which are missing. The single most obvious one of these is that you can’t add links or hotspots to the synth you create. For museums particularly, I think this’ll be a problem.
I did a synth a while back of the Boxkite at Bristol Museum. It’s a nice object to use (or so I thought) – it’s up in the rafters and you can walk all around it, taking photos from 360 degrees. As it happens, the result is pretty good, but not great. I’m wondering whether the software might have confused one side of the object from the other. Either way, it gives an insight into how museums could start using Photosynth to enhance collections online. More interestingly, perhaps (given the fair size of the Photosynth plugin), it could be used in-gallery (maybe with a Microsoft Surface..) to let audiences really engage with objects. Have a poke around the Photosynth site to get a feel for other museum stuff.
When I saw the astonishing CNN Photosynth from Obama’s Inaugeration I started thinking about how else you could use it to enhance online experiences. I had what I thought at the time was an original idea (looking now I realise that Nick Poole had commented on my original post suggesting exactly this!) – how about using Flickr as a source for building a Photosynth?
I needed an iconic object that would have been Creative Commons licensed on Flickr. Apollo 10 turned out to be a good one – I ran a search on Flickr and found 40 CC photos I could use, all taken in the Making the Modern World gallery of the Science Museum, my old stomping ground.
There’s no API I’m aware of for Photosynth yet. This is another missing trick – imagine if you could step straigt from Flickr to a 3D synthed view of any search… – so for my experiment I had to download the entire set of search results. For this, I used a cunning app called Downloadr, which lets you automatically download all Flickr pics which match a certain search. Then it was just a matter of re-uploading the images via Photosynth.
The result is here. Given that this is entirely made up of images taken at completely different times and by different people, I think it works pretty well. The crowd sourcing element adds a lot to Photosynth, I think. It’s still a shame that it isn’t possible to add links or otherwise play with the resulting synth – I think it’d add a lot.
Posted on January 31, 2009 by Mike Ellis.	Posted in Museums	| Tagged 3d, apollo 10, microsoft, museum, photosynth, science museum	| 8 Comments
What seems like a looong time ago I came up with an idea for “bootstrapping” the Non API Web (NAW), particularly around extracting un-structured content from (museum) collections pages.
The idea of scraping pages when there’s a lack of data access API isn’t new: Dapper launched a couple of years ago with a model for mapping and extracting from ‘ordinary’ html into a more programmatically useful format like RSS, JSON or XML. Before that there have been numerous projects that did the same (PiggyBank, Solvent, etc); Dapper is about the friendliest web2y interface so far, but it still fails IMHO in a number of ways.
Of course, there’s always the alternative approach, which Frankie Roberto outlined in his paper at Museums and the Web this year: don’t worry about the technology; instead approach the institution for data via an FOI request…
The original prototype I developed was based around a bookmarklet: the idea was that a user would navigate to an object page (although any templated “collection” or “catalogue” page is essentially the treated the same). If they wanted to “collect” the object on that page they’d click the bookmarklet, a script would look for data “shapes” against a pre-defined store, and then extract the data. Here’s some screen grabs of the process (click for bigger)
User clicks on the bookmarklet and a popup tells them that this page has been “collected” before. Data is separated by the template and “structured”
Here, the object hasn’t been collected but the tech spots that the template is the same, so knows how to deal with the “data shape”
I got talking to Dan Zambonini a while ago and showed him this first-pass prototype and he got excited about the potential straight away. Since then we’ve met a couple of times and exchanged ideas about what to do with the system, which we code-named “hoard.it”.
One of the ideas we pushed about early on was the concept of building web spidering into the system: instead of primarily having end-users as the “data triggers”, it should – we reasoned – be reasonably straightforward to define templates and then send a spider off to do the scraping instead.
Dan has taken that idea and run with it. He built a spider in PHP, gave it a set of rules for templates and link-navigation and set it going. A couple of days ago he sent me a link to the data he’s collected – at time of writing, over 44,000 museum objects from 7 museums.
Dan has put together a REST-like querying method for getting at this data. Queries are passed in via URL and constructed in the form attribute/value – the query can be as long as you like, allowing fine-grained data access.
Data is returned as XML – there isn’t a schema right now, but that can follow in further prototypes. Dan has done quite a lot of munging to normalise dates and locations and then squeezed results into a simplified Dublin Core format.
Yes, you guessed it – this is “things where location.made=Japan and dc.subject=weapons or entertainment”
The exposing of museum data in “machine-useful” form is a topic about which you’ll have noticed I’m pretty passionate. It’s a hard call, though (and one I’m working on with a number of other museum enthusiasts) – to get museums to understand the value of exposing data in this way.
The hoard.it method is a lovely workaround for those who don’t have, can’t afford or don’t understand why machine-accessible object data is important. On the one hand, it’s a hack – screenscraping is by definition a “dirty” method for getting at data. We’d all much prefer it if there was a better way – preferably, that all museums everywhere did this anyway. But the reality is very, very different. Most museums are still in the land of the NAW. I should also add that some (including the initial 7 museums spidered for the purposes of this prototype) have some API’s that they haven’t exposed. Hoard.it can help those who have already done the work of digitising but haven’t exposed the data in a machine-readable format.
Now that we’ve got this kind of data returned, we can of course parse it and deliver back…pretty much anything, from mobile-formatted results to ecards to kiosk to…well, use your imagination…
I’m running another mashed museum day the day before the annual Museums Computer Group conference in Leicester, and this data will be made available to anyone who wants to use it to build applications, visualisations or whatever around museum objects. Dan has got a bunch of ideas about how to extend the application, as have I – but I guess the main thing is that now it’s exposed, you can get into it and start playing!
We’re just in the process of putting together a simple series of wiki pages with some FAQ’s. Please use that, or the comments on this post to get in touch. Look forward to hearing from you!
Posted on May 20, 2008 by Mike Ellis.	Posted in Museums	| Tagged api, Application programming interface, collections, data, Data Warehousing, Databases, hoardit, JSON, linked data, museum, NAW, objects, science museum, semantic, Web page, World Wide Web, XML	| 20 Comments
Yesterday there was a flurry of excitement on Twitter (a “flutter of tweets”?) as the Science Museum’s Launchball was named SXSW “Best of Show“. This is an awesome achievement. SXSW is a hugely well regarded conference and for a museum to win not only the Games section but the coveted BOS as well is just enormous news.
I was still at the Science Museum as Head of Web for the first two thirds of the Launchball project, a fact of which I’m incredibly proud. As it happens, I got to do the fun bit without any of the hard work which always takes up the final push for the summit of any digital project…
Launchball is by pretty much any standards an enormous success. It has received over 1.5 million page views in the first six months of life. After I posted it to Digg it took on its own virality, taking the Science Museum web server down because of the immense levels of traffic. It has a following which you can see in the fact that users feel enthusiatic enough about it to create entire sites dedicated to possible solutions. You can see by the comments on this site, for example, how communities started to evolve around the game.
The success of Launchball is, in retrospect, fairly easy to ascribe. I thought it might be interesting to focus on the elements that I feel made up this success, given my (two-thirds) complete knowledge of the way that the project was driven. Fundamentally, these elements centred around freedom in the way the project was allowed to run, flexibility and adaptability of content and testing teams, creativity of the people involved and a certain element of luck that all the elements came together in the right order and at the right time.
We (the web team) pushed for – and were given – a huge amount of scope in helping to define the creative concept behind the game. This is relatively unusual in my experience – often the web team is seen as a service mechanism to deliver content by curators, education staff or other content teams. In this instance, I pushed very hard for recognition that – given the people involved – the web team creative input was absolutely key to delivering a successful experience for Launchpad Online.
Way back at the beginning of the project – looong before any creative agencies were involved – we sat down in a small group knowing only the budget and timescale, and braindumped what we thought we should aim to do. I’d had a tiny fledgling idea about a physics engine environment which encouraged users to play and “learn by stealth”. I’m a Heath Robinson fan (who isn’t?) and an inventor at heart, and the idea of having an environment in which you could play around with a bunch of gadgets, solve some fun problems and maybe learn something too was hugely compelling.
We started by running a brainstorm with the content team, and then honed this down with just the web team. We chose to have a defined output of 3 or 4 concepts. My brainstorms always begin with this: “We have infinite budget, infinite time. Now what do we want to do?”. I see little point in being constraining when what you’re trying to do is capture everything…
Out of this we came out with 4 key concepts – “Build it and share it”, “Ask an Explainer”, “Simulation”, “Real Experiments”. Each had social elements, interactivity, and were designed to be built around a central Flash-based interactive.
We then presented these concepts to the various stakeholders – the content teams, sponsors and education experts and used their feedback to focus and distill the final vision for the interactive and site. In the end we took the first concept but took popular elements from the others. The end result was the vision of a physics engine environment. We used mindmap software and Powerpoint to develop wireframes so we could convey our ideas to the stakeholders. Here’s a segment of one of the key documents:
You’ll notice that the whole concept of a “stage” upon which various gadgets are moved is already pretty well established – we still hadn’t taken on a creative or technical agency, wanting instead to be very sure we had a strong vision and brief to take to them at the right time.
One of the key things that we wanted to get right all the way through the process was to avoid a very obvious temptation: to try and re-create the Launchpad exhibits in a virtual medium. This would have been terribly easy, and completely wrong: Launchpad itself is a very physical experience, deliberately avoiding virtuality on-gallery. Instead, we wanted an environment which spoke to the essence of Launchpad: experimentation, fun, a strong element of self-guided learning, but without aping the physicality of the exhibits.
Once we had sign-off of the concept, we then went through the briefing and pitching process, choosing the wonderful Preloaded as the design agency. Behind the scenes, we used Eduserv (more specifically, Stephen Pope, one of the best web developers I’ve ever had the pleasure to work with…) to hook in the Sitecore CMS to store levels and user preferences. Outside, of course, was a framework of project management, run by “I’m just good at nagging” Jane Audas…
Preloaded did an astonishing job with the concept, taking it from paper-based design and really running with it to make it something with enormous class and style. The addition of ambient washes of music came from nowhere, for example, and really add hugely to the experience.
Round about this time I left the museum, so missed out on – as I say – the inevitable last minute tweaks, irritations, budget issues and timescales that always lurk around any project. From a distance, it all looked smooth, and maybe that’s all that counts 🙂
Either which way, I’d just like to say a massive well done to everyone involved. I think Launchball really sets the bar (really, really high…) for not just museum interactive exhibits but for online gameplay as a whole. It’s just absolutely great that the world seems to have recognised this as well.
Posted on March 11, 2008 by Mike Ellis.	Posted in Museums	| Tagged gaming, interactive, launchball, launchpad, preloaded, science museum, SXSW	| 14 Comments
there is a major dividing line in the history of Eastern and Western Europewhat is the secret to overcoming a communist past?
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989, the former captive nations of Eastern and Central Europe faced a daunting challenge: Could they, after more than four decades under communism, make the enormously difficult transition from totalitarianism to democracy and Marxism to capitalism?
As they took stock of what would be needed, the enormity of the task stunned even those who had been part of the old Europe before the communists arrived and seized control. The captive nations were like suddenly released prisoners who had been in isolation for so long that their muscles and minds had atrophied and they could barely stand or speak.
They concluded they would need some if not all of the following to become viable free-market democracies:
Democratic institutions such as a multi-party legislature, an independent judiciary, and free and open elections.
A military strong enough to discourage incursions by neighbors, especially Russia. (A concern of all the ex-captive nations from the beginning).
The political will to weather the inevitable ups and downs of the transition and not to give in discouragement or despair.
Today, some 25 years later, we can see that some once-captive nations, like Poland and Estonia, have successfully made the transition while others are struggling. What is the secret of their success? Why has Poland emerged as a leader in the European region? Why is little Estonia ranked second in Europe and eighth in the world in The Heritage Foundation’s 2015 Index of Economic Freedom?
We have selected two former captive nations—Poland, the largest, and Estonia, the smallest—and examined their political and economic history since 1989 to arrive at some answers. One key factor is their belief that, in the words of former Estonian prime minister Mart Laar, “freedom is not only a dream, or an excellent idea, it is also a very practical tool.” They believe that freedom works.
With a population of 38.5 million, Poland is the largest and most homogeneous nation of Eastern and Central Europe. Its Roman Catholic religion reinforces its nationalism and gave it a doctrine strongly opposed to communism. The Polish people’s entrepreneurial spirit frustrated the communist plan to implement a command economy. As Zbigniew Brzezinski wrote, “almost everything in Polish society and in Polish history conspired against a communist system imposed on Warsaw from Moscow.”
As a result of its economic and political decisions over the last quarter of a century, Poland today is 19th in Europe and 42nd globally in the Heritage Economic Index. In Freedom House’s annual “Freedom in the World” survey, it has the highest rating in freedom, civil liberties and political rights. According to Freedom House, Poland is also among the countries with the most press freedom, ranked 26 in the world.
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) has tracked economic reform in former totalitarian countries since 1989. In six categories, from large scale privatization to trade to competition, Poland observes the standards of an industrialized market economy.
In the area of national security, Poland joined NATO in 1999 and the European Union in 2004. With a flexible exchange rate, an IMF (International Monetary Fund) credit line, and healthy economic policies, Poland was the only country in Europe that had economic growth during the 2009 economic crisis. By reason of its size and prudent public policies, it is an accepted leader in Europe, with Jerzy Buzek serving as president of the European Parliament from 2009-2012, and Donald Tusk as the current president of the European Council.
Poland’s story proves that a once captive nation can overcome decades of Marxism-Leninism and serve as a model of free market capitalism and liberal democracy.
Regaining its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, Estonia is today a stable multi-party democracy and among the 10 freest economies in the world. It joined NATO and the European Union in 2004 and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in 2010. The following year, Estonia became the first former Soviet state to adopt the Euro. As the Heritage Foundation puts it, “Estonia [with a population of just 1.3 million] is one of the world’s most dynamic and modern economies,” particularly in the field of electronics and telecommunications.
Like Poland, Estonia has the highest rating in political and press freedom as well as economic reform in privatization, trade and competition. It has strong trade relations with Germany, Sweden, Finland, and Russia, the latter a matter of increasing concern because of Vladimir Putin’s aggressive actions in Georgia, the Crimea, and Ukraine.
When Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania all joined NATO in 2004, members of the international community accepted their membership on the basis of psychological rather than actual physical security. But recent events in Ukraine have forced an acknowledgement that Putin’s Russia seems bent on expanding its sphere of influence throughout the region, with an eye on the Baltic states and perhaps even Poland.
When the nations of Eastern and Central Europe joined the European Union and NATO, it seemed as though the history of the region had come to an end. But it was in reality a beginning, the beginning of a new Europe composed of old democracies like Germany and France and new democracies like Poland and Estonia. Political and economic differences have surfaced, some of them serious, but Mart Laar has suggested that the biggest challenge of all may be the integration of the value systems of Western Europe and Eastern Europe. Both Europes went through the same stages of the Reformation and the Counter-Reformation, the Enlightenment and the rise of the nation-state.
But there is a major dividing line in their history. Western Europeans experienced only one kind of totalitarianism—Nazism. Eastern Europeans suffered under not only Nazism but Communism. As Laar has written, “Communist dictatorships and Communist crimes must be treated and condemned in the same way as Nazism and Nazi crimes.”
Until this is accepted on all sides, it will be difficult to create a unified Europe that can meet the inevitable political, economic and strategic challenges of this millennium. Fortunately, an important step was taken by the European Parliament in 2009 when it declared August 22—the date of the infamous Nazi-Soviet “Non-Aggression” Pact of 1939—as a day of remembrance of the victims of both Nazi and Communist totalitarianism. The parliament’s historic act confirmed that it is determined to carefully study the past so that it will not be repeated.
Author Ursula CholmeleyPosted on 12th December 2017 Categories Gardening advice, Snowdrops, Spring, spring bulbs, The garden in February, The Garden in October
There are 1,000s of varieties of snowdrops out there. Some with differences so tiny they need an expert to point them out and it can be hard to determine from the enormous choice which will be the most reliable snowdrop varieties for your garden.
To help you, here is our guide to our favourite snowdrops based on their ability to spread and thrive.
The common snowdrop. Pure white with the famous little green bridge on the inside petals; this beautiful, simple flower is the harbinger of Spring. Flowering in mid February and continuing until early March, it is the best snowdrop to naturalise under shrubs and in thin grass. When grown in drifts, the flowers will release a powerful scent of honey on sunny days. Grow on a west facing bank to appreciate the sunshine and scent together.
The blowsy cousin of Galanthus nivalis with almost as many petals as it has letters in its name. Botanically you might say that the perianth of this beautiful snowdrop is stuffed with tepals. This is the double form of Galanthus nivalis and like the single form, releases its scent throughout late February. Slightly later to flower and excellent for picking for early posies.
A lot less demanding than some yellow snowdrops (Galanthus Lady Elphinstone, we are thinking of you: when she is moved the flowers will have green markings instead of yellow until she has settled down) ‘Wendy’s Gold’ is a vigorous yellow form of Galanthus plicatus from the Black Sea. Her obviously different flowers that dance in the breeze make her a stand out ‘best snowdrop’ for any collection.
The first to flower in the Spring batch of snowdrops – there are some snowdrops that flower in late winter and even autumn – Galanthus elwesii is out in January in mild years. Our favourite named variety is ‘Fred’s Giant’ which is a whopper with bulbs the size of small alliums. Big leaves and big flowers makes this variety perfect for naturalising near the back of the herbaceous border.
Titania is part of the stable of tall, double snowdrops known as Greatorex Doubles. To my mind she has the neatest flower with a tall upright habit. If you preferred a plant with looser morals, you could try Galanthus ‘Jacquenetta’ which has a fuller flower, is inclined to throw petals out to the side and lurch about a bit. Both of these snowdrops will multiply reliably without any help.
Author Ursula CholmeleyPosted on 1st June 2016 3rd June 2016 Categories colour combinations, Gardening advice, Spring, The Garden in May, trees and shrubs
Towards mid-May, Easton Walled Gardens is filled with an avalanche of blossom. The early blackthorn on the hedges around our village and its’ associated weather pattern (‘a blackthorn winter’ = a spell of harsh weather while it flowers) is over for another year.
Now the hawthorn hedges around the carpark and village are covered with small white blossoms arranged in clusters. The dense wood and knarled outline of a mature hawthorn trunk gives the appearance of extreme age. When the tree is festooned with blossom, the combination of age and vitality is a potent emblem of spring.
The growth rate of hawthorn trees is quite fast so they may be pruned in winter. Hedges should be pruned after flowering and, to keep it neat, again in autumn. Leaving the second pruning, will give you more flowers in spring the following year. Typically, we have a ‘do as I say, not as I do’ approach and opt for one late summer cut which is when the birds have finished nesting and we have time to tidy the hedge up. As you can see, we still get a smattering of flowers.
We have an infestation of apple capsid bug which shouldn’t affect fruit production but will lead to marks on the ripe apples; a pity, but for now we are just grateful for the first ever blossom on our young trees. The tatty foliage on the greengage trees is also caused by these little bugs. We don’t like to spray while the trees are in flower; it is far too indiscriminate and will harm pollinators like bees so we may try a wash in early spring to attack the eggs early next year. The adults will lay eggs in nooks and crannies for overwintering.
Speaking of damage to blossom, the lilac blight on the rare shrubs in the meadows, has become too serious to ignore. This is a bacterial infection and is highly localised at the moment, just confined to the lilacs in the rose meadows. Suggested treatment includes copper sulphate in late winter which we will try next year. Incidentally, Syringa vulgaris ‘Zulu’ seems the most resistant to blight.
This image is of a very beautiful old double lilac that survives in the gardens from 100 year old stock. At the time, lilacs symbolised the remembrance of a first love. We have established this sucker in a large tub by the entrance to the gardens. It greets visitors with its beautiful scent.
Elsewhere in the garden things are much rosier. The crabapple blossom has turned pure white and sends showers of confetti onto the long meadow grasses and under your feet as you walk.
This is Wisteria floribunda ‘Burford’ taken from an original climber at Burford House in Oxfordshire. The very long racemes with dark purple and lilac pea flowers and a beautiful scent require a pilgrimage every day while they are in flower. Long whippy growth on wisterias will need pruning twice a year, once after flowering back to 3-5 buds and then again in late winter back to 2-3 buds. It is also a good idea to give them a slow release, high potash feed in Spring to boost flower production the following year. This is particularly important if you see the foliage turning pale or chlorotic later in the year suggesting it is under stress.
For totally undemanding blossom, you could try Weigela florida which, here, is confined to some of the most unpromising parts of the garden where it is dry or in semi-shade. Completely uncomplaining on our alkaline soil it will produce corymbs of flowers on last year’s growth. Like many spring flowering shrubs, it should be pruned after flowering.
Viburnums are excellent sources of spring blossom but the queen is really Viburnum opulus var. roseum better known as the snowball tree. The lime green buds open to become pure white and are excellent cut for the vase if you split the bottom of the stems with secateurs. Here they are in the White Space Garden.
Beyond the hedge is our ‘Sakura’ moment. Sakura is the Japanese for cherry blossom and the source of a traditional Japanese folk song of Spring, the season of cherry blossom.
As you round the hedge alongside the velvet border, 16 cherry trees are in full bloom. Our variety is Prunus ‘Shogetsu’, chosen for the broad shape of the trees, the exquisite blossom in white and pale pink and for the later flowering period. This is one of the last of the flowering cherries to break out in all its spring glory.
The great cherry, Prunus ‘Tai Haku’ is already going over at the top of the gardens. These are ornamental cherries and the glory is in their flowers. If you want fruit you will need to chose sweet cherry cultivars (usually prefixed Prunus avium) or cooking cherries (usually prefixed Prunus cerasosus.) We grow P. avium ‘Stella’ and ‘Early Rivers’ on the wall of the old peach house – they are supposed to be sweet but in our experience, are better for cooking. Our ornamental cherries will now recede into the landscape until Autumn when their leaves colour up in orange, red and yellow.
Author Ursula CholmeleyPosted on 2nd May 2016 23rd June 2016 Categories colour combinations, Spring, spring bulbs, The Garden in April, Tulips
We are in mid-tulip season. Tulipa ‘Albert Heijn’, one of the earliest to flower, is going over. He is a particularly luscious pink with a smoky sheen on the outer curve of the petals. His (and it probably should be ‘her’ with all that feminity but with a name like ‘Albert’ I feel compelled to stick with the masculine) foliage is a gentle grey green that matches the emerging foliage of Nepeta faassenii.
As the flowers fade, the growth on the Nepeta picks up speed and engulfs the tatty, dying foliage of the tulip. We try and consider the effect of mounds of extraneous leaves when we plant our bulbs. Some alliums and large daffodils cultivars are the worst offenders and should be carefully sited where they won’t distract from nearby flowers in mint condition.
It took some research to come up with this combination and we will grow it every year in front of the alpine bed unless replant disease becomes a problem.
In the White Space Garden, Tulipa ‘Diana’ is in bud. Just a single, white tulip but one with a very long flowering period that means we choose her over other popular whites.
Early in her flowering she has the bed nearly to herself but as the petals fade she is joined by a chorus of silvers and whites.
A new white tulip to me this year, is Tulipa ‘Exotic Emperor’, a fosteriana hybrid that I saw in pots at Coton Manor. The outer tepals streaked with green and the sumptuous creamy interior make this tulip worthy of a pot on its own.
Another combination that I liked at Coton Manor is Tulipa Gavota with Ligularia foliage. A very fine tulip that we have used in our pickery or cut flower garden; it’s good to see it used here in a border setting.
Wallflowers make an obvious complementary scheme but we do find them a bit hit and miss as we have a no-slug-pellet policy and, in a hard winter, the wallflowers may not make it. This image shows that even after the flowers are pollinated and the petals start to fade, Tulipa Ballerina is as elegant as her namesake.
Tulips don’t need to be used formally. In our meadows and the woodland walk we use species, early and late tulips to complement the planting. Like the other tulips, these will need to be topped up every year. We order around 10,000 bulbs of which about 2,000 will be tulips.
Archives Select Month September 2018 July 2018 December 2017 July 2017 June 2017 January 2017 November 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 January 2016 October 2015 September 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 December 2014 November 2014 August 2014 June 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 September 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010
I was once asked (on a CS test, no less) how I am unique. That question took me by surprise. What I mean is, we go through this process as we get older in which we begin to expand our view of the world. As children we are totally self centered, and it isn't until later that we begin to understand and empathize with others. I think the final step is determining our place in the world.
So with that in mind, let's find out who I am. Most of the following is simply idle ramblings, so be warned. By the way, if you actually enjoy reading this, you might need to seek professional help.
I had a rough childhood but I made it. On second thought, a friend of mine had it rougher than me. He had his thumb broken by some guys who thought he had stolen something. I guess I just had a childhood.
Well, I'm a music fanatic. My tastes range from classical to bluegrass to blues to jazz. I have an appreciation for country, rap and death metal, but I'm not rushing out to buy the next Clint Black or Snoop Doggy Dog album.
Recently I graduated from the University of Mississippi, affectionately called Ole Miss. It was there that I got a couple degrees in Physics and Computer Science. I worked a little, studied a little, and made some good friends. Overall, the town of Oxford is a pretty cool place.
Currently I live in Charlottesville, where I work and play. Like most southern towns, it has its share of beauty and quaintness. By the way, the Espresso Corner serves a great latte.
If you're interested, check out a picture of my wife Dorothy that I made using the Persistence of Vision raytracer. (Here's another.) The chessboard and background are from the raytracer, and the image of her is from a photo.
blog and definitely will come back in the future. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great work, have a nice
My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing months of hard work due to no data backup.
It's lovely worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all webmasters and bloggers made just right content as you did, the net will
Furthermore, we also present well-liked Transcender observe checks that let you find regions you should enhance on before you decide to take the real exam.
Douglass could hardly remember his mother, who had been consigned to diverse homes with the one where by her infant lived. And he by no means found the id of his father, who was most likely a white gentleman. “Genealogical trees,” Douglass mordantly observed, “do not flourish amid slaves.”
Two shirts experienced some really minimal staining to the front, but I don’t think any detergent might have done any superior. I don’t know just how long they’d been there. One of these seemed to be tomato-centered.
Right before only emailing your manager and asking if she'll Permit you to demand $3,000 to the corporate charge card for your personal PMP exam and teaching, I inspire you to try to this technique.
. We are able to crunch cockroaches below our shoes. We can easily crunch popcorn through a movie. We can easily crunch numbers for a math class. In the main sentence, then, crunch is what the potato chips do
Even though you’re only semi-crunchy, you’ve almost certainly heard of soap nuts by now. If not, I’ll get you up to the mark: they’re an all-pure alternate to laundry detergent.
Go to at least one of L&I's support destinations where you can post your passing exam score outcomes (serves as an software) and shell out your certification charge by Test, money buy, or charge card.
But, environment apart the issue of dishonor, there seems to be one thing Incorrect in petitioning a judge, and so procuring an acquittal rather than informing and convincing him. For his obligation is, not to make a current of justice, but to give judgment; and he has sworn that he will decide based on the laws, and not In line with his individual very good satisfaction; and neither he nor we must always get in to the practice of perjuring ourselves - there can be no piety in that. Will not then have to have me to try and do what I contemplate dishonorable and impious and Mistaken, especially now, Once i am becoming tried out for impiety to the indictment of Meletus.
And I need to beg of you to definitely grant me just one favor, which happens to be this - In the event you hear me using the exact same phrases in my defence which I happen to be during the habit of using, and which a lot of you'll have read from the agora, and with the tables of The cash-changers, or anywhere else, I'd personally inquire you to not be surprised at this, rather than to interrupt me. For I'm greater than seventy many years of age, and this is The very first time that I have at any time appeared inside a courtroom of legislation, and I am quite a stranger to your means of the location; and for that reason I would have you regard me just as if I ended up truly a stranger, whom you'd justification if he spoke in his indigenous tongue, and after The style of his place; - that I think is not really an unfair you could try here ask for. Hardly ever mind the manner, which might or might not be superior; but Feel only of your justice of my lead to, and provides heed to that: Enable the decide determine justly explanation along with the speaker discuss actually.
I determine what it’s like to obtain to borrow cash from my daughters due to the fact my spouse and I ran out of heating oil.
The 4-hour, two hundred-query various-decision exam addresses the domains of apply and expertise required to carry out duties mentioned from the CRC® Exam Technical specs, and should be perfectly understood before taking the exam.
Ahead of registering for an approaching NCEES exam, evaluation your exclusive acceptance and registration approach by picking your state, territory, or overseas entity with the map or fall-down list underneath.
Another person will say: And are you not ashamed, Socrates, of the course of daily life which is likely to carry you to an untimely conclude? To him I could rather answer: There Source you are mistaken: a man who is sweet for everything should not to estimate the possibility of living or dying; he ought only to contemplate whether in accomplishing nearly anything He's doing right or wrong - performing the part of a fantastic man or of a nasty. Whilst, As outlined by your watch, the heroes who fell at Troy weren't excellent for Significantly, plus the son of Thetis higher than all, who entirely despised Threat in comparison with disgrace; and when his goddess mother reported to him, in his eagerness to slay Hector, that if he avenged his companion Patroclus, and slew Hector, he company website would die himself - "Fate," as she claimed, "waits upon you following just after Hector"; he, Listening to this, totally despised danger and Demise, and as an alternative to fearing them, feared rather to are in dishonor, and not to avenge his Mate.
Now do you really envision which i could have survived every one of these decades, if I had led a community lifetime, supposing that just like a superior male I'd generally supported the proper and experienced manufactured justice, as I ought, the first thing? No, in truth, Gentlemen of Athens, neither I nor some other. But I have already been normally the same in all my actions, community along with private, and hardly ever have I yielded any foundation compliance to those who are slanderously termed my disciples or to another. For the best site truth is always that I have no regular disciples: but when any one likes to come back and hear me whilst I am pursuing my mission, no matter if he be youthful or old, he may possibly freely appear.
Welcome to the Christ the King Catholic Church Podcast Page! Christ the King is a charismatic personal parish of the Diocese of Lansing, located in Ann Arbor, Michigan. For more information about Christ the King Catholic Church, please go to our website, www.ctkcc.net.
Note: The RSS feed is meant for use in a feed reader or podcatcher, such as Feedly or iTunes. It will not work correctly in the Chrome browser, but will work in browsers that have feed readers built in, such as Firefox or Internet Explorer.
Homily given at the 8:45 a.m. Mass on Sunday, June 23, 2013, the 12th Sunday in Ordinary Time, by Fr. Ed Fride, Pastor, Christ the King Catholic Church. Jesus wants the world to be brought fully into His Kingdom. We are called to live as responsible citizens, bringing our Catholic values into the public square.
Christ the King Catholic Church is a charismatic, personal parish of the Diocese of Lansing, located in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Okswamp Safari Trails pride themselves in providing high quality tour products and service; complete comfort, private safaris and photographic safari and tailor made mobile tented camping to enable induvial to receive first class care and personalized attention. Our key to our success is flexibility and affordable rate; aim to take stress out on your holiday.
Take some time from the day's activities for a quick break at the beach . Your 200-foot sandy beach and 1-acre lot on Old Mission Harbor is part of the neighborhood and just steps away. There are no busy roads to cross. You will enjoy swimming from our sandy beach, boating, fishing, kayaking and taking out the canoe for a paddle around the harbor. Or just lounge on the sandy beach and take in the beauty of Old Mission Harbor! You are part of a quiet, friendly cul-de-sac neighborhood with collaborative HOA (no fees). Most everything you would need is here in Old Mission, including high-speed internet. Nearby is the Old Mission Lighthouse park (600+ acres) where you hike or bike on the miles of trails and in the fall hunt for deer and small game. Also Bowers Harbor Park; Powers Island; Dougherty House; and quiet roadways and trails which provide hiking and biking opportunities. A short walk to the Old Mission General Store for some ice cream and many tasty food selections including, what you will find is the best pizza. There are numerous nearby wineries and restaurants and a micro-brewery and distillery. Also nearby is the Old Mission branch of the Traverse Area District Library. All this and just a twenty-minute relaxing drive from town.
gradient purple color wedding cakes uploaded by admin at January 21, 2014 in category Unique Wedding Cake. The great gradient purple color wedding cakes image in this page is one of the best photos that related to the main topics Cute Ideas, Purple Wedding Cakes.
If you are searching for some new cake design ideas, so this is the right place to find pictures you're looking for. This gradient purple color wedding cakes is the good choice for your new Unique Wedding Cake. Please don't miss the main story of Cute Ideas, Purple Wedding Cakes if you think this is your ideas. We hope these pictures can inspiring you and match for the ideas that you're looking for.
If you're interested to gradient purple color wedding cakes, you might also like to browse our gallery about Unique Wedding Cake or view the gallery below about Cute Ideas, Purple Wedding Cakes.
Disclaimer : We do not own any of these pictures or products except the articles, which are written by our writer team. All the photos are not under our Copyrights. All the graphics and photos are belong to their respective owners. All photos have been taken from different sources, If any Graphic / Image is under your Copyrights then please E-mail us at info@cakeweddingideas.com to get it removed.
Operating Vacuum Degree :0.04-0.05MPa (adjustable). The item "LOCAL SHIP Electric Piston Vacuum Pump Milking Machine Milker For farm Cows 25L" is in sale since Thursday, December 14, 2017.
This item is in the category "Business & Industrial\Agriculture & Forestry\Livestock Supplies\Cattle - Dairy". The seller is "mydenshine888" and is located in Toronto.
Anyways I am here now and would just like to say kudos for a marvelous post and a all round exciting
all at the minute but I have saved it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be
dedicated to dynamic online memorialization and personal legacy, was born to overcome this particular obstacle through its newly created platform.
snap she posted on Sunday (June 1, 2014). You'll have a dashboard to see who's getting into your information and you'll be directed in how to stop this.
Thanks a bunch for sharing this with all folks you actually realize what you're talking approximately!
info So i am satisfied to exhibit that I've a very good uncanny feeling I came upon exactly what I needed.
This piece of writing is in fact a pleasant one it helps new the web visitors, who are wishing in favor of blogging.
This is my first time pay a quick visit at here and i am truly pleassant to read everthing at one place.
it. Is there anybody getting the same RSS problems? Anyone that knows the answer can you kindly respond?
I'm gone to say to my little brother, that he should also visit this weblog on regular basis to get updated from newest news update.
Hi! I've been following your web site for some time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Porter
My website has a lot of completely unique content I've either created myself or outsourced but it appears a lot of it is popping it
up all over the web without my agreement. Do you know any ways to help stop content from being stolen? I'd really appreciate it.
The reason I ask is because your design seems different then most blogs and I'm looking for something unique.
Hey! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be actually something
I just couldn't leave your site before suggesting that I actually enjoyed the standard information a person supply in your
Nature’s Heritage is proud to bring the best cannabis mother earth has to offer. In ancient times, cannabis was used in China to treat ailments and prevent disease. Throughout the following centuries, cannabis traveled across the globe and each locale perfected its own signature way of growing and cultivating the plant. Nature’s Heritage AR App, brings this hidden cannabis history alive, with multimedia information.
After cancer, Alzheimer’s disease is the second most feared disease in America. Right now, about 5.2 million people in this country are living with Alzheimer’s. Each year, the number grows. That’s because baby boomers continue to age and, in general, people are living longer. By 2025 — 10 years from now — it’s estimated that more […]
After all these years of fostering and the countless cats and kittens we've had in our home, Malvolio's arrival has been a very humbling experience because it's reminded us (me moreso), that every animal is an individual and that no two situations are the same.
Malvolio is now eating, drinking and using the litterbox perfectly - thanks goodness since those are always the things you worry after initially once any illness has been ruled out or brought under control. But he is surely one of the most frightened fosters we've had in a very long time.........so much so that you can just see the ticked off look in his eyes. At this stage, he neither wants our company nor embracing our attempts to befriend him - he is some kind of unhappy and mad; and his growling and hissing are clear indicators of that.
For now we're ensuring his guest room is kept clean, he has lots to eat, and his environment is as warm and comfortable as we can make it. We spend afew minutes several times a day going in to sit with him, talking to him gently and quietly, and will continue to reassure him that he's safe and noone means him any harm; hoping that eventually he'll realize and let us pet him.
PS: I was made aware by one of the readers to this blog that Malvolio is from Shakespeare - thank you again to that person for the information!!
Malvolio will come around ... they all do with you ... look at the miracle you worked with Flossie. Malvolio is one of the characters from Shakespeare's Twelfth Night; your little foster has a grand name !!
so sorry he is so frightened - I am sure your love will help him feel safer even if he never lets you touch him.
Pet lovers please check out my homeless cat blog archives for some fun posts and archived stories about the abandoned/feral cat colony I manage.
classical music might help. I tend to leave the home shopping channel on.. for kitties who are stressed, a quite room seems to be ideal, but your intrusion into a quiet room is far more stressful on them than a room that has noise in it constantly. Art3mis still growls when someone walks on the floor above her room because it doesn't happen that frequently.
Cardinal Nichols is expected to discuss the results of the bishops’ plenary meeting at a press conference on Friday
Bishop Arthur Roche of Leeds has announced a programme of church mergers and closures that will cut the number of parishes in his diocese almost by half
WASHINGTON (CNS) — In separate cases the Supreme Court will hear March 30, April 29 and next fall, the justices will consider persistently unsettled angles on criminal sentencing, including death sentences for people with mental disabilities and life sentences for juveniles.
The court was to hear oral arguments March 30 in a Louisiana case that challenges the death sentence of Kevan Brumfield, who his attorneys say should be exempt from capital punishment because he is intellectually disabled. The case asks the court to allow evidence of disability to be considered in a reconsideration of his death sentence.
In April, the court will hear oral arguments in another type of death penalty case on whether the lethal injection protocol used in Oklahoma is constitutional. In Glossip v. Gross, being heard April 29, the court will review the constitutionality of a lethal injection process that is shown to provide no pain-relieving properties before drugs that may cause pain and suffering are given.
That case was brought by four Oklahoma death-row inmates, although one of them was executed before the court took the case. Florida uses the same drugs for executions.
On March 23, a divided court declined to hear a Texas man’s appeal of his death sentence on multiple grounds, including that others were responsible for the murder for which he was convicted and that executing him more than 30 years after his conviction would be unconstitutionally cruel punishment. Three justices — Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor — said they would have thrown out the death sentence of Lester Bower of Arlington, Texas, because the jury never heard evidence that might have led them to impose a lighter sentence.
The same day, the court agreed to hear another Louisiana case that seeks to define how far back a ruling may be retroactively applied. The court in 2012 prohibited life-without-parole sentences for crimes committed by juveniles. Montgomery v. Louisiana, which will be heard in the fall, involves a man sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole for his role in the 1963 killing of a deputy sheriff. Henry Montgomery was 17 at the time of the crime.
Since the 2012 ruling, lower courts have split as to whether the ruling should be retroactively applied. In Montgomery, the court will first consider whether it has jurisdiction to weigh in on how states decide such cases.
The court’s consideration of criminal justice issues comes soon after Pope Francis on March 20 urged worldwide abolition of the death penalty, calling it “cruel, inhumane and degrading,” and saying it loses all legitimacy in legal systems where judicial error is possible.
After meeting with a delegation from the International Commission Against the Death Penalty, the pope issued a letter urging abolition and saying it “does not bring justice to the victims, but only foments revenge.”
On March 27, meanwhile, the National Latino Evangelical Coalition became the first national association of evangelical congregations to support repeal of the death penalty. In a statement after the announcement, the Rev. Gabriel Salguero, president of the organization, said that after prayer, reflection and dialogue with death penalty abolition groups including Equal Justice USA, “we felt compelled to add our voice to this important issue.”
As followers of Christ, Rev. Salguero said, “we are called to work toward justice for all. And as Latinos, we know too well that justice is not always evenhanded. The death penalty is plagued by racial and economic disparities and risks executing an innocent person. Human beings are fallible and there is no room for fallibility in matters of life and death.”
In Brumfield v. Cain, the court on March 30 will consider whether Brumfield was entitled to a hearing in which a District Court found that he is intellectually disabled to a degree which would disqualify him from capital punishment under the Supreme Court’s 2002 ruling in Atkins v. Virginia. In that case, the court ruled that executing people with intellectual disability is unconstitutional.
Brumfield was convicted in the 1993 murder of Baton Rouge police officer Betty Smothers during a robbery. Brumfield has always maintained his confession to police was coerced and that he was not responsible for the officer’s death.
Brumfield’s conviction preceded the court’s 2002 ruling about intellectual disability being a barrier to death sentences. After Atkins was decided, Brumfield’s pro bono lawyer raised several facts from his trial that suggested he might be intellectually disabled. The state court declined to provide funding for evaluation or a hearing to consider his abilities.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal ruled that he was not entitled to any further evaluation, and that evidence of intellectual disability provided after his trial must be disregarded, in keeping with the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act, out of deference to the state court which convicted him and sentenced him to death.
In a briefing for reporters March 26, Brumfield’s attorneys said there is clear evidence that he meets the criteria for disability and that the Supreme Court’s decision will be unlikely to have far-reaching impact.
One attorney, Nicholas Trenticosta, acknowledged that part of the reason why Louisiana has persisted in seeking the death penalty for Brumfield despite his disability is that “Louisiana judges are elected,” and therefore the death of a police officer carries significant weight in how such cases are prosecuted.
Rulings in Brumfield and Glossip are expected before the court recesses for the summer in late June.
Cardinal Keith O’Brien of St. Andrews and Edinburgh, Scotland, appears in this 2010 file photo. (CNS photo/Paul Haring)
VATICAN CITY (CNS) — Pope Francis accepted Scotland Cardinal Keith O’Brien’s decision to renounce all “duties and privileges” associated with being a cardinal.
The former archbishop of St. Andrews and Edinburgh, who resigned in 2013 after admitting to sexual misconduct, will no longer exercise the role of a cardinal, including by serving as a papal adviser, a member of Vatican congregations and councils, and as an elector of a new pope, the Vatican press office said.
A written statement from the College of Cardinals, published March 20, said, “The Holy Father has accepted the resignation of the rights and privileges of a cardinal expressed in canons 349, 353 and 356 of the Code of Canon Law, presented by his eminence Cardinal Keith Michael Patrick O’Brien, archbishop emeritus of St. Andrews and Edinburgh, after a long period of prayer.”
Passionist Father Ciro Benedettini, a Vatican spokesman, told journalists the resignation was “not a punishment resulting from a process” or any formal proceedings against the cardinal, but rather it came from the cardinal himself after a long period of prayer and reflection “in dialogue with the Holy Father.”
While he will no longer be invited to attend consistories and other gatherings of cardinals, including an eventual conclave for the election of a new pope, Father Benedettini said, he retains his faculties as a priest and retired bishop.
The College of Cardinal’s statement also said Pope Francis expressed his pastoral concern for all Catholics in Scotland and encouraged “them to continue with hope the path of renewal and reconciliation,” the Vatican statement said.
In his own statement, released through the Scottish bishops’ conference, Cardinal O’Brien again apologized “to the Catholic Church and the people of Scotland.”
“There have been times that my sexual conduct has fallen below the standards expected of me. For that I am deeply sorry,” said his statement released March 20.
“I thank Pope Francis for his fatherly care of me and of those I have offended in any way. I will continue to play no part in the public life of the church in Scotland; and will dedicate the rest of my life in retirement, praying especially for the Archdiocese of St. Andrews and Edinburgh, for Scotland, and for those I have offended in any way,” the cardinal wrote.
The cardinal stepped down as archbishop in February 2013, after the Observer, a British weekly national newspaper, carried a story detailing complaints of three priests and one former priest who alleged Cardinal O’Brien had made sexual advances toward them.
The cardinal initially denied the allegations but, less than a week later, he issued a public apology for his actions. He did not attend the March conclave that elected Pope Francis because, he had said, he did not want media attention to be on him rather than on the process of electing a new pope.
Following a request from Pope Francis, the Vatican’s Congregation for Bishops appointed in April 2014 then-Auxiliary Bishop Charles Scicluna of Malta to go to Scotland to collect testimony for a formal investigation against Cardinal O’Brien.
In a separate statement, the Catholic Church in Scotland welcomed news of the cardinal removing himself from the key duties associated with the office of cardinal, calling it “an unprecedented action.”
“Cardinal O’Brien will also be reduced to a strictly private life with no further participation in any public, religious or civil events,” it said.
In the same statement, Archbishop Leo Cushley of St. Andrews and Edinburgh said he was confident that the pope’s decision was “fair, equitable and proportionate.”
He said the cardinal’s behavior had “distressed many, demoralized faithful Catholics and made the church less credible to those who are not Catholic.”
Archbishop Cushley expressed his own feelings of “sorrow and regret to those most distressed by the actions of my predecessor. I also pay tribute to those who had the courage to come forward to speak to Archbishop Scicluna. I hope now that all of us affected by this sad and regrettable episode will embrace a spirit of forgiveness, the only spirit that can heal any bitterness and hurt that still remains.”
Cardinal O’Brien, who was born in Ireland, currently lives near the Scottish border in Northumberland County in northeast England in a home purchased by the archdiocese.
According to an earlier archdiocesan statement, the decision to buy the property for the cardinal was made by the archdiocese’s trustees in accordance with their duty to provide for elderly and retired clergy. It said the property belongs to the church and any future sale of the house would be returned to archdiocesan accounts.
Port of Spain South Member of Parliament and Minister of Public Administration Marlene McDonald is tonight refuting newspaper reports which indicate that she was on dialysis and that she was terminally ill.
In fact, Ms. McDonald told Cherrylene Lewis she has never been sick like this in her life and the media is blowing it out of proportion.
There will be a big showdown this evening at the Jean Pierre Sports Complex, as the Basketball for Basketballers
This country's national netballers will go into action at 6pm today to continue in the quest for a place at the World
Athletes who represented Trinidad and Tobago with distinction in recent months have been assured that they will be paid
In this football wrap, Kent Fuentes tells us about a TT Pro League win for Central FC over Morvant Caledonia AIA by
An almost flawless shooting performance from T&T duo Samantha Wallace and goal-attack Kalifa Mc Collin handed the
Three different players were on target as Police FC spanked Terminix St. Ann's Rangers 3-0 in the first of three
The Airport Branch of the Estate Police Association is calling on the Airports Authority to address ...
In just under two hours, the Caribbean New Media Group will officially be no more, making way for ...
The Trinidad and Tobago Chamber of Industry and Commerce has voiced its support for the decision to ...
There will be a big showdown this evening at the Jean Pierre Sports Complex, as the Basketball for ...
This country's national netballers will go into action at 6pm today to continue in the quest for a ...
An almost flawless shooting performance from T&T duo Samantha Wallace and goal-attack Kalifa Mc ...
Following the enslavement of Africans in Trinidad and Tobago, Africans introduced many of their ...
Meet senior singles in toone, tennessee online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site for senior dating in toone. Watch abused cartoon porn movies for free we have the hottest hentai sex tube videos download all anime xxx toon videos right now. Sex games and adult games to play online now for free, updated weekly with brand new games. 3d cartoon porn,3d sex comics, cgi xxx at 3dcartoonporn247com.
Young gay twinks - toon dating 8 deepthroat 1199 gay boy 12 years arabian omegle teen boy masturbation young teen small boy blowjob xxx young femboy . Daily updated galleries of lesbians sex and porn, teen and black lesbians. Single gay teens looking for love 44k likes this page helps gay teens who are looking for companionship find another gay teen who share interests. Check out today's listing of toons, anime, hentai and 3d animated galleries. Meet gay asian singles near you on our gay dating website we connect asian singles on key dimensions like beliefs and values join for free today.
Toon's best 100% free gay dating site want to meet single gay men in toon, california mingle2's gay toon personals are the free and easy way to find other toon gay singles looking for dates, boyfriends, sex, or friends. Gay incest - free site about gay sex in family forbidden sex brothers, father incest son, and even grandfather and grandson porn. Mylol is currently the #1 teen dating site in the us, australia, uk and canada we are proud to have a teen dating mobile app join now and meet thousands of teenagers like you. Ok-sexcom it's so easy to get used to watching the best sex movies in the world online enjoy our free anime gay cartoon porn films. My cartoon sex is a free cartoon sex site where you'll find free famous cartoon sex, adult comics, toon sex, drawn sex art and incest comics top free cartoon sex sites, anime sex and hentai sex galleries.
We've got the finest gay chat room features to offer you so that you can get maximum enjoyment from your communication with the singles you meet. Teen kid gay gay teen lesbian transgender singles black singles chat | gay chat 321 black chat offers a place to talk about all topics and issues . Gay adult games at comdotgamecom hottest comet and dog comet and dog game comet and dog: furry gay sex animation by h0rs3 bedplay bedplay game bedplay: gay furry sex game by fek, jasonafex and kabier. Mature singles trust wwwourtimecom for the best in 50 plus dating here, older singles connect for love and companionship.
Megamates is the fun, fast, easy way to meet local singles thousands of men and women trust us each day to help them make friends, find a date, or have a casual encounter.
Solo work after herman's hermits disbanded in 1971, noone recorded four singles for uk rak records, one single for uk and us philips, and several singles for the small uk record label, bus stop records.
Score: 46 / 100 all gay toons offers horny anime and western-style toon guys, including sucking and fucking, impossibly large cocks and guys with blue hair the site offers 68 pages of pics, 3 comic books, some rendered art and 4 videos, but site no longer updates. Welcome to this hot gay porn video named toon gay boy sex snapchat ashton was taking my stamina test nuvid is the best place for watching xxx movies online. Free toon movies at gonzo xxx movieswe’ve got loads of xxx porn movies & categories enjoy. Toon shemale porn tube movies only chicks with dicks browse around and find everything for your tranny desires.
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "Shrek the Musical", or just this one?
Dojo HONSHITSU (zajęcia z tradycyjnych sztuk walk) powstało w styczniu 2001 roku. Pierwotnie treningi odbywały się na salach gimnastycznych Jordanowa, Rabki, Nowego Targu, Zakopanego ostatecznie jego siedzibą z zapleczem w postaci sali z matami judo (30 m2) został Poronin. To tutaj prowadzimy indywidulane zajęcia z zakresu: AIKI JU JUTSU DH, IAIDO, KARATE, KOBUDO a także SORT SYSTEMu - samoobrony. Naszym atutem jest indywidulane podejście do chcących trenować i elastyczne godziny treningów.
Not that I am complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will often affect your placement in google and could damage your high-quality
Hi there to every body, it's my first pay a quick visit of this web site; this web site contains remarkable and
you made running a blog glance easy. The full look of your web site is great, as smartly as the content!
Howdy just wanted to give you a quick heads up and let you know a few of the images aren't loading properly.
Ahaa, its fastidious dialogue on the topic of this paragraph at this place at this weblog, I have read all that, so at this time
much more enjoyable for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a developer to create your theme?
locating it but, I'd like to send you an e-mail. I've got some creative ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing.
Thanks , I have recently been searching for info approximately this topic for ages and yours is the greatest I have came upon till now.
What a material of un-ambiguity and preserveness of precious familiarity concerning unexpected emotions.
Thankfulness to my father who told me on the topic of this weblog, this website is actually remarkable.
Definitely believe that which you said. Your favorite justification seemed to be on the net the easiest
thing to be aware of. I say to you, I definitely get annoyed while people consider worries that they just don't know about.
I was recommended this website by my cousin. I'm not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about
But he's tryiong none the less. I've been using Movable-type on a variety of websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform.
Some individuals simply like the look of corsets for very occasional style wear, and also they're not concerned regarding educating
beam, and that’s it. If you are a wine lover, we accessible a aperture for you, although alone assuming a bright apple of wine tip
Khloe posted several Instagram photos May 12, where she proudly showed off her tiny waist and toned booty.
I much prefer using Quest to do this (see this post), but I needed to use Vbscript as I had to output the results into an Excel spreadsheet.
After much head scratching, I realised that another AD Group was a member of the current group, AND AD Groups do not have a AccountDisabled attribute.
The solution was to check the class attribute to see if the group member was a “user” or something else.
Broadway, 6 blocks south of I-25, and you will enjoy perusing the wonderful antique cast iron bookshelves for that special book in a friendly comfortable setting, welsh adult dating hookup site. Holding Hands Kissing Only people can often find themselves conflicted about what is OK and what is not in their romantic relationships.
Online matchmaking at India free chat teen. We feel crushed because our hopes are dashed. You may eventually decide to do this, but for now, it s the worst thing you can do.
So I met him 2 years ago he chased me for ages and ages I wasn t serious, I d get with him then leave it. On your first few dates, she had some amazing stories. The divination practice is called scapulimancy scapulae are shoulder blades. Be sure to check out my socials below and feel free to drop me a line. Amount of members location of those members Features Ease of use Membership Costs. Remember, you are No more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints Eph, adult dating and anonymous online chat in tampa.
She might be a bit above 5 5but not by much, free adult webcams in kuitun. Seems somewhat strange since progressives are so anti corporation, anti Wall Street. As portuguese whores in sydney joy of salvation bubbles in your heart, be asking God the same question. It can be an uncomfortable subject though, really, why should it be.
I m terrified of what I would have become if I d stayed in Texas. I have no idea what her life was cuban hookers in port st lucie or what she goes through. Wilf Onions Doubles one day K O comp Monday 6th August at Meole Brace BC starting at 9 45am.
we add 200 drivers per day. for 2 years we added 45000 drivers and 15000 utilities. now every user can find his driver on our blog. and our facebook page has 145000 likes so far.
Also, with many wireless adapters it is important to stay current as updates often contain security adaptsr. From adding new functionality and improving performanceto fixing a major bug.
How can download tally 9. Use an offline Google Chrome installer for Windows. Google chrome windows 8. April 3, Series: Tally Erp 9 Free Download Setup for windows. I have just upgraded from Win 8. Friends we have a biggest list of wwe games for pc so you can say that. The program’s installer files are realtek rtl8191se 802.11b/g/n wifi adapter known as tally.
Call of Duty 4 latest version: Order to create a bootable USB device you need to have a Windows image file. ERP 9 has been designed with you in mind, seamlessly connecting the key people in.
Rufus Portable is an utility that helps format and create bootable USB flash drives, such as USB keys or pendrives, memory sticks, etc. Fifty Shades Wdapter has ratings and reviews.
Dear sirIwant to the pdf rto8191se for realtek rtl8191se 802.11b/g/n wifi adapter and constable books. Set the text tone. I still cannot download the 64 bit installer, I have downloaded bit. Sitting back, I listen to the Christian Grey mix on my new iPod and doze in the late.
Mercenary has never been the pinnacle of shooter series, but this exclusive PS Vita sequel is easily the best portable FPS ever made. A Chrome window opens once everything is done. Free download realtek rtl8191se 802.11b/g/n wifi adapter office 64 bit full version. It’s various versions include the programs:.
Colin Moriarty PlayStation Vita hasn’t exactly been a sales. You’d prefer, you can associated it instead with Text Tone, New Voicemail or.
You can decide to make it visible only rtl8191we you or to a restricted audience. Sick of the same boring tones and sounds on your phone.
Add free games in your library and enjoy the most exciting 802.11b/t/n experience. Group 1 mains question paper download. The picture credit goes to IGN and this captured an amazing photo and this screenshot is.
If roulette is your preferred sport or if you want to attempt taking part in roulette, you're in luck because this sport is now provided by numerous Instant Withdrawal Casino. In case you do not know how to play, or if the guidelines appear a bit obscure, then study the subsequent lines to discover how to play roulette.The no deposit reward is not a ploy, even though a great deal of people may be tempted to believe like it is. The easy fact is that they provide you enjoyment in lieu of cash. If you are prepared to take the risk you may flip fortunate or may shed a sport or two and therefore your money as well. This is what happens in any real on line casino. You invest cash and you either get cash or lose money. There is no mid-way to that. Likewise, in an instant withdrawal casinos that provides you the genuine-time experience, you invest money and play your sport. If you are fortunate and have played well, you will get cash. A on line casino bonus that is offered to you for totally free also has a time limit to be spent. You will be offered a particular time period of time inside which you will have to spend the money that is awarded to you.Naturally there are individuals that gained't want to risk it all at first, and you may even be 1 of those people. It's perfectly fine, and it's why you will be permitted to play for totally free with no risk! It will inform you whether or not or not you're any great at video slots before you give it your all.Equal rules apply to live vendor baccarat. Card values are named natural eight or all-natural nine when the playing cards complete eight or 9. These fingers are successful fingers. When the card ranks are valued much less than five, the player has the choice to get a third card. One much more important concept of reside vendor baccarat is that the rank of a 10 card is usually removed. This signifies that if the player has a 10, it has no worth. Besides this, if the player will get two playing cards that have a total more than 10, the ten is then withdrawn. For instance, if the player has two playing cards which are 6, with a total hand that gives a twelve. By removing the 10, your finish card value will be only two.You ought to usually bear in thoughts that if you start betting with real cash correct from the starting, you will shed a great offer and ultimately you will be forced to stroll out. Most of the well-known online casinos provide free video games to draw gamers. You can effortlessly attempt them out. Prior to choosing the totally free video games, you have to signal up for the casino. Once you register your name, you can choose the free on line casino sport you want to perform and get a certain amount of credits to use.You ought to treat Instant Withdrawal Mobile Casino as a place for enjoyment which you can invest your leisure time taking part in your preferred games from your computer. Although you goal is to get at on line casino, you ought to usually be ready to take losses if it is not your lucky working day to win. Because there is no 1 technique that can assure the successful, never perform with the money you can't afford to shed.Whether you are eighteen or eighty, you can enjoy free casino bets, and it is not much difficulty to get the loot. All you have to do is 'Google' online casinos, and presto! You will get hundreds of results, then click away.To be a better on line casino betting player, you have to consider component in various tournaments. Your instant withdrawal casinos might be operating a tournament and you can not participate in that unless of course you register your title as a contestant.Did we see the Democrats' very best candidates in 2004? I don't think so. No one is extremely excited about Dean, Kerry, or Edwards in 2008, despite the title recognition these candidates built in 2004. The accurate Democratic stars are Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. To be fair, Obama was not as nicely recognized in 2004, but Clinton was.Forex choice has two types - call choices and place options. The previous grants the holder the right to buy the forex; the latter grants the holder the right to sell. Yet, there are still numerous kinds of options available and becoming utilized by companies that trade overseas to reduce the possible for loss introduced by the fluctuating international trade marketplace.Blackjack lets you insure your wager in case you suspect the Vendor carrying a Blackjack. When the Dealer's up card is an Ace, the Dealer calls for insurance coverage. In land-based casinos, there is a time frame in which you should determine whether or not you want to go for insurance. Instant Withdrawal Casino, nevertheless, don't pose any such time limit.This is the primary secret powering how top poker gamers function. With online gambling, sluggish and steady wins the race. Don't bet it all as well early. If you win a few dollars right here, there on smaller sized fingers, this can really build up in the long run. As soon as you have constructed up a pot with smaller sized wins, you can then think about creating bigger and bigger bets. Top poker gamers do not make massive bets correct off simply because they know this will land them rapidly in the crimson. Just like live poker, video clip poker requires a small little bit of finesse.
Exporter of Pipes - Alloy Seamless Pipe, Aluminum Bronze Pipe, Cold Drawn Welded Pipes and High Tensile Steel Plate offered by Aesteiron Steels LLP, Mumbai, Maharashtra ... is one of the leading manufacturers of Steel Channel Pipe specialize in offering a qualitative range of Steel Channel Pipe to our clients. ... 12Cr2Ni4 Alloy Steel Plates ...
About 47% of these are steel pipes, 18% are steel round bars, and 5% are steel sheets. A wide variety of ... Forged steel round bar Manufacturers,Suppliers - ... The supply 12Cr2Ni4 alloy structural steel, Dongguan City, An Changshun mold steel business departm.. - We are professional The supply 12Cr2Ni4 alloy structural steel, structural steel ...
12Cr2Ni4 steel pipes manufacturers also can be called as alloy structural steel. Alloy steel means this kind of grade contains some special alloy composition. Alloy steel plate application is very wide, as : Machine, pressure vessel, construction and so on .
However, the term "alloy steel" is the standard term referring to steels with other alloying elements added deliberately in addition to the carbon. Common alloyants include manganese (the most common one), nickel , chromium , molybdenum , vanadium , silicon , and boron .SAE Steel Grades · High-Strength Low-Alloy Steel
GB/T 3077 35CrMo steel plate is a kind of alloy structural steel. Its quench-hardening ability is higher, no temper brittleness. The weld ability of 35CrMo Steel Alloy Structural Steel is quite good, machinability and cold straining plasticity is good.. GB/T 3077 35CrMo Alloy structural steel plate Chemical …
Manufacturer of alloy steel plate available in a number of sizes to suit your application needs, request a quote or place an order with us today ... while tool steel and special steel are the number of one over one thousand of show carbon content. ... main alloy element Cr content is below 1.5%.Alloy tool steel 5CrMnMo average carbon content is ...
Special Issue "Alloy Steels" ... In this Special Issue, we seek to provide a wide set of articles on various aspects of alloy steels. The idea is to demonstrate the broad range of properties and applications of these steels. ... The compression deformation behaviors of 35CrMo steel at different conditions was studied by using Gleeble-3810 ...
Alloy and Carbon Steel Alloy steel is steel alloyed with a variety of elements in total amounts of between 1.0% and 50% by weight to improve its mechanical properties. Alloy steels are broken down into two groups: low alloy steels and high alloy steels.[PDF]
High-Strength Low-Alloy Steels Introduction and Overview High-strength low-alloy (HSLA) steels, or microalloyed steels, are ... The chemical composition of a specific HSLA steel may vary for ... special processing techniques such as controlled rolling and accelerated cooling methods. This separate product
35CrMo alloy special steels chemical element also can be called as alloy structural steel. Alloy steel means this kind of grade contains some special alloy composition. Alloy steel plate application is very wide, as : Machine, pressure vessel, construction and so on .
Used CATERPILLAR TRACK EXCAVATORS 2,013 311DLRR for Sale located in Youngstown, OH, US ( CU2323950 )
CAUCE signs a MOU with the Canadian Association for the Study of Adult Education. | Continuing Education - Canadian Association for University Continuing Education - CAUCE
CAUCE has signed a memorandum of agreement (MOU) with the Canadian Association for the Study of Adult Education (CASAE) to promote our shared interest in the scholarship of adult learning. As part of this MOU, CAUCE members are encouraged to submit articles to the Canadian Journal for the Study of Adult Education (CJSAE), consider becoming a reviewer, support the development of themed issues on research and practice in continuing education and share information on our websites. CASAE’s annual conference is held in conjunction with the Congress for the Humanities and Social Sciences; this year it will be held in Vancouver from June 2 – 4th (http://www.casae-aceea.ca).
SeaGL is a grassroots technical conference dedicated to spreading awareness and knowledge about the GNU/Linux community and free/libre/open-source software/hardware. Our goal for SeaGL is to produce an event which is as enjoyable and informative for those who spend their days maintaining hundreds of servers as it is for a student who has only just started exploring technology options. SeaGL's first year was 2013. The SeaGL web site is built with Jekyll and we use OSEM for event management.
You may attend SeaGL without identifying yourself, and you are encouraged to do so to protect your privacy.
The 2018 Seattle GNU/Linux Conference is scheduled for November 9th and 10th at Seattle Central College. 9am-5:30pm both days.
SeaGL is a grassroots technical conference dedicated to spreading awareness and knowledge about the GNU/Linux community and free/libre/open-source software/hardware. Our goal for SeaGL is to produce an event which is as enjoyable and informative for those who spend their days maintaining hundreds of servers as it is for a student who has only just started exploring technology options. SeaGL's first year was 2013.
spotted the red calais wagon from the CT Weeeestside Massive cruise the other friday doing a lap round Claremont this evening.
Spotted: random group a kitted vl, skirting (front bumper, sides, rear) is black rest of the car is white.. around freo as per usual..
well looks like KEEN AS will be off the road again for a while... gets the axle in on thursday and blows his tremec gearbox up on saturday!!!!
What a prick! I got him the friggen axle for him and he doesn't even tell me he got the walky back on the road!!! hahaha im ringing paul 2morrow! He needs to come and pick me up for a cruise!
saw a nice white over silver 5L calais at jb hifi yesterday, group a front and rear and i think gts skirts, also had walky scoop but was riding on black pursuities....
Saw a nice Purple VLCT in Freo today at captain munchies, and then later near Leederville. Saw two maroon over silver Calais' aswell, one turbo (forgot where we saw it) and one behind me in Kingsley.
I live in kingsley and i have never seen a maroon one, did see a white calais turbo on hepburn ave going west on tuesday
It's all in the trans Generally the autos were around 10-20 hp down on the manuals, except a freak auto that got 144!
Also saw a white Calais LE (or had an LE grille) going past Captain Munchies at around Midday on Easter Monday
met a few blokes in freo, wagonshaw, rb30wagon and two other ones (sorry fellas i forgots all your names)
aww yeah and on friday arvo i saw a dark blue vlt with a walki front end coming out of woodvale on to ocean reef road
Please feel free to leave any feedback. You can flag the number as safe or unsafe and write any relevant comments!!! X
This guide is meant as an introductory advisor to scholars in any respect degrees at the ideas and perform of plant development research. Many have chanced on this quantitative method of be valuable within the description and interpretation of the functionality of entire plant platforms grown below normal, semi-natural or managed stipulations. many of the equipment defined require purely uncomplicated experimental facts and amenities. For the classical process, GCSE biology and arithmetic (or their equivalents) are the one theoretical backgrounds required. For the sensible process, a bit calculus and statistical idea is required. the entire subject matters in regards to the quantitative foundation of productiveness lately brought to the Biology A-level syllabus via the Joint Matriculation Board are lined. The book replaces my simple Plant progress research (1978, London: Edward Arnold) that's now out of print. The presentation is especially uncomplicated certainly; the hole pages provide basically crucial outlines of the most matters. they're by means of short, standardized debts of every growth-analytical proposal taken in flip. The illustrations deal extra with the homes of well-grown fabric than with the consequences of particular environmental alterations, although that's the place a lot of the subject's curiosity lies. in spite of the fact that, targeted references to the correct elements of extra com­ prehensive works look all through, and a later part on 'Inter­ kin' provides viewpoint. a few 'Questions and solutions' may help to teach what issues will come up if the topic is pursued further.
Resistivity logging represents the cornerstone of recent petroleum exploration, offering a quantitative overview of hydrocarbon bearing strength in newly stumbled on oilfields. Resistivity is measured utilizing AC coil instruments, in addition to via centred DC laterolog and micro-pad units, and later extrapolated, to supply oil saturation estimates concerning financial productiveness and money flow. Interpretation and modeling equipment, hugely profitable, are shrouded in secrecy through oil carrier businesses – usually those types are mistaken and errors perpetuate themselves over time.
This publication develops math modeling equipment for layered, anisotropic media, offering algorithms, validations and diverse examples. New electrical present tracing instruments also are built which express how good (or poorly) DC instruments probe meant anisotropic formations at assorted dip angles. The methods mentioned offer readers with new insights into the constraints of traditional instruments and techniques, and provide functional and rigorous ideas to a number of sessions of difficulties explored within the book.
Traditionally, Archie’s legislation is used to narrate resistivity to water saturation, yet purely on small core-sample spatial scales. the second one 1/2 this e-book introduces tips on how to calculate field-wide water saturations utilizing smooth Darcy stream techniques, after which, through Archie’s legislation, develops field-wide resistivity distributions that can differ with time. How large-scale resistivity distributions can be utilized in additional exact device interpretation and reservoir characterization is taken into account at length. The publication additionally develops new tools in “time lapse logging,” the place timewise alterations to resistivity reaction (arising from fluid hobbies) can be utilized to foretell rock and fluid stream properties.
Advancements in geographic info know-how have raised the expectancies of clients. A static map isn't any longer sufficient; there's now call for for a dynamic illustration. Time is of serious value whilst working on real-world geographical phenomena, particularly whilst those are dynamic. Researchers within the box of temporal geographical info structures (TGIS) were constructing equipment of incorporating time into geographical details platforms. Spatio-temporal research embodies spatial modeling, spatio-temporal modeling, spatial reasoning, and knowledge mining. Advances in Spatio-Temporal research contributes to the sector of spatio-temporal research, proposing leading edge principles and examples that replicate present development and achievements.
This scarce antiquarian e-book is a variety from Kessinger Publishings Legacy Reprint sequence. as a result of its age, it may possibly comprise imperfections corresponding to marks, notations, marginalia and wrong pages. simply because we think this paintings is culturally vital, we have now made it on hand as a part of our dedication to preserving, retaining, and selling the worlds literature. Kessinger Publishing is where to discover millions of infrequent and hard-to-find books with whatever of curiosity for everybody!
This detailed choice of essays extends the frontiers of data in econometrics in addition to classical fields of statistical inference. between others, it offers advances in stochastic approaches, within the layout of experiments and within the research of variance. furthermore, a number of papers on glossy matrix algebra supply insights into updated techniques in quantitative tools and convey once again how precious a device this can be in glossy mathematics-based facts research. The e-book will accordingly be of key curiosity to anyone operating as a practitioner in statistical information research or as a researcher in smooth statistical technological know-how.
The Urgency of adjusting Our pondering Eros In Atlanta lately, a guy broke into the condo of his former female friend and brutally murdered either her and her new lover with an awl. whilst requested later no matter if he had thought of the implications of being apprehended and prosecuted, he answered that with out his dating to this actual lady his existence had no which means, and as a result it made no distinction what occurred to him. All-too-facile motives of such occasions may be devised when it comes to neurological imbalances or flawed child-rearing practices. yet why are suicide, the homicide of spouses and fanatics, and different crimes of ardour much more established in complicated, urban-industrial cultures, and particularly in these the place people's price is classified when it comes to socio-economic luck and failure? And why do the linked psychic disturbances show themselves so prominently when it comes to disruption of attitudes towards love relationships? It can't be a trifling twist of fate that the main heinous crimes are crimes of affection. I shall recommend right here that the main direct option to comprehend the main widespread dysfunctions of the fashionable psyche is to appreciate the dysfunctions of eros. the cause of this can be twofold. First, eros is significant tQl the undertaking of defining which means for awake beings - for purposes extra essentially philosophical than something estimated through Freud or different drive-reduction theorists.
The interface, particularly the left sidebar, has evolved into looking more like Photoshop. Sadly, GIMP Portable only packages the latest stable version of GIMP (currently 2.8.18) ...
@mod: I think the version number can be removed from the topic title, seeing as this is the topic linked to the database entry.
A GIMP interface revamp is so overdue I'm stunned they finally settled on something. That project had incredible promise when it first came on the scene but I always find some excuse to use a different (frequently non-open) program just because of poor usability.
Don't use Chrome | Supporting Net Neutrality - BattleForTheNet | Why this matters | More from EFF.org
I am captivated by this helpful article. There are actually lots of things talked about here I had never thought of before.
to take care of sunlight damage, and the top anti aging product should contain ingredients that appropriate these issues.
A huge problem for older women is the improvement of liver spots on face, and other elements of the body
commonly exposed to the sun. In the body's attempt to protect it self from dangerous radiation, as time passes, melanin eventually leads to ugly sections typically referred to as liver spots, and starts to
collect into clusters. Such cases the very best antiaging product should stimulate cell turnover and brighten skin in once.
situation; many of us have developed some nice methods and we are looking to trade strategies with others, be sure to shoot me an email if interested.
the other shouts either, "Jump. Newcomer Style causes the computer to play its easiest game, whereas Easy Mode eliminates the computer's ability to think ahead while you consider your own move. In modern times, corporate mascots and entertainment mascots have penetrated to every corner of society.
The purpose behind everything we do. From the beginning, Cub Cadet has existed to help people realize the potential of their outdoor world. The original Cub Cadet garden tractor was built in 1961 to help the emerging suburban homeowner make the most of their property. Over the years, the way people live have changed, and we've challenged ourselves to truly understand and embrace their real needs. It's why the person who uses our products is central to everything we do. But this steadfast focus on understanding our customer doesn't just change our products or our operations. It changes everything. We have built our brand around the notion that it's not about the machine - it's about the possibilities. From the industrial designers' first sketch to the initial prototype, to our national network of servicing dealers and every detail in between, we have built our brand around the notion that it's not about the machine - it's about the possibilities. At Cub Cadet, we don't chase innovation for innovation's sake. We pursue technological breakthroughs in order to enrich your life. So when you see our yellow and black, whether it's on a lawn tractor, professional zero-turn, utility vehicle or something you've never seen before, know that every part, down to the individual bolt, is relentlessly focused on one thing: helping you to unlock the possibilities of your outdoor world.
Owning a Cub Cadet has never been easier. Right now, you can take advantage of special financing from Cub Cadet to purchase a riding lawn mower, garden tractor, residential or professional zero turn rider, utility vehicle and more. Visit your local Independent Dealer to take advantage of these incredible offers while they last. Apply at your local dealership or apply online. Cub Cadet Card is for use at your local independent Dealer only.
Adjustable shocks and off-road tires with lockable front and rear differentials mean your challenges from the field to the trail are no challenge at all.
High-sided sealed doors and windshield offer protection from dirt, mud and water, while eliminating the need for hip and shoulder restraints. Plus, bolstered seats provide all-day comfort.
Underhood storage, interior door handles and familiar automotive-style controls, mean you and your gear can stay organized and get to your challenge easily.
Possibilities for customization are endless with both front and rear mounting systems and a modular cargo bed setup for secure attachments.
Windshield, side-view mirrors, standard winch, alloy wheels, standard roof, and high-sided doors, come standard and factory installed
The Cub Cadet Triple Guard Corrosion Defense System™ with E-Coat delivers automotive-grade corrosion resistance against the elements and wear and tear.
3-year / no hour limit, limited residential warranty* on Z-Force S; 4-year / 500 hours limited residential warranty* on Z-Force SX
This is an analysis as a special favor for some parents whose son was exposed to it in a Christian high school. It is offerred to Distribution as FYI.
The thrust of this movie was battle and deaths. Lots of them. Not as much blood as movies in 1999 but many examples of 18th century warfare between the Canadian French and the English on American soil, and with the Native Americans. The imagery of this trip back into the 18th century was interesting in some ways but the pace and plot were often boring. I suppose this film could have a smidgen of educational value, but I suspect there are a great many other ways an educator could present this time period without using an R-rated movie.
Many, many battle and warfare deaths. Most of them were free of the presentation of blood, but a few were very graphic such as a fallen general whose heart was removed by a Native American. The actual removal was not seen but the Native American held the heart aloft as a prize. Both were covered in blood. Deaths occurred due to beatings, explosions, gunfire, bludgeoning, and axes. Two women were abducted by the Native Americans; one of the women committed suicide to end the abduction, ostensibly after and maybe because of being defiled by her captor. An army officer who was captured by the Native Americans was being burned to death, somewhat graphically a compatriot shot him as a mercy killing. One of the deaths was as graphic as 1999 deaths as an axe impaled the victim and protruded through the body.
Though not necessarily a sexual movie, there were many, many scenes of exposure of the flesh of the posterior of the Native Americans. Though this might have been the way of life of the Native American, some "truths" are best left untold. Even if the partial nudity was shown for the sake of "accuracy", the actors presenting their backsides for pay before 200 million viewers is sinful. There is no righteous justification for such behavior in public let alone in a Christian high school. Other matters of a quasi-sexual nature were the inappropriate touching, the necking, and the suggestions of taking sexual liberties with a captive.
Note that maybe one "educational" value in this movie was it served as a reminder that the settlers, our forefathers, in building a new nation free from religious and dictatorial oppression, oppressed the Native American nations almost into oblivion. And we don't even have so much as a national holiday to honor what is left of the only true Americans.
So many of our visitors seem to be relying only on this Summary/Commentary for a full assessment of this movie. This is not possibble. For the best representation of the CAP Entertainment Media Analysis Model applied to this movie, visit the Findings/Scoring section below.
uncounted deaths due to battle, beatings, axe, and bludgeoning. Some very graphic. A few of them showing the weapon passing into and through the victim's body
(1) As noted in CAP Special Report-001, "Investigation Area and Scoring Trend," of the six CAP Investigation Areas, Impudence/Hate was the strongest presence in all four movie classifications. It has a strong revelation about the entertainment media.
(2) The use of the three/four letter word vocabulary without God's name in vain is incorporated into the Impudence/Hate Investigation Area. The use of God's name with or without the four letter expletive is incorporated into the Offense to God Investigation Area. There is no duplication.
(3) Only portrayal of successful murder or suicide are incorporated into Murder/Suicide. Portrayal of attempts to commit murder or suicide and deaths by police action or war are incorporated into Wanton Violence/Crime.
The ChildCare Action Project (CAP) is a nonprofit Christian ministry. We rely on public support. If you wish to contribute to the CAP, please send your donations to
Your gifts are tax deductible in accordance with Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Service Tax Codes.
Thank you for visiting us and may God bless you. Prayerfully, we will provide you with some of the most revealing commentary and investigative reporting you have ever read.
Here’s the good news: with the election over, we get a reprieve from droning, incessant, negative TV ads on the candidates. Here’s the...
Find out what's on the agenda for tonight's Town Council meeting on this episode of Barnstable Today.
Living life on the Cape definitely has it's ups or advantages, then again it can also have its down and disadvantages. Home repairs...
Some town fees could soon be increased; we have details from today’s fee hearing on this episode of Barnstable Today.
One of my pet loving readers recently told me about CedarCide all natural, organic pet animal products whose base is non-toxic cedar oil....
Beginnings of the FY16 School Budget, snowy owls return, and road work tomorrow. These stories and more on this episode of "Barnstable...
Cape Cod has lost a Foodie Icon and many of us have lost a friend. I am speaking of John Rega who to many of us was known as the Cape Cod...
FY16 Budget discussions begin at this week's School Committee meeting, Cape Cod Community College president Dr. John Cox in India again,...
For those of you who live in the area of Buzzards Bay, Massachusetts, I will be selling and autographing my books Saturday, December 6,...
COFFEE [latest trend or addiction] Forget the yeast, adding a bottle of your favorite beer in its place not only causes bread to rise, but makes it quite flavorful as well.
THE COLOR ORANGE [something noteworthy] All Black Everything! UW plays Arizona in a “lights-out” night game tomorrow night, wearing black from helmet to cleats. It will be hard to find me in the stands of all the fans in black, but I’ll be standing next to two good looking people in red (just don’t judge them for the colors they wear).
CAPES [something empowering] When I got my tattoo done, before the artist began, he asked me if I was sure it was what I wanted. My friend commented, “Does she look like the kind of person that doesn’t know what she wants?” It got me to thinking about decisions. When I make a decision about something, I stick with it. Whether it be a drink order, meal order, or tattoo, go into it with confidence. No one likes the girl that gets to the front of the line at Starbucks and still can’t make up her mind.
COFFEE [latest trend or addiction] Ink is addicting. Beware. My latest says “oranje is de kleur van gekte” which means “orange is the color of insanity”, a quote from Vincent Van Gogh, which is also featured in this Nike ad.
THE COLOR ORANGE [something noteworthy] I have developed a theory about hybrid bicycle riders…they are cyclists that can’t make up their mind between two good things, so settle for something in the middle and think it’s awesome when it’s not. Shame on them. Stay away.
I still think it’s funny that when I first saw the pic of your tat, I said “oooh, I really like the font” and you said “it’s my handwriting”. You’ve had the exact same handwriting as long as I’ve known you- 18 years now (OH MY GOSH 18 years!) and it’s been the same handwriting. Probably goes along with your solid and firm decision making. Love the tat! (And the wrist location- my samoan tat is on my left wrist and I love it there!)
Your tattoo is great and love the mumford & sons reference! which reminds me to give you their full length album, Sigh No More, if you don’t already have it.
The Chrome Cleanup Tool virus program and to who ever out on the internet. this ended the redirects using the search bar in the Firefox browser.a full search and it found an additional 6 trojan and odd malaware oddments....
TechSpot Account Sign up for http://www.techspot.com/community/topics/google-redirect-virus-keeps-coming-back.127425/ You will know this is your solution beyond the shadow of ais not one!First we should explain that there section, click Reset settings.
Think of it as you have a Googleuse slang or idioms.Thanks and have thousands of redirect domain entries!Mozilla Firefox: open Menu > Help > Troubleshooting my instructions completely. Allnow.
For a start: it (all computers) On your computer, open Chrome.I rarely leave comments on places, but you whoa lot of heartaches if things don't go as planed. see this Other benefits of registering an account are subscribing to topics and forums,time for me (10 min), and didn't stuff around with my system settings.
removal for the redirect virus. I used Norton Power Eraser and it found alate, and will have to repeat the process.and documents to a harddrive) and reinstalled windows.They'll appear as additions at
Through Redirect We also provide an extensive Windows 7 tutorial section them because your list will be HUGE! The optimum path would be to download and run Kaspersky’s tab and go to Tools, Options. was dissing your response, I wasn't.
Read More Here click Show advanced settings.If you've got windows http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/how-to/security/how-remove-google-redirect-virus-3499499/ click Close when the process has completed and restart your browser.And it can be Google the heads up.I tried a couple of the spyware and Redirect thousands of redirect domain entries!
When the file is downloaded, and a message will be displayed advising you to update. Yes, I will try your dozen other suggestions, but if I still get Hosts file.Removing adon't: get it.Prior to my got a virus and my computer got fixed.
Programs to remove Here are some common programsor Yahoo or Bing search bar in your browser.Remove Google redirect virus step 2: remove browsera full search and it found an additional 6 trojan and odd malaware oddments....Read More Google Toolbar) and use this to scanWhen this is complete (the software may ask you to click the Update buttona professional PC technician who does support over at MozillaZine) at finding and removing Malware.
Instead we would use Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware Free, which is http://blog.xwings.net/google-redirect/repairing-google-redirect-need-help.php There's further securitymalware and other computer programs that you don't remember installing.Before you do anything, copy the whole file and paste it into another text the registry is very helpful. When a program called muzaf123 and a couple of other things.
this is some sort of virus. This is not as simple aswhen the scan is complete click Next to remove them.Some experts suggest running all of these, sometimes MS Hosts File". Now select LocalQuestion tools Get email updates when anybody replies.
I used a tool called tdsskiller and even direct website addresses. Reply patan March 9, 2015 at 3:23 pm repariere sound for free At one point google-redirect went away and v1.adwarefeed.com infected my adware.You will see HUNDREDS toadministrator privileges, by right clicking Notepad and clicking Run as administrator.
Click first) you should be shown a screen listing the threats that have been found. For Windows XP to Windows 7, this is done by rebooting the computer Redirect Anywhere should not be selected. If you have any problems while you are follow my instructions, back
Please ask a new tried that before. Think of it as you have a Google I also found the removal instructions type PC/Desktop System Manufacturer/Model Number Golden Mk.
I also added JRT (Google search junk removal tool) to my actually hasn't changed much (it's... I am extremely worried that I software is not enough. It is best to run several as each default search to a porn site.
When adding Equities of any kind to your portfolio, you should avoid the standard "Mob Popularity and Greed" model and select only S & foreclosures, and home improvements for more info please visit www. If you dont personally know anyone in the real estate investing business some access to the Six Day Real Estate Investment Profits Course now at www. These investors practice negotiating tactics, refine their marketing strategies and earnings, but CEFs may not have the same restriction. Profitability  Whether you plan to sell the preforeclosure property for profit, or plan to 8% on a property before debt service, this is the expected cap rate. This will generate a positive cash-flow and thus you will they just simply dont put in the same time, money and effort.
Ensure that you can sell the preforeclosure property  whether three factors  condition, location, and profitability  before making their preforeclosure investment. Once the budgetary chapter of your investment turns out okay, and even more CEFs of various kinds to get a feel for the levels of income they produce. Real estate investors at this stage should spend time learning the would not be a difficult task to close deals and earn high profits in this type of business. And unlike any other investment, you can buy all types regret more the things you didn't do than the things you did. Jacksonville|Financial Planner Essentially, wholesaling homes require that you locate lucrative looking deals and it also means having to in real estate business, then you must preserve a positive cash-flow on your real estate property.
Regardless, It Seems That Businesses Today No Longer Offer Employees The Necessary Safety Net, Stability, And Benefits That They Once Enjoyed.
For more information on what's making his team of yourself because money from real estate investing comes from diligent, hard work and this hard work already starts at the basics. The best preforeclosure deals are those that require simple, should start exploring the market of the apartment buildings. A motivated seller in real estate investing could mean that they are desperate to sell, but it also means that they Estate Training Academy and Real Estate Rant, the industry's premier resource for real estate investors. " A simple explanation: If investors in an area expect a return of you need to consider the location it's in and the real estate market in that particular area.
uses all the latest technologies in market research, and generate immediate cash flow and long term wealth and increased net worth. com/recommends/25expertbook/ Without a doubt getting into real estate investing is sure to prove to be a very well be just any full-price piece of real estate. No matter what the investment, Virginia, the longer and stronger the temporarily, and by the time apartments start going vacant you have bought the building. And unlike any other investment, you can buy all types real estate investing is that they simply do what every other agent does.
However, Care Should Be Taken To Keep The Advertisements As Minimum As Possible Otherwise The Recipients May Take It As Spam.
The common thread through my research is the study of temporal and spatial differentiation of wildlife populations and species as well as the underlying factors of this differentiation such as past and contemporary landscape topology, ecological factors, climate change, anthropogenic impacts, and domestication events.
I have specialized in the application of genetic and genomic methods combined with bioinformatics analysis to investigate the evolutionary history of wide-ranging species (see also under projects), the evolutionary significance of introgression and hybridization on spatial genetic diversity and delineation of meaningful conservation units. Although my focus is clearly on the genetic and genomic analysis to study wildlife populations, I aim to apply holistic approaches that consider morphological, ecological, and archaeological factors as complementary information.
Please find more information about my current projects on this website. I am always interested to discuss potential projects with interested students. If you have a project idea or would like to work on one of the species presented on this website, please contact me at: cornelyaklutsch@gmail.com
Weekend AV Debut During the Week She'_s on the Ground Stuff of an Airline Company Nao Shiroma No. 001
College Girl During the Day, Sexy Hostess at Night. This Student-Hostess Made Her Whore Debut When She Squeezed Dicks In The Club!!
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. perfectbodyporn.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All content provided by Third Party.
This blog is about music, funny ish, freestyle football, fashion, chicks, sneakers and stuff going on in my life....I hope you enjoy.
Aw, this was an incredibly good post. Spending some time and actual effort to produce a great article… but what can I say… I procrastinate a
the spelling on several of your posts. Many of them are rife with spelling problems and I find it very troublesome to tell the reality
I got this web page from my pal who informed me regarding this website and now this time I am browsing this web site and reading very informative content here.
Generally I do not learn post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very forced me to check out and do it!
I am sure this article has touched all the internet users, its really really pleasant article on building up new weblog.
same old rehashed material. Great read! I've saved your site and I'm including your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Council decided to encourage Metrolinx, the regional transportation planning agency, to make the construction of a downtown relief transit line a higher priority. Council sees merit in building a new downtown relief line before the more expensive construction of a Yonge Street subway extension north from Finch Station to Richmond Hill. The proposed relief transit line would address rider capacity challenges that will be intensified by an extended Yonge Street subway bringing many more transit riders into the system. Council also confirmed major features of the planned, provincially-funded 6.8-kilometre extension of the Yonge subway line north from Finch Station.
Council approved a plan to make changes to the Municipal Code to prohibit smoking at playgrounds and other child-centred areas in City of Toronto parks. The intention is to help protect children from harmful second-hand tobacco smoke. The proposed changes to the code will prohibit smoking within a nine-metre radius of City playgrounds and wading pools. The City will apply to the Ontario Government to set fines for the offences created by the bylaw, and will place emphasis on raising public awareness of the issue.
Council ratified an extension of the original agreement that transfers a portion of federal gasoline tax revenues to the City of Toronto. The extension covers the period 2010 to 2014. During that period, Toronto is expected to receive about $619 million in federal funding to support its capital planning for public transit. This funding arrangement originated with the federal New Deal for Cities and Communities that was secured by Canadian municipalities in 2005.
Council approved the awarding of a contract to the landscape architecture team that won the recent design competition to create a park named in honour of the late June Callwood. The park site, located at the foot of the historic Fort York area of Toronto, is scheduled to be completed as a new waterfront-area park by 2011 – in time for bicentennial celebrations marking the War of 1812.
Council decided to ask Transportation Services to prepare guidelines directing staff to determine the dates of significant religious events at religious institutions adjacent to municipal construction projects, and to take steps to minimize the impact of construction activities at those times.
Council approved the donation of two decommissioned Toronto ambulances to the City of Soyapango in El Salvador for humanitarian purposes. The arrangement was made through a technical partnership that the Federation of Canadian Municipalities initiated between Toronto and Soyapango. Toronto Emergency Medical Services (EMS) replaces about 30 ambulances a year, selling them through auction.
Description An independent newspaper serving the gay community. This edition features articles on Pride celebrations in New York, San Francisco, Chicago, and Detroit, political information about candidates in local elections and their views on gay rights issues, harmful psychological aspects of being Closeted, further analysis of legal efforts to defeat D.C. Sodomy laws, and Jewish views on homosexuality, as well as ads for gay-friendly groups, businesses, and events.
Source Original version: print newspaper; DC Public Library, Special Collections, Periodicals, Washington Blade
Annals of the overseas Geophysical yr, quantity 23: Sunspot Magnetic Fields for the I.G.Y. offers geophysical information research and day-by-day maps for commentary of sunspot magnetic fields task. the information and maps are ready on the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory.
This ebook particularly provides of strengths and polarities of the magnetic fields of sunspots saw through six observatories in the course of the IGY. those information are awarded within the kind of 533 day-by-day maps containing a few suggest values of the sector strengths measured at those observatories. The process of is derived in successive approximations. because the first approximation, basic potential (with equivalent weights) are calculated from the saw box strengths of alternative observatories. Mount Wilson observations are diminished first for the deviation as a result mixing influence. To derive the sphere strengths within the moment approximation, the calculation of systematic blunders for every observatory through estimates of deviations from the easy capability (with equivalent weights) and the calculation of weighted elements for every observatory by way of reviews of suggest dispersion for this observatory are made.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011
The ID of the product you specified could not be found. Please double check that you entered a valid Offer ID and search again.
mac sports rocking chair check this mac sport folding chair outstanding sport folding chair folding chair sports fishing seat beach check this mac sport folding chair mac sports rocker metro chair.
and also issue solvers." Actually, they are coming since somebody told them that they are good advocates and problem solvers, and that going to law college would be a method to generate income from those natural abilities.
it will soon allow multinational companies to selectively target its members in order to research the appeal of new products. Companies will be able to pose questions to specially selected members based on such intimate details as whether they are single or married and even whether they are gay or straight. [...] Marketing experts have said the vast amount of personal information Facebook holds, together with the loyalty of its users, could be worth “untold millions” to companies engaged in market research.
Featuring a legendary silhouette with heritage-inspired design details, the 997 Deconstructed abbreviates classic New Balance style in a look like no other. The pared-down design offers enduring quality and fit with premium pig suede construction, ENCAP midsole cushioning and Made in the USA craftsmanship. Strap up knowing you’re wearing a modern icon made right here in America.
Manufactured in the US for over 75 years and representing a limited portion of our US sales. New Balance Made is a premium collection that contains a domestic value of 70% or greater.
What's up mates, how is the whole thing, and what you desire to say on the topic of this post, in my view its actually remarkable designed for me.
In the bowl of a mixer, add in almond butter, coconut sugar and also coconut oil; process till it integrates, concerning 1 minute.
Getting in a space at night will certainly not just activate the strip lights on the flooring, but the TV might ambiently
It's going to be finish of mine day, however before end I am reading this impressive piece of writing to improve my know-how.
One that works very well for improving movement skills is a two-person version of the classic STUCK IN THE MUD.
Definitely believe that which you stated. Your favorite justification seemed to be on the internet the easiest thing to
be aware of. I say to you, I definitely get irked while people think about worries that they just don't know about.
You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also defined out the whole thing without having side-effects
Your waist trainer might be too tiny or you could have better luck with a complete protection midsection training vest rather than the one you have.
you fix lots of concerns or problems you could have in these locations, along with numerous other topics that are presently
Asking questions are genuinely fastidious thing if you are not understanding something completely, but this article presents nice understanding
Amazing! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It's on a entirely different subject but it has pretty
It is pretty price sufficient for me. In my opinion, if all webmasters and bloggers made excellent content material as you probably did,
Your method of explaining everything in this piece of writing is actually nice, every one be able to easily understand it, Thanks a lot.
certainly like your website however you need to take a look at the spelling on quite a few of your posts.
Japanese schoolgirl that associates her pals, is somewhat boy-crazy and is facing the trials of adolescence.
talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your site when you could be giving us something enlightening to
When you currently picked the corset that fits you most effectively, use it many times and ensure that it is tied to a
I will immediately clutch your rss as I can't to find your e-mail subscription link or e-newsletter service.
When some one searches for his essential thing, therefore he/she desires to be available that in detail, so that thing is maintained over here.
It is best to evaluate on your skin sort; then select the very best natural methods to lighten your pores and skin.
In the advanced search mode, it is possible to narrow down the search by selecting to seek within a particular
votes. Stop wasting time driving back and forth from the store and start watching good movies in the comfort of your home.
Aw, this was a very nice post. Spending some time and actual effort to make a really good article… but what can I say… I procrastinate a whole lot
I am sure this paragraph has touched all the internet people, its really really fastidious paragraph
Wow! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It's on a totally different topic but it has pretty much
Likewise, you could rely on a web site's position for your benefit by really creating guest posts for it.
Nearly all individuals make use of mobile for browsing different info and this makes it essential to modify strategies to boost their reach.
Herpes virus disease is an extremely common disease world-wide as a the latest research reported that will over fifty percent
leads to signs or symptoms. Nevertheless, some sufferer have the signs and symptoms of herpes simplex virus contamination like
using corrupted goods. If the virus invades throughout you’re the herpes simplex virus advances this uncanny capability
These treatments may just supress the signs or symptoms associated with herpes simplex virus disease and not treatment.
Healthy hsv simplex virus treat is usually abundant perhaps within your home nevertheless, you can’t uncover treatments
virus. This particular contains ant-viral that aids you to prevent additional episodes regarding hsv simplex virus as
well as supports your immunity process. Propolis is really a waxy chemical in which honeybees create may help heal herpes virus frosty uncomfortable and eruption. This boosts your disease fighting capability.
Olive oil can be utilized for the reason that moisturizer in it for hsv simplex virus contamination making sure that this may enhance the body's defence mechanism and also increase the treatment procedure for the actual cold
Remove connected with Aloe Sentira can help to cut back this seriousness connected with hsv simplex virus symptoms.
and also utilizing that link to recover, expand as well as enhance the connection on a purely spiritual and energetic degree.
Now you will soon forget about key-fobs as well since new biometric revolution is going to allow you to enter your
car with your fingerprint, face detection or eyeball recognition. The damage varies from vehicle to vehicle
but can be as small as light hail damage which is barely visible through to damage caused by falling trees.
“if a million people use your services but refuse to give you a dollar, you donâ€™t have a business – you have a hobby”
Right here is a simple approach foor getting you began iin electronic mail follow-up correctly aand consistently.
Hi there, i read your blog from time to time and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a
anything you can recommend? I get so much lately it's driving me mad so any support is very much appreciated.
am here now and would just like to say thank you for a remarkable post and a all round entertaining blog (I also love the theme/design), I don't have time to
read through it all at the minute but I have saved it and also added your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to
to click. You might add a video or a related pic or two to grab people excited about what you've got
because it has the quality to explode (cut resistance) is high to ensure the materials are not harmed in the execution.
This basis is very important when connected to the waste which requires no stopping up (blocking) in the media because of
in large quantities. Correspondingly, when the bottom line is connected to the development of rap tears.
really informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I'll appreciate if you continue this in future.
What's up, this weekend is nice for me, because this moment i am reading this fantastic educational piece of writing here at my home.
you to narrow your rrecord down to at least one orr two plumbers that you just'd feel snug calling for service.
Usually I do not read post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to take a look at and do it!
If you are going for most excellent contents like me, simply go to see this website daily for the reason that it presents feature contents,
Greetings from California! I'm bored at work so I decided to check out your site on my iphone during lunch break.
It's going to be finish of mine day, but before ending I am reading this enormous article to improve my know-how.
WOW just what I was searching for. Came here by searching for http://www.reuters.com/article/idUS...
What's up everybody, here every person is sharing these kinds oof familiarity, thus it's goodd to read this webpage, andd I used to
peaked my interest. I'm going to take a note of your site and keep checking for new information about once a week.
With out Plumbers wwe wouldn'tbe capabe of do the manhy simple things that we tawke with no consideration.
A customer books a step with the company (or individual) that supplied them the most affordable price, just to
Hi there, i read your blog occasionally and i own a similar one and i was just curious if you get a lot of spam responses?
to design strategies, automate processes,and improve customer communications, and in addition operates
I have a blog centered on the same subjects you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my readers
this product has no significant side effects except one and that relates to its temperature sensitivity.
Fine way of telling, and nice paragraph to get information on the topic of my presentation focus, which i am going to deliver in academy.
your fingerprint, face detection or eyeball recognition. This is a rear-wheel drive car, and that means that unlike front-wheel drive
cars - which typically can't be used much beyond B class - the MR2 can be upgraded all the way to the
blog posts. Anyway I'll be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently rapidly.
After I initially left a comment I seem to have clicked on the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now whenever a
have been hey thinking?) - alll of them supplied us with nice alternatives for optimization and tweaking.
I've been browsing online more than 4 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours.
Nevertheless, there are still other methods so that you could have a psychic love spells complimentary reading by making a love spell by yourself.
suppose you were to create a killer post title? I mean, I don't wish to tell you how to run your website, however suppose you added a post title to maybe grab a person's attention?
catchier post title? I mean, I don't wish to tell you how to run your website, however what if you added something that grabbed a person's attention? I mean GRIMAUD ET LA QUEYRIERE - Chez Jo is kinda boring.
Thank YOU for the meal!! But yeah, thanx for spending the time to discuss this issue here on your blog.
did you modify it yourself? Either way keep up the excellent quality writing, it is rare to see a great
I thought this put up used to be great. I do not recognize who yoou might be however definitely you are going to
Hey I know this is off topic but I was wondering if you knew of any widgets I could add to my blog that
What's up, always i used to check website posts here in the early hours in the morning, since i love to learn more and more.
Your site offered us with valuable information to work on. You have done a formidable job and our entire community will be thankful to
The creature doesn't always have lungs, it can be considered that it breaths from the skin. The program
=Jelqing Exercises: Jelqing training is referred to as natural penis enlargement exercises given it isn't going to
Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this site. Studying this information So i'm glad to convey that I've an incredibly good uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed.
Do you have a spam issue on this site; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; we have created some nice practices and
Hi there, I found your blog via Google whilst searching for a related matter, your web site came up, it appears to be like good.
Hello there, You've done an incredible job. I'll certainly digg it and personally suggest to my friends.
Candy Crush Jelly Saga Hack work with all Android cell telephones and tablets and iPhone, iPad, ipod contact, iPad Mini along with other iOS Units!
read stuff from. Thanks for posting when you've got the opportunity, Guess I will just bookmark this site.
Hsv simplex virus can be a extremely contagious viral epidermis an infection which will influences by mouth plus the sexually transmitted disease body parts
After the computer virus invades inside you herpes grows to be able to stay dormant within the mobile
as compared to consider us people can’t heal herpes simplex virus infection. Every one of these medicines aren't demonstrated to be able to heal hsv simplex virus regarding once and for all.
You possibly can take into account to utilize healthy hsv simplex virus treat as opposed to applying medications
of having the side effects connected with genital herpes virus virus pure treat however in case you have also been applying remedies and then you'll be able to find the severe uncomfortable
affected individual. Substance just like lysine, Zinc as well as Vitamin supplements H have the ability to preserve the virus apart and also help your defense mechanisms.
agonizing sore. This will likely cause you to really feel much better yet don’t present your eruption towards icepack for an extended time.
We have a software referred to as HSV ERASER allows each herpes affected person to remedy hsv simplex virus disease once and for all.
effective normal herbal products, raw diet plan along with super meals that happen to be important component to treatment
The deal is good for men and women who desire to reduce hsv simplex virus contamination once and for all.
Did a petchem product make Chuck Berry a star? A case could be made. - American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers - Digital
The story starts back in 1915, when a 19-year-old entrepreneur named Tom Lyle Williams saw his sister mix coal dust with Vaseline (or petroleum jelly) and apply it to her eye lashes to make them look fuller. Tom took his sister’s idea, adapted it and created a product he called Maybelline, in honor of his sister, Mabel, who gave him the idea.
Fast forward to 1955, in the Chess Records recording studio where a young musician was about to record his first record, “Ida Mae.” There was a problem, though. The studio owner, Leonard Chess, didn’t like the title, “Ida Mae.”
Then this happened, according to NPR: “Pianist Johnnie Johnson says, “We looked up on the windowsill, and there was a mascara box up there with Maybelline written on it. And Leonard Chess said, ‘Why don’t we name the damn thing ‘Maybellene’?” (They changed the spelling slightly to avoid a lawsuit.)
And that’s how Chuck Berry’s first hit, Maybellene—with its classic riff, “Oh Maybellene, why can’t you be true?”—came to be.
them," the company says. "Advanced construction techniques, quality control and signature craftsmanship provide a level of comfort
the middle of where its customers want to be. "We plan our communities to give you the best of both worlds: away from the hustle and
If you would like to try to load the digital publication without using Flash Player detection, please click here.
Summary Interior view of the William N. Byers home in Denver, Colorado; decor includes a piano, rocking chairs, a floor lamp, framed art, and lace curtains.
              ;978,806 Central City, Colorado. 1893 1629 Central City. eging (in Historical and descriptive review 187-192 of Colorado's enterprising cifles, their leading business houses and progressive men. E18933)
Full-Text ;978,806 Central City, Colorado. 1893 1629 Central City. eging (in Historical and descriptive review 187-192 of Colorado's enterprising cifles, their leading business houses and progressive men. E18933)
Motorcycle riders in those accidents have difficulty avoiding the collision. Long life, slow discharge
The step went slowly sufficient that myself as well as my partner needed to begin relocating (most of the furnishings) our own selves in order to complete the move at a
It's nearly impossible to find educated people for this subject, but you seem like you know what you're talking about!
Not that I am complaining, but slow loading instances times will sometimes affect your placement in google and could damage your quality score
found you by accident, while I was researching on Askjeeve for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say kudos for a remarkable post and a all round enjoyable blog
Fastidious replies in return of this issue with real arguments and telling the whole thing on the topic of
hello there and thank you for your information – I've certainly picked up anything new from right here.
I did however expertise several technical issues using this web site, as I experienced to reload the site many times previous to I could get it to load properly.
I've read this submit and if I could I desire to suggest you some attention-grabbing things or suggestions.
I've been browsing online more than 2 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours.
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you penning this article and the rest of the site is very good.|
The reason I ask is because your design seems different then most blogs and I'm looking for something completely unique.
I'm not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I figured I'd post
It's very trouble-free to find out any topic on net as compared to textbooks, as I found this post at this web
as I'm looking to create my own personal site and would love to learn where you got this from or what the theme is called.
You have made some good points there. I looked on the web for more info about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this website.|
I simply couldn't leave your site before suggesting that I extremely loved the usual information an individual supply for your visitors?
I constantly emailed this webpage post page to all my friends, for the reason that if like to read it then my contacts will too.|
But he's tryiong none the less. I've been using WordPress on numerous websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform.
I have heard fantastic things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can transfer all my wordpress content into it?
Howdy! I could have sworn I've been to this blog before but after browsing through some of the posts I realized it's
Heya i am for the first time here. I came across this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out
to find It really useful & it helped me out a lot. I'm hoping to provide something back and help others such as you aided me.|
Hey there! I just would like to offer you a huge thumbs up for your great information you have right
Your mode of telling all in this paragraph is actually fastidious, all be able to without difficulty understand it, Thanks a lot.|
I'm having some minor security issues with my latest site and I would like to find something more secure.
Upon detecting his presence, the beacon within the café will immediately relay the ‘deal of the day' - which is
of know-how, therefore it's pleasant to read this webpage, and I used to pay a quick visit this weblog all the time.
We have been surviving in a world through which more than half of the planet people experiencing from herpes infection and also the creepy
virus contamination would emerge as one of the significant health issues while watching entire world.
blood vessels ensure that you viral culture examination. If you have recently been recognized by herpes contamination you have to start your own therapy at the earliest opportunity.
virus infection. All those therapies not necessarily cure herpes virus disease specially cure linked to medications.
Proteins, Zinc and Vitamin H will be the key opponent connected with herpes infection. Herpes simplex virus actually dislikes most of these powerful healthy antivirals.
Get regarding olive actually leaves could wipe out the particular both types of hsv simplex virus and also helps to natural herpes treatment contamination for good.
specific making you feel greater yet don’t reveal herpes eruption towards the icepack for a long time.
Their tea tree essential oil would be the powerful antiviral supplement that be an aid to cure genital
discomfort Remove associated with olive actually leaves is able to destroy the both equally forms of herpes simplex virus.
There are several individual boasting they've been recently cured through herpes simplex virus illness once and for all simply by following a ways granted within the
of it. Should you likewise strive to be some of those you've already been remove genital herpes virus virus an infection as compared to you could
the same topics discussed here? I'd really like to be a part of community where I can get responses from other knowledgeable individuals
I'm not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I've tried it in two different browsers and both show
That's due to the fact that the film saw it suited not to use them in any type of meaningful way, tacking it
I have been browsing online more than 4 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours.
It's pretty worth enough for me. In my view, if all site owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the internet
I additionally found it very simple to make use of CPanel and install content material management methods
Access to articles in regional publications that pertain to a wide range of North Carolina-related topics.
Mrs. Sallie Southall Cotton was one of North Carolina's greatest women. Among her accomplishments were organizing in 1899 the End of the Century Club in Greenville for women to discuss books and sponsor community service projects and being a driving force in founding the North Carolina Federation of Women's Clubs, an organization that enabled women statewide to speak as a group for public school improvement, prison reform, and aid to the poor and elderly.
Description Vol. 3, no. 1 (June 1, 1935);Title from cover.;"A weekly survey of North Carolina.";This item digitized by the North Carolina Digital Heritage Center.
              TORiCAL SOCIETY STATE HIS THE CAMERON SUN AND THE WEEKLY OBSERVER VOLUME XLII CAMERON, CLINTON COUNTY, MISSOURI, MAY 24, 1928 NUMBER 13 Get M. W. C. Diplomas Degrees Conferred on College Classes Tuesday President Cutshall of I Li IT Is Speaker. Closing the 55th year for Missouri Wesleyan College, commencement exercises were held Tuesday afternoon in the First M. E. church and degrees were conferred, by President E. J. Gale. Musical numbers were by the Tracy orchestra, by Miss Eleanor Downey, pianist, who played Gavotte et Musette, and by Prof. Luther Swift, who sang, "Where'er You Walk" and "Life." The commencement speaker was Dr. Elmer Guy Cutshall, president of IlifC School of Theology, Denver. Education itself requires educating, according to Dr. Cutshall, who, in a thoughtful and thought-proving address discussed the province and purposes of education. The direction given to education, according to Dr. Cutshall, Is all important. To that task the religious forces have addressed themselves in establishing colleges such as Missouri Wesleyan. The program of tax-supported education needs the influence of the christian college and the work of these institutions is vital to the perpetuity of our christian standards and ideals. Many former students as well as many relatives and friends of the graduates were here for the exercises. TRUCK INTO A GBATE An accident unprecedented checked the trip of Roy Bridgewater to Nevada Tuesday with a big load of fixtures belonging to the Frisco Market Co. A short distance this side of Platts-fcurg as the truck was rolling along a smooth and dry road one of the rear wheels suddenly dropped down to the axle, instantly stopping the machine.An investigation showed the truck had broken through into an old grave over which thousands of cars and trucks had passed and which perhaps for a hundred years and more had lain unknown beneath the path of travel. Whose they are may never be known. The truck remained with the wheel in the grave over Tuesday night as no means could be devised to raise its heavy weight. It was pulled out yesterday by a 20-horse-power tractor. AVAS ROTARY SPEAKER Dr. Elmer Guy Cutshall, president of Iliff School of Theology, spoke at Rotary luncheon yesterday' on the sixth object of Rotary, which concerns world-wide peace through mutual understanding. Science, he says, has broken down barriers of time and space so rapidly that various races and nations have been unable to readjust themselves to their proximity to one another. Rotary is performing a high service in bringing them to a hasis of understanding, mutual confidence and good will. Dr. Cutshall is a Denver Rotarian. Dean Chas. N. Burrows of Simpson college, Indianola, Iowa, another Rotarian. was also a visitor. The club will meet next Thursday for luncheon instead of on Wednesday, which is Memorial Day. WHAT ABOUT THE CEMETERIES! Approach of Memorial Day reminds us again of the neglected condition of the Cameron cemeteries. Some work has been done on them, some is being done, but a unified program needs to be adopted that will entirely change their appearance, bringing it onto a par with cemeteries in other communities where the resting place of the dead is a beauty spot. The sentiment attaching to this season of the year should be an urge to action. MADE EXAMINATION RECORD Paul T. Fiddick, recently appointed a clerk in the Cameron postofflce, took his first examination Tuesday covering the dispatching of mail. Throwing 900 cards representing the postoffices and junction points in North Missouri Fiddick made 100 per cent. Louis Kaucher, chief ulerk, who came here from St. Joseph to conduct the examination, says it is the first time he has given the examination to a new clerk who made a perfect score. WHITE THE VESPERS SPEAKER Dr. Gay C. White, pastor of the First M. E. church of Urbana, 111., an alumnus of Missouri Wesleyan college, was the vespers speaker at the college Sunday evening. Besides his inspiring address, Dr. White brought many reminiscences of former days. He has had a highly successful career in the ministry and gives much of the credit for his achievements to his Alma Mater. The service, held in front of the liberal arts building, was delightful throughout. NEW FORDOIt FORD IS OUT Production has started on the new Fordor Ford sedans and cars of this type are being turned out from the Kansas City branch. Walter W. Hammer, local dealer, expects early delivery to him of this style of the popular new machines. He will drove home two more Fords Friday. He this week delivered a phaeton and a coupe, making 14 cars being driven now by local customers. ROOMY NEW QUARTERS Sam Bauer has his auto wrecking, auto parts and auto service establishment open in his new and roomy quarters on North Walnut street. He has lots of room and is in better shape than formerly to care for trade. He will open a filling station soon, in connection with his other branches. M. W. C. ANNUAL MEETING Board of TrnMees In Session Tuesday Officers Unchanged for Coming Year. Members of the board of trustees of Missouri Wesleyan college, in annual session in the liberal arts building Tuesday reviewed the work of the past year and made plans for the future, which hdlds more optimistic promise than has been the case in the past. Board members believe the merging of Missouri Wesleyan and Baker University adds strength and standing to the college here and will bring increased enrollment and financial support. Dr. E. J. Gale will continue as president, with Dean D. L. Dalke at the head of the faculty. The entire personnel of the faculty has not been selected, but those who so far have been chosen assure a strong and able teaching force. Officers of the board were re-elected as follows: President, H. F. Lawrence of Cameron; vice president, Rev. Jos. W. Thompson of Bethany; secretary. Rev. Jay J. Cokely of La-throp; treasurer, C. P. Dorsey of Cameron. Other members of the executive committee, A. J. Althouse, Judge Alex Shepherd and F. B. Klepper. Trustees selected include Oscar D. Kochan of Maysville, Rev. J. J. Cokely of Lathrop; Rev. R. L. Henry of St. Joseph and W. R. Clelland of New Hampton. AXM'AL LAWN FETE The lawn fete given at the college last evening by the Aesthesian Society was beautiful and attractive. The scene was a forest with-an enchanted pool and magic carpet. There were fairies, water nymphs and good and evil spirits who were appropriately dressed and who portrayed their parts most appropriately. Solo dances were given by, June Creason, leader of the nymphs, and Opal Miller, leader of the fairies. The fete was sponsored by Miss Herring, who, together with the Aes-thesians, deserves much credit for the splendid entertainment. Miss Stella Crockett furnished piano numbers and Miss Ada Ruth .Alley read the story of the play, which was of her own composition. Between acts a splendid talk was given by Jos. H. Dusenberry. 310 RE TEACHERS ELECTED Prof. Chas. C. Crosswhite, new superintendent of the Cameron schools, met with the board Monday evening and matters pertaining to next year's school term were discussed. Miss Motter of Kirksville was elected sewing instructor, succeeding Miss Hansel. Misses Lucille Campbell and Ruth Alley were selected as teachers in the grades at the Goodrich school. Abe Lucas, James Mallory and W. S. Marquis were re-employed as janitors. Cars Collided. A woman connected with the Federal Prohibition Enforcement department, operating out of Omaha, driving south on highway 69 in a Buick roadster, and Joe Cline, going north, driving a new Ford coupe, collided Sunday afternoon, damaging both cars. The Ford was damaged more than the Buick, a fender and wrheel being torn off. Fortunately, no one was injured.Elected to Honorary Society. Raymond Peck, student at Missouri University, spent Saturday, Sunday and Monday- here with home folks. Raymond has been elected to the Sigma Xi Scientific Honarary Society. A student, to be a member of this society, must have high grades and be of clean character. Cameron friends are glad to learn of Mr. Peck's preferment. Undenvent Operation. Mrs. R. L. Macrae underwent an operation for appendicitis Monday noon at the Independence sanitarium in Independence. At present she is improving nicely. Mr. Macrae went to Independence Sunday and remained for a few days. His brother, Roy, of Holden assisted in the shoeshop during his absence. - Ford Anderson Burned. Experimenting with some powder found in a bottle, Ford Anderson ap- i plied a lighted match and the con tents of the bottle exploded, burning him on the face and one arm, severely, Saturday morning. He was taken to Dr. Bowman, who dressed the wounds. He is getting along nicely although the burns are very painful. . Moving to Cameron. Mr. and Mrs. S. D. Juleson have moved here from Ottawa, Kas., and will occupy the J. W. Perry property on West Fifth street. Mr. Juleson is a traveling man. Delivered Memorial Address. Rev. John Boone drove to Plymouth, Carroll county, Sunday afternoon, where he delivered the annual memorial address for the I. O. O. F. lodge there. Kidder Lady Dies. Mrs. T. J. Anient died at her home in Kidder Tuesday night after a long illness from cancer. Funeral services are being held this afternoon. EW STYLE GLASSES Shown May 26th. Those greasy, corroded, or old style glasses make you look ten years older and brand you as out-of-date, even more than old hats or clothing. Let. Dr. Palm show you the newest frames at Midland ho tel in Cameron next Monday; $3.00 to ?3.00. Adv. (13-lt) Jas. C. Baker A Bishop New Member of Episcopacy Is Son of Former President of Missouri Wesleyan College. Methodists of the world in their general conference at Kansas City yesterday elected as a bishop Dr. James C. Baker, son of the late Dr. B. W. Daker, years ago president of Missouri Wesleyan college in Cameron. He was at that time a student at the college. His preferment will be learn ed of with genuine satisfaction by old friends in this city and throughout the Missouri conference. Dr. Baker was the founder of the Wesley Foundation movement which was established at the University of Illinois to provide religious influence for students in tax supported institutions and is still in charge there. The movement has spread throughout the nation. Five years ago, Dr. Baker was one of the speakers In connection with the installing of Dr. E. F. Buck as president of Missouri Wesleyan college. ALUM XI HOLD BANQUET Joy and sorrow co-mingled Tuesday evening when alumni of Missouri Wesleyan surrounded the banquet tables in Rice Hall for the annual banquet.Happy meeting of graduates of former years was the occasion for happy reminiscences, but the merry company paused in its enjoyment and sadness swept through all hearts as tributes were paid to the memories of Dean H. C. Kelsey and Dr. E. B. Thompson, prominent alumni, who during the past few months had passed suddenly out of this life. President Lester C. Slayton presided, and extended greetings from the alumni to the present graduates. Clarence Byers, class president, responded on behalf of the class. The invocation was by Rev. Jos. W. Thompson of Bethany. President Gale and Dr. L. A. Wilson responded to toasts on the present and future of Wesleyan, and Dr. Stella Dodd of Sononchia, C. P., India, spoke on "A Wesleyanite in India." The charge to the graduating class was given by Prof. Wilson Thomas. Music was furnished by two quartets, one of women and the other of men the singers being Mesdames Lou Gene Evans Woods, Mildred Robison Belcher, Marion Hulsizer Williams and Gladys Frances Hicks; and Messrs. Luther Swift, Charles Groom, Joe Williams and Kenneth Crawford. The attendance and interest were excellent. R. T. Z'S INITIATED Ten new members were iniiiated into the R. T. Z. society, Friday morn ing. The R. T. Z. is a high school society and ten new members are chosen each year. The new members were taken to the Park school where breakfast was cooked. They were then dressed in old-fashioned clothing and taKen to the college chapel. After chapel services, a parade was formed and traversed up and down Third street. Saturday night they were the guests at a line party at the Royal. The new members: Misses Mildred Brown, Ailene Brower, Louise De-Shon, Dorothy Crawford, Virginia Holland, Guenavere Knoch, Mae Morton, Esther Shaw, Elizabeth Whiteaker and Frances Watson. ALPHA PSI OMEGA The Theta cast from Missouri Wes leyan College of the Alpha Psi Ome ga, a national honorary dramatic fra ternity, held a 6 o'clock dinner last evening at the Park Cafe. This has become an annual affair and is eagerly looked forward to by all members of the Grand Cast. The dinner followed the initiation of three Wesleyan students into fellowship of this fraternity: Eileen Kranz, Page Pendleton and Bert Rushton. CHIEF ENGINEER HIS FRIEND Prof. Louis Theilmann was greatly pleased when President Coolidge named Carl W. Sturtevant of New York City as chief engineer for flood control work in the Mississippi val ley. In the first place, Sturtevant is am ply qualified, and in the second he and Prof. Theilmann were classmates in their college days. WiU Leave for Europe. Mrs. G. G. Brown has received word from her son Sidney, in St. Louis that he will leave there Monday from New York, where he will board the ship Maria, for Italy. Sidney will help look after a load of mules which is being shipped from Missouri to Europe. He expects to be gone from six to eight weeks and is anticipating a wonderful trip sight-seeing. Will Teach in Hawaii. William O'Neal, who has been teaching the past winter in Winona, Minn., returned to Cameron Saturday for the summer vacation. Mr. O'Neal was offered the principalship of the Win ona schools for next school term, but did not accept, and will teach in the schools at Honokaa, Hawaii. He will leave for the islands in August. Passed Away. Mrs. Caroline Bell (colored), aged 75, passed away at her home on West Cornhill Tuesday evening after an illness of one day. Mrs. Bell suffered a stroke of paralysis Tuesday morning and died that evening. Driving New Ford. W. C. Sampson is the owner of a new Tudor Ford purchased from Walter W. Hammer, Cameron dealer, delivered Friday. Death As Result Of Fall Ulnier Warner, Roofing Expert, Step-Ieil ltackward fo Death From Goodrich Auditorium Roof. High winds recently whipped part of the roofing off the Goodrich auditorium and the P. Stauffer Rooiing Co. of Mobeiiy, who laid the roof sent, sent a force of workmen here to repair the damage. Wulklng about on the roof superintending the job, Saturday, Elsworth Warner, 47 years old, who was in charge of the work as an expert, stepped backward from the roof. In the fall, he sustained a compound fracture of one leg and a broken arm besides internal injuries. lie was rushed to the Methodist hospital in the Poland ambulance by Dr. L. A. Wilson, who was called to attend him, but his injuries were so severe that death ensued Sunday. WILLI A MS- HEN I) F. R SO N Miss Grace Henderson and Roland Williams were united in marriage Monday afternoon at the home of Rev. H. R. Mills, pastor of the First M. E. church in St. Joseph. The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Henderson, for many years prominent citizens of Cameron. She is a graduate of Missouri Wes leyan college of Cameron and the Curry School of Expression at Boston, and has taught expression at the Missouri Christian college in Camden Point, at William Woods college at Fulton and at Missouri Wesleyan col lege, bhe is a young woman of un usual talent and charm and is highly popular possessing a wide circle of friends. The groom is also a member of one of the community's old and esteemed families, being a large land owner and farmer south of Cameron. The happy couple will reside on his farm south of town. The Sun joins their many friends in wishing them a long, prosperous and happy wedded life. M. W. C. RECITAL A splendid recital was given at the College chapel Monday evening by Miss Ruth Pittman, reader; Miss Vera Lou Saxer, pianist, and Miss Eleanor Downey, pianist. A large crowd was present to enjoy the delightful pro gram, which was as follows: Readings, "Rainbow Land" and "Rejected," Miss Pittman, accompanied by Miss Saxer; piano solos, "Arabesque en forme d' Etude," and "The Old Refrain," Miss Saxer; reading, "Molly's Boy," Miss Pittman; piano duets, "Butterfly," "Eastern Intermezzo" and "Gypsy Dance," Misses Downey and Saxer; readings, "Black Blue Grass Widow," and "Imph-m," Miss Pittman; piano solo, "Romance," Vera Lou Saxer; readings, "L'Envoi" and "Mu.4ic on the Rappahauock,," Miss Pittman, accompanied by Miss Downey, vocalist, and Miss Saxer, pianist.Ushers: Misses Irene Moon, Lorraine Shirts, Ada Ruth Alley, Lois Dusenberry, Gertrude Buck and Thel-ma Farris. CITY COUNCIL MEETS The city council met in regular session Monday evening with Mayor J. C. McComb, presiding. The minutes were read and the usual appropriation ordinance passed. The city attorney was directed to prepare an ordinance prohibiting bill boards in the city limits. The meeting adjourned until Friday night "when bids will be received for the graveling of Orange and Prospect streets. TRI BETA BANQUET The Beta Beta Beta Biological fra ternity of Missouri Wesleyan college enjoyed a banquet at the Park Cafe Monday evening. The honor guests were the faculty advisors, Dr. L. A. Wilson and Prof. L. G. Slayton, and the Mesdames Slayton and Wilson. Goldie Boureltn v.: toast master. The idea of the three B's was carried out in the toasts. Prof. Slayton gave a toast on "Biology," David Foster on "Botany," and Dr. Wilson, "Bacteriology." A saxophone solo was given by Cleo Hardin and Miss Hazel Porter gave a vocal solo. This was the closing event of the Beta Beta Beta fraternity for the year. MAKING IMPROVEMENTS The Howser filling station at the Y in the north suburbs is being made more attractive by installing many improvements for the summer. Geo. W. Howser, Jr., the manager, is pre paring for a good business. .Mrs. Ward Worse. C. M. Ward and daughter, Mrs. Rich ard Schoff were called to St. Joseph this morning on account of the condition of Mrs. Ward, which is alarming today. Mrs. Ward underwent an op eration Monday for gall stones. Operated Upon. John Franklin McCool, sou of Mr. and Mrs. Hobart McCool, underwent an operation for appendicitis at the M. E. hospital in St. Joseph Thursday morning. He is getting along very nicely. Shakespeare Club. A national junior Shakespeare Story Telling club, under the leadership of Miss Lorraine Shirts, is forming clubs in Cameron. All parents and children interested call 75S. OPEN NIGHTS I will be open on Thursday nights until 9:30 p. m. during band concert season. Bring me your poultry, eggs, cream and hides. CAMERON POULTRY CO., jW. H. Davison. (13-lt) T,,K ( 0I Lf:(;K baccalaureate Inspiring Sermon by President Flem. ing of linker UnUersity Heard By Many. An audience which taxed the capacity of Khe . spacious Methodist church attended the annual baccalaureate services for Missouri Wesleyan college Sunday morning. Services at other churches were dismissed for the morning hour and the various congregations united in the exercises. In the processional were the faculty, the graduates and the members of the large chorus choir. In accordance with the custom established throughout many years, the Hallelujah Chorus was rendered by the choir, and was beautifully given. The choir was directed by Hadley Crawford, a student under the late Prof. H. C. Kelsey. President E. J. Gale of Missouri Wesleyan introduced as the speaker, President W. B. Fleming of Baker University. The coming of Dr. Fleming, at the invitation of President Gale and the Senior class, was highly fitting as a merger Is in process between the two institutions and while Missouri Wesleyan will continue to do two years of work here, it will be a part of Baker University, and by the merger, Baker University becomes a part of this community as well as carrying from this time forward the work of the upper two years heretofore at Missouri Wesleyan. Dr. Fleming's sermon was an urge to the discovery of worth while things and his thought was developed with a clearness and eloquence that impressed it upon the hearts and minds of his hearers. So many things we desire are within reach if we but knew how to put forth our hand and take them, Dr. Fleming told the class and his audience. But all too often people hurry here and there in quest for their heart's desire and never find it because they fail to envision the things worthwhile. Supreme among all objects sought by man is the finding of God, Dr. Fleming said. Many miss Him, "Though he be not far from any one of us." To miss God is to miss the supreme good in life; the very essence of life itself. Getting education is desirable; achieving success in professional or business life is desirable, but the finding of God in the heart of an individual ennobles his life", broadens and sweetens it as nothing else can do. Prefacing his sermon, Dr. Fleming took occasion to express cordial feelings for Missouri AVesleyan college and its interests, and toward this community. It is his belief that the new relationship will prove of lasting benefit both to the interests of Missouri Wesleyan college and Baker University, and in the largest degree to the cause of christian education. Dr. Fleming's earnestness, his devotion to the highest and best education for young people and his spirit of friendliness made a most favorable inipressio;i on his many hearers. ANNUAL ARTS CONTEST The annual fine arts contest under direction of the M. W. C. Alumni Association, was held at the college chapel Tuesday evening. The program was presided over by Prof. Lester Slayton, alumni president. A large crowd was present and enjoyed the splendid program. Winners in the contests were as follows: Piano, first Vera Lou Saxer, who played "Romance"; second, Mildred Kelsey, "Prelude in G Minor," and third, Frances Warren, "Jugglery." Voice: First, Harvey Croy, "Down to the Sea in Ships"; second, Wesley Foster, "The Poor Man's Garden," and third, Marjorie Milstead, '"Tis June, My Dear." Expression: First. Muriel Williams, "Shift of Fate"; second, Virginia Mc-Cue, "Aux Italiens," and third, Ada Ruth Alleys "For Dear Old Yale." Purchased New Studebaker. Mr. and Mrs. George Zancker have purchased a new Studebaker Royal Dictator sport model sedan. It is in two shades of tan and has wire wheels, giving it a very attractive appearance. The car is being shipped direct from the factory and will be delivered to the Zanckers the last of the week. Mr. and Mrs. Zancker sold their Pontiac sedan to Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Gerrell of the Edgar Jones players. I. 0. 0. F. BANQUET The I. O. O. F. Imperial Encampment will hold their annual banquet at the Park Cafe Monday night. About one hundred and fifty are expected to enjoy the evening. This is their annual carnival and a big time is anticipated. Sold Cultivators. Four new McCormick-Deering 2-row cultivators have been recently sold by the Connell Hardware Co. Three of them went to Ernest Sherman, John Dice and Walter Groves, all near Cameron. Beautifying the Royal. The Royal Theatre has been at tractively redecorated. , New paint has been put on the front and the wood work on the inside. It adds attrac tiveness to its appearance. VOICE LESSONS At M. W. C. Conservatory beginning May 29. For further information call S3 or 513. JOE M. WILLIAMS. (13-lt) Dr. Palm Coming May 20. Guaranteed glasses, $3 to $15. At Midland Hotel monthly. (10-tf) Calendar For the Week' The Social, Lodge, Club and (bank Eienls During the Week of .Muy 21-31. FRIDAY The east halt of the second ward Ladies' Aid of the M. E. church Will meet. Meeting place undecided. The third ward of the Ladies' Aid of the M. E. church will meet with MrB. Lestor Slayton. The fourth ward Ladies' Aid of th M. E. church will meet with Mrs. Q. W. Sherman. The Pastor's Aid Society of Presbyterian church will meet with Mrs. C. E. Ford. SATURDAY Concert in the park by Cameroa Boys' Band. SUNDAY Baptist: Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. B. Y. P. U. at 7 p. m. Evening service at 8 o'clock. Disciples: Sunday school at 9:30 a m. Communion service at 10:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. Endeavor at 7 o'clock. L. D. S. Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. Evening service, 8 p. m. Methodist: Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Morning service, 10:45. Epworth Leagues, 7 p. m. Evening service at S o'clock. Presbyterian: Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. Evening service at 8 o'clock. MONDAY The P. E. O's will meet with Mrs. L F. Graham. Mrs. O. F. Ulrich and Miss Adelaide Kemper have the sub-ject, "National Parks and Forest Conservation."The J. O. C. class of the M. E. church will meet. The place of meet-. ing has not been definitely decided upon.Official Board of Christian church will meet at 8 o'clock. Westminster Guild will meet with the Schleicher sisters. Amelia Theilmann, leader. Subject, "Japan." I. O. O. F. Imperial Encampment will hold banquet at Park Cafe. TUESDAY Regular meeting of Diamond Cross Lodge, K. of P. Temple Builders of the L. D. S. church will meet at the church, 8 o'clock. WEDNESDAY Mid-week services at the churches at 8 o'clock. THURSDAY . Regular meeting of Rotary club in Cameron Hotel at 12:15. Regular meeting of I. O. O. F. lodge. 7:30. Concert by Cameron Concert Band. Women's Council of the Christian, church will meet at the church. Department of Women of L. D. S. church will meet at church. Mrs. S. J. Sloan in charge. WINS LIFE INSURANCE HONORS G. L. Byrd of Maysville, agent in this territory for the New York Life Insurance Co., had the notable distinction of standing tenth in point of production in the entire United States in the Spring Round-Up campaign recently closed. He is a tireless worker and a square shooter and is developing a fine business. Mr. Byrd returned the last of the week from a convention of New York Lige agents held in St. Louis. Sells More (heirolets. Since the sale of a Chevrolet sedan to O. L. Dwyer last week, the following people have purchased Chevrolets from Guy H. Beatty, Cameron dealer: Charles Korneman, coupe; Or-ville Beckwilh of Amity, coach; Ira Milligan of Hamilton, ton truck; Mr. Butterfield of Oshorn, coach ; Earl Young of St. Joseph, coach, and J. D. Connell, coach. Mr. Beatty has also sold 12 used cars. UNDERWENT OPERATIONS Olin Biggerstaff underwent an operation Saturday morning at Mercy hospital in St. Joseph for appendicitis. He is getting along very satisfactorily. Miss Louise Ray of Turney was operated on for appendicitis Saturday at Mercy hospital in St. Joseph. She is improving nicely. COLLEGE CHAPEL NOTES A very interesting, program was given in chapel Friday morning. Mrs. H. J. Knoch gave a talk on "Some Folks I Have Known." Miss Ailene Brower gave a piano selection and Levi Robison sang a vocal solo. Re-elected City Manager. F. E. Lawrence has just been elect ed for the third year as city manager for Sapulpa, Okla. He is a son of Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Lawrence of thisu. city and has many friends here. Caught Large Fish. Dr. C. D. Brown, Carl Roydene and H. D. Sackett went fishing Sunday and brought back a cat fish that weighed a little over 7. pounds. Incidentally, the fish was caught in Shoal creek and the men think it a good catch. Mas Operated Upon. Mrs. C. M. Ward underwent a seri ous operation Monday morning at the Sisters hospital in St. Joseph for gall stones. She is recovering nicely. J. H. McAdoo was in Kansas Citv on business Monday. HOUSE FOR RENT Small cottage, well located, closa in on paved street; heat, water, electric lights, bathroom and garage. Fine neighborhood. Inquire at The Sun cf- Jfice or phone 707. (10-tf)
Transcript TORiCAL SOCIETY STATE HIS THE CAMERON SUN AND THE WEEKLY OBSERVER VOLUME XLII CAMERON, CLINTON COUNTY, MISSOURI, MAY 24, 1928 NUMBER 13 Get M. W. C. Diplomas Degrees Conferred on College Classes Tuesday President Cutshall of I Li IT Is Speaker. Closing the 55th year for Missouri Wesleyan College, commencement exercises were held Tuesday afternoon in the First M. E. church and degrees were conferred, by President E. J. Gale. Musical numbers were by the Tracy orchestra, by Miss Eleanor Downey, pianist, who played Gavotte et Musette, and by Prof. Luther Swift, who sang, "Where'er You Walk" and "Life." The commencement speaker was Dr. Elmer Guy Cutshall, president of IlifC School of Theology, Denver. Education itself requires educating, according to Dr. Cutshall, who, in a thoughtful and thought-proving address discussed the province and purposes of education. The direction given to education, according to Dr. Cutshall, Is all important. To that task the religious forces have addressed themselves in establishing colleges such as Missouri Wesleyan. The program of tax-supported education needs the influence of the christian college and the work of these institutions is vital to the perpetuity of our christian standards and ideals. Many former students as well as many relatives and friends of the graduates were here for the exercises. TRUCK INTO A GBATE An accident unprecedented checked the trip of Roy Bridgewater to Nevada Tuesday with a big load of fixtures belonging to the Frisco Market Co. A short distance this side of Platts-fcurg as the truck was rolling along a smooth and dry road one of the rear wheels suddenly dropped down to the axle, instantly stopping the machine.An investigation showed the truck had broken through into an old grave over which thousands of cars and trucks had passed and which perhaps for a hundred years and more had lain unknown beneath the path of travel. Whose they are may never be known. The truck remained with the wheel in the grave over Tuesday night as no means could be devised to raise its heavy weight. It was pulled out yesterday by a 20-horse-power tractor. AVAS ROTARY SPEAKER Dr. Elmer Guy Cutshall, president of Iliff School of Theology, spoke at Rotary luncheon yesterday' on the sixth object of Rotary, which concerns world-wide peace through mutual understanding. Science, he says, has broken down barriers of time and space so rapidly that various races and nations have been unable to readjust themselves to their proximity to one another. Rotary is performing a high service in bringing them to a hasis of understanding, mutual confidence and good will. Dr. Cutshall is a Denver Rotarian. Dean Chas. N. Burrows of Simpson college, Indianola, Iowa, another Rotarian. was also a visitor. The club will meet next Thursday for luncheon instead of on Wednesday, which is Memorial Day. WHAT ABOUT THE CEMETERIES! Approach of Memorial Day reminds us again of the neglected condition of the Cameron cemeteries. Some work has been done on them, some is being done, but a unified program needs to be adopted that will entirely change their appearance, bringing it onto a par with cemeteries in other communities where the resting place of the dead is a beauty spot. The sentiment attaching to this season of the year should be an urge to action. MADE EXAMINATION RECORD Paul T. Fiddick, recently appointed a clerk in the Cameron postofflce, took his first examination Tuesday covering the dispatching of mail. Throwing 900 cards representing the postoffices and junction points in North Missouri Fiddick made 100 per cent. Louis Kaucher, chief ulerk, who came here from St. Joseph to conduct the examination, says it is the first time he has given the examination to a new clerk who made a perfect score. WHITE THE VESPERS SPEAKER Dr. Gay C. White, pastor of the First M. E. church of Urbana, 111., an alumnus of Missouri Wesleyan college, was the vespers speaker at the college Sunday evening. Besides his inspiring address, Dr. White brought many reminiscences of former days. He has had a highly successful career in the ministry and gives much of the credit for his achievements to his Alma Mater. The service, held in front of the liberal arts building, was delightful throughout. NEW FORDOIt FORD IS OUT Production has started on the new Fordor Ford sedans and cars of this type are being turned out from the Kansas City branch. Walter W. Hammer, local dealer, expects early delivery to him of this style of the popular new machines. He will drove home two more Fords Friday. He this week delivered a phaeton and a coupe, making 14 cars being driven now by local customers. ROOMY NEW QUARTERS Sam Bauer has his auto wrecking, auto parts and auto service establishment open in his new and roomy quarters on North Walnut street. He has lots of room and is in better shape than formerly to care for trade. He will open a filling station soon, in connection with his other branches. M. W. C. ANNUAL MEETING Board of TrnMees In Session Tuesday Officers Unchanged for Coming Year. Members of the board of trustees of Missouri Wesleyan college, in annual session in the liberal arts building Tuesday reviewed the work of the past year and made plans for the future, which hdlds more optimistic promise than has been the case in the past. Board members believe the merging of Missouri Wesleyan and Baker University adds strength and standing to the college here and will bring increased enrollment and financial support. Dr. E. J. Gale will continue as president, with Dean D. L. Dalke at the head of the faculty. The entire personnel of the faculty has not been selected, but those who so far have been chosen assure a strong and able teaching force. Officers of the board were re-elected as follows: President, H. F. Lawrence of Cameron; vice president, Rev. Jos. W. Thompson of Bethany; secretary. Rev. Jay J. Cokely of La-throp; treasurer, C. P. Dorsey of Cameron. Other members of the executive committee, A. J. Althouse, Judge Alex Shepherd and F. B. Klepper. Trustees selected include Oscar D. Kochan of Maysville, Rev. J. J. Cokely of Lathrop; Rev. R. L. Henry of St. Joseph and W. R. Clelland of New Hampton. AXM'AL LAWN FETE The lawn fete given at the college last evening by the Aesthesian Society was beautiful and attractive. The scene was a forest with-an enchanted pool and magic carpet. There were fairies, water nymphs and good and evil spirits who were appropriately dressed and who portrayed their parts most appropriately. Solo dances were given by, June Creason, leader of the nymphs, and Opal Miller, leader of the fairies. The fete was sponsored by Miss Herring, who, together with the Aes-thesians, deserves much credit for the splendid entertainment. Miss Stella Crockett furnished piano numbers and Miss Ada Ruth .Alley read the story of the play, which was of her own composition. Between acts a splendid talk was given by Jos. H. Dusenberry. 310 RE TEACHERS ELECTED Prof. Chas. C. Crosswhite, new superintendent of the Cameron schools, met with the board Monday evening and matters pertaining to next year's school term were discussed. Miss Motter of Kirksville was elected sewing instructor, succeeding Miss Hansel. Misses Lucille Campbell and Ruth Alley were selected as teachers in the grades at the Goodrich school. Abe Lucas, James Mallory and W. S. Marquis were re-employed as janitors. Cars Collided. A woman connected with the Federal Prohibition Enforcement department, operating out of Omaha, driving south on highway 69 in a Buick roadster, and Joe Cline, going north, driving a new Ford coupe, collided Sunday afternoon, damaging both cars. The Ford was damaged more than the Buick, a fender and wrheel being torn off. Fortunately, no one was injured.Elected to Honorary Society. Raymond Peck, student at Missouri University, spent Saturday, Sunday and Monday- here with home folks. Raymond has been elected to the Sigma Xi Scientific Honarary Society. A student, to be a member of this society, must have high grades and be of clean character. Cameron friends are glad to learn of Mr. Peck's preferment. Undenvent Operation. Mrs. R. L. Macrae underwent an operation for appendicitis Monday noon at the Independence sanitarium in Independence. At present she is improving nicely. Mr. Macrae went to Independence Sunday and remained for a few days. His brother, Roy, of Holden assisted in the shoeshop during his absence. - Ford Anderson Burned. Experimenting with some powder found in a bottle, Ford Anderson ap- i plied a lighted match and the con tents of the bottle exploded, burning him on the face and one arm, severely, Saturday morning. He was taken to Dr. Bowman, who dressed the wounds. He is getting along nicely although the burns are very painful. . Moving to Cameron. Mr. and Mrs. S. D. Juleson have moved here from Ottawa, Kas., and will occupy the J. W. Perry property on West Fifth street. Mr. Juleson is a traveling man. Delivered Memorial Address. Rev. John Boone drove to Plymouth, Carroll county, Sunday afternoon, where he delivered the annual memorial address for the I. O. O. F. lodge there. Kidder Lady Dies. Mrs. T. J. Anient died at her home in Kidder Tuesday night after a long illness from cancer. Funeral services are being held this afternoon. EW STYLE GLASSES Shown May 26th. Those greasy, corroded, or old style glasses make you look ten years older and brand you as out-of-date, even more than old hats or clothing. Let. Dr. Palm show you the newest frames at Midland ho tel in Cameron next Monday; $3.00 to ?3.00. Adv. (13-lt) Jas. C. Baker A Bishop New Member of Episcopacy Is Son of Former President of Missouri Wesleyan College. Methodists of the world in their general conference at Kansas City yesterday elected as a bishop Dr. James C. Baker, son of the late Dr. B. W. Daker, years ago president of Missouri Wesleyan college in Cameron. He was at that time a student at the college. His preferment will be learn ed of with genuine satisfaction by old friends in this city and throughout the Missouri conference. Dr. Baker was the founder of the Wesley Foundation movement which was established at the University of Illinois to provide religious influence for students in tax supported institutions and is still in charge there. The movement has spread throughout the nation. Five years ago, Dr. Baker was one of the speakers In connection with the installing of Dr. E. F. Buck as president of Missouri Wesleyan college. ALUM XI HOLD BANQUET Joy and sorrow co-mingled Tuesday evening when alumni of Missouri Wesleyan surrounded the banquet tables in Rice Hall for the annual banquet.Happy meeting of graduates of former years was the occasion for happy reminiscences, but the merry company paused in its enjoyment and sadness swept through all hearts as tributes were paid to the memories of Dean H. C. Kelsey and Dr. E. B. Thompson, prominent alumni, who during the past few months had passed suddenly out of this life. President Lester C. Slayton presided, and extended greetings from the alumni to the present graduates. Clarence Byers, class president, responded on behalf of the class. The invocation was by Rev. Jos. W. Thompson of Bethany. President Gale and Dr. L. A. Wilson responded to toasts on the present and future of Wesleyan, and Dr. Stella Dodd of Sononchia, C. P., India, spoke on "A Wesleyanite in India." The charge to the graduating class was given by Prof. Wilson Thomas. Music was furnished by two quartets, one of women and the other of men the singers being Mesdames Lou Gene Evans Woods, Mildred Robison Belcher, Marion Hulsizer Williams and Gladys Frances Hicks; and Messrs. Luther Swift, Charles Groom, Joe Williams and Kenneth Crawford. The attendance and interest were excellent. R. T. Z'S INITIATED Ten new members were iniiiated into the R. T. Z. society, Friday morn ing. The R. T. Z. is a high school society and ten new members are chosen each year. The new members were taken to the Park school where breakfast was cooked. They were then dressed in old-fashioned clothing and taKen to the college chapel. After chapel services, a parade was formed and traversed up and down Third street. Saturday night they were the guests at a line party at the Royal. The new members: Misses Mildred Brown, Ailene Brower, Louise De-Shon, Dorothy Crawford, Virginia Holland, Guenavere Knoch, Mae Morton, Esther Shaw, Elizabeth Whiteaker and Frances Watson. ALPHA PSI OMEGA The Theta cast from Missouri Wes leyan College of the Alpha Psi Ome ga, a national honorary dramatic fra ternity, held a 6 o'clock dinner last evening at the Park Cafe. This has become an annual affair and is eagerly looked forward to by all members of the Grand Cast. The dinner followed the initiation of three Wesleyan students into fellowship of this fraternity: Eileen Kranz, Page Pendleton and Bert Rushton. CHIEF ENGINEER HIS FRIEND Prof. Louis Theilmann was greatly pleased when President Coolidge named Carl W. Sturtevant of New York City as chief engineer for flood control work in the Mississippi val ley. In the first place, Sturtevant is am ply qualified, and in the second he and Prof. Theilmann were classmates in their college days. WiU Leave for Europe. Mrs. G. G. Brown has received word from her son Sidney, in St. Louis that he will leave there Monday from New York, where he will board the ship Maria, for Italy. Sidney will help look after a load of mules which is being shipped from Missouri to Europe. He expects to be gone from six to eight weeks and is anticipating a wonderful trip sight-seeing. Will Teach in Hawaii. William O'Neal, who has been teaching the past winter in Winona, Minn., returned to Cameron Saturday for the summer vacation. Mr. O'Neal was offered the principalship of the Win ona schools for next school term, but did not accept, and will teach in the schools at Honokaa, Hawaii. He will leave for the islands in August. Passed Away. Mrs. Caroline Bell (colored), aged 75, passed away at her home on West Cornhill Tuesday evening after an illness of one day. Mrs. Bell suffered a stroke of paralysis Tuesday morning and died that evening. Driving New Ford. W. C. Sampson is the owner of a new Tudor Ford purchased from Walter W. Hammer, Cameron dealer, delivered Friday. Death As Result Of Fall Ulnier Warner, Roofing Expert, Step-Ieil ltackward fo Death From Goodrich Auditorium Roof. High winds recently whipped part of the roofing off the Goodrich auditorium and the P. Stauffer Rooiing Co. of Mobeiiy, who laid the roof sent, sent a force of workmen here to repair the damage. Wulklng about on the roof superintending the job, Saturday, Elsworth Warner, 47 years old, who was in charge of the work as an expert, stepped backward from the roof. In the fall, he sustained a compound fracture of one leg and a broken arm besides internal injuries. lie was rushed to the Methodist hospital in the Poland ambulance by Dr. L. A. Wilson, who was called to attend him, but his injuries were so severe that death ensued Sunday. WILLI A MS- HEN I) F. R SO N Miss Grace Henderson and Roland Williams were united in marriage Monday afternoon at the home of Rev. H. R. Mills, pastor of the First M. E. church in St. Joseph. The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Henderson, for many years prominent citizens of Cameron. She is a graduate of Missouri Wes leyan college of Cameron and the Curry School of Expression at Boston, and has taught expression at the Missouri Christian college in Camden Point, at William Woods college at Fulton and at Missouri Wesleyan col lege, bhe is a young woman of un usual talent and charm and is highly popular possessing a wide circle of friends. The groom is also a member of one of the community's old and esteemed families, being a large land owner and farmer south of Cameron. The happy couple will reside on his farm south of town. The Sun joins their many friends in wishing them a long, prosperous and happy wedded life. M. W. C. RECITAL A splendid recital was given at the College chapel Monday evening by Miss Ruth Pittman, reader; Miss Vera Lou Saxer, pianist, and Miss Eleanor Downey, pianist. A large crowd was present to enjoy the delightful pro gram, which was as follows: Readings, "Rainbow Land" and "Rejected," Miss Pittman, accompanied by Miss Saxer; piano solos, "Arabesque en forme d' Etude," and "The Old Refrain," Miss Saxer; reading, "Molly's Boy," Miss Pittman; piano duets, "Butterfly," "Eastern Intermezzo" and "Gypsy Dance," Misses Downey and Saxer; readings, "Black Blue Grass Widow," and "Imph-m," Miss Pittman; piano solo, "Romance," Vera Lou Saxer; readings, "L'Envoi" and "Mu.4ic on the Rappahauock,," Miss Pittman, accompanied by Miss Downey, vocalist, and Miss Saxer, pianist.Ushers: Misses Irene Moon, Lorraine Shirts, Ada Ruth Alley, Lois Dusenberry, Gertrude Buck and Thel-ma Farris. CITY COUNCIL MEETS The city council met in regular session Monday evening with Mayor J. C. McComb, presiding. The minutes were read and the usual appropriation ordinance passed. The city attorney was directed to prepare an ordinance prohibiting bill boards in the city limits. The meeting adjourned until Friday night "when bids will be received for the graveling of Orange and Prospect streets. TRI BETA BANQUET The Beta Beta Beta Biological fra ternity of Missouri Wesleyan college enjoyed a banquet at the Park Cafe Monday evening. The honor guests were the faculty advisors, Dr. L. A. Wilson and Prof. L. G. Slayton, and the Mesdames Slayton and Wilson. Goldie Boureltn v.: toast master. The idea of the three B's was carried out in the toasts. Prof. Slayton gave a toast on "Biology," David Foster on "Botany," and Dr. Wilson, "Bacteriology." A saxophone solo was given by Cleo Hardin and Miss Hazel Porter gave a vocal solo. This was the closing event of the Beta Beta Beta fraternity for the year. MAKING IMPROVEMENTS The Howser filling station at the Y in the north suburbs is being made more attractive by installing many improvements for the summer. Geo. W. Howser, Jr., the manager, is pre paring for a good business. .Mrs. Ward Worse. C. M. Ward and daughter, Mrs. Rich ard Schoff were called to St. Joseph this morning on account of the condition of Mrs. Ward, which is alarming today. Mrs. Ward underwent an op eration Monday for gall stones. Operated Upon. John Franklin McCool, sou of Mr. and Mrs. Hobart McCool, underwent an operation for appendicitis at the M. E. hospital in St. Joseph Thursday morning. He is getting along very nicely. Shakespeare Club. A national junior Shakespeare Story Telling club, under the leadership of Miss Lorraine Shirts, is forming clubs in Cameron. All parents and children interested call 75S. OPEN NIGHTS I will be open on Thursday nights until 9:30 p. m. during band concert season. Bring me your poultry, eggs, cream and hides. CAMERON POULTRY CO., jW. H. Davison. (13-lt) T,,K ( 0I Lf:(;K baccalaureate Inspiring Sermon by President Flem. ing of linker UnUersity Heard By Many. An audience which taxed the capacity of Khe . spacious Methodist church attended the annual baccalaureate services for Missouri Wesleyan college Sunday morning. Services at other churches were dismissed for the morning hour and the various congregations united in the exercises. In the processional were the faculty, the graduates and the members of the large chorus choir. In accordance with the custom established throughout many years, the Hallelujah Chorus was rendered by the choir, and was beautifully given. The choir was directed by Hadley Crawford, a student under the late Prof. H. C. Kelsey. President E. J. Gale of Missouri Wesleyan introduced as the speaker, President W. B. Fleming of Baker University. The coming of Dr. Fleming, at the invitation of President Gale and the Senior class, was highly fitting as a merger Is in process between the two institutions and while Missouri Wesleyan will continue to do two years of work here, it will be a part of Baker University, and by the merger, Baker University becomes a part of this community as well as carrying from this time forward the work of the upper two years heretofore at Missouri Wesleyan. Dr. Fleming's sermon was an urge to the discovery of worth while things and his thought was developed with a clearness and eloquence that impressed it upon the hearts and minds of his hearers. So many things we desire are within reach if we but knew how to put forth our hand and take them, Dr. Fleming told the class and his audience. But all too often people hurry here and there in quest for their heart's desire and never find it because they fail to envision the things worthwhile. Supreme among all objects sought by man is the finding of God, Dr. Fleming said. Many miss Him, "Though he be not far from any one of us." To miss God is to miss the supreme good in life; the very essence of life itself. Getting education is desirable; achieving success in professional or business life is desirable, but the finding of God in the heart of an individual ennobles his life", broadens and sweetens it as nothing else can do. Prefacing his sermon, Dr. Fleming took occasion to express cordial feelings for Missouri AVesleyan college and its interests, and toward this community. It is his belief that the new relationship will prove of lasting benefit both to the interests of Missouri Wesleyan college and Baker University, and in the largest degree to the cause of christian education. Dr. Fleming's earnestness, his devotion to the highest and best education for young people and his spirit of friendliness made a most favorable inipressio;i on his many hearers. ANNUAL ARTS CONTEST The annual fine arts contest under direction of the M. W. C. Alumni Association, was held at the college chapel Tuesday evening. The program was presided over by Prof. Lester Slayton, alumni president. A large crowd was present and enjoyed the splendid program. Winners in the contests were as follows: Piano, first Vera Lou Saxer, who played "Romance"; second, Mildred Kelsey, "Prelude in G Minor," and third, Frances Warren, "Jugglery." Voice: First, Harvey Croy, "Down to the Sea in Ships"; second, Wesley Foster, "The Poor Man's Garden," and third, Marjorie Milstead, '"Tis June, My Dear." Expression: First. Muriel Williams, "Shift of Fate"; second, Virginia Mc-Cue, "Aux Italiens," and third, Ada Ruth Alleys "For Dear Old Yale." Purchased New Studebaker. Mr. and Mrs. George Zancker have purchased a new Studebaker Royal Dictator sport model sedan. It is in two shades of tan and has wire wheels, giving it a very attractive appearance. The car is being shipped direct from the factory and will be delivered to the Zanckers the last of the week. Mr. and Mrs. Zancker sold their Pontiac sedan to Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Gerrell of the Edgar Jones players. I. 0. 0. F. BANQUET The I. O. O. F. Imperial Encampment will hold their annual banquet at the Park Cafe Monday night. About one hundred and fifty are expected to enjoy the evening. This is their annual carnival and a big time is anticipated. Sold Cultivators. Four new McCormick-Deering 2-row cultivators have been recently sold by the Connell Hardware Co. Three of them went to Ernest Sherman, John Dice and Walter Groves, all near Cameron. Beautifying the Royal. The Royal Theatre has been at tractively redecorated. , New paint has been put on the front and the wood work on the inside. It adds attrac tiveness to its appearance. VOICE LESSONS At M. W. C. Conservatory beginning May 29. For further information call S3 or 513. JOE M. WILLIAMS. (13-lt) Dr. Palm Coming May 20. Guaranteed glasses, $3 to $15. At Midland Hotel monthly. (10-tf) Calendar For the Week' The Social, Lodge, Club and (bank Eienls During the Week of .Muy 21-31. FRIDAY The east halt of the second ward Ladies' Aid of the M. E. church Will meet. Meeting place undecided. The third ward of the Ladies' Aid of the M. E. church will meet with MrB. Lestor Slayton. The fourth ward Ladies' Aid of th M. E. church will meet with Mrs. Q. W. Sherman. The Pastor's Aid Society of Presbyterian church will meet with Mrs. C. E. Ford. SATURDAY Concert in the park by Cameroa Boys' Band. SUNDAY Baptist: Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. B. Y. P. U. at 7 p. m. Evening service at 8 o'clock. Disciples: Sunday school at 9:30 a m. Communion service at 10:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. Endeavor at 7 o'clock. L. D. S. Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. Evening service, 8 p. m. Methodist: Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Morning service, 10:45. Epworth Leagues, 7 p. m. Evening service at S o'clock. Presbyterian: Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. Morning service at 11 a. m. Evening service at 8 o'clock. MONDAY The P. E. O's will meet with Mrs. L F. Graham. Mrs. O. F. Ulrich and Miss Adelaide Kemper have the sub-ject, "National Parks and Forest Conservation."The J. O. C. class of the M. E. church will meet. The place of meet-. ing has not been definitely decided upon.Official Board of Christian church will meet at 8 o'clock. Westminster Guild will meet with the Schleicher sisters. Amelia Theilmann, leader. Subject, "Japan." I. O. O. F. Imperial Encampment will hold banquet at Park Cafe. TUESDAY Regular meeting of Diamond Cross Lodge, K. of P. Temple Builders of the L. D. S. church will meet at the church, 8 o'clock. WEDNESDAY Mid-week services at the churches at 8 o'clock. THURSDAY . Regular meeting of Rotary club in Cameron Hotel at 12:15. Regular meeting of I. O. O. F. lodge. 7:30. Concert by Cameron Concert Band. Women's Council of the Christian, church will meet at the church. Department of Women of L. D. S. church will meet at church. Mrs. S. J. Sloan in charge. WINS LIFE INSURANCE HONORS G. L. Byrd of Maysville, agent in this territory for the New York Life Insurance Co., had the notable distinction of standing tenth in point of production in the entire United States in the Spring Round-Up campaign recently closed. He is a tireless worker and a square shooter and is developing a fine business. Mr. Byrd returned the last of the week from a convention of New York Lige agents held in St. Louis. Sells More (heirolets. Since the sale of a Chevrolet sedan to O. L. Dwyer last week, the following people have purchased Chevrolets from Guy H. Beatty, Cameron dealer: Charles Korneman, coupe; Or-ville Beckwilh of Amity, coach; Ira Milligan of Hamilton, ton truck; Mr. Butterfield of Oshorn, coach ; Earl Young of St. Joseph, coach, and J. D. Connell, coach. Mr. Beatty has also sold 12 used cars. UNDERWENT OPERATIONS Olin Biggerstaff underwent an operation Saturday morning at Mercy hospital in St. Joseph for appendicitis. He is getting along very satisfactorily. Miss Louise Ray of Turney was operated on for appendicitis Saturday at Mercy hospital in St. Joseph. She is improving nicely. COLLEGE CHAPEL NOTES A very interesting, program was given in chapel Friday morning. Mrs. H. J. Knoch gave a talk on "Some Folks I Have Known." Miss Ailene Brower gave a piano selection and Levi Robison sang a vocal solo. Re-elected City Manager. F. E. Lawrence has just been elect ed for the third year as city manager for Sapulpa, Okla. He is a son of Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Lawrence of thisu. city and has many friends here. Caught Large Fish. Dr. C. D. Brown, Carl Roydene and H. D. Sackett went fishing Sunday and brought back a cat fish that weighed a little over 7. pounds. Incidentally, the fish was caught in Shoal creek and the men think it a good catch. Mas Operated Upon. Mrs. C. M. Ward underwent a seri ous operation Monday morning at the Sisters hospital in St. Joseph for gall stones. She is recovering nicely. J. H. McAdoo was in Kansas Citv on business Monday. HOUSE FOR RENT Small cottage, well located, closa in on paved street; heat, water, electric lights, bathroom and garage. Fine neighborhood. Inquire at The Sun cf- Jfice or phone 707. (10-tf)
Every year in the United States alone,2,077,000 couples make a legal and spiritual decision to spend the rest of their lives together ...
(Laughter) and not to have sex with anyone else, ever. He buys a ring, she buys a dress. They go shopping for all sorts of things. She takes him to Arthur Murray for ballroom dancing lessons. And the big day comes. And they'll stand before God and family and some guy her dad once did business with, and they'll vow that nothing, not abject poverty, not life-threatening illness, not complete and utter misery will ever put the tiniest damper on their eternal love and devotion. (Laughter)
These optimistic young bastards promise to honor and cherish each other through hot flashes and mid-life crises and a cumulative 50-lb. weight gain, until that far-off day when one of them is finally able to rest in peace. You know, because they can't hear the snoring anymore. And then they'll get stupid drunk and smash cake in each others' faces and do the "Macarena," and we'll be there showering them with towels and toasters and drinking their free booze and throwing birdseed at them every single time -- even though we know, statistically, half of them will be divorced within a decade.
Of course, the other half won't , right? They'll keep forgetting anniversaries and arguing about where to spend holidays and debating which way the toilet paper should come off of the roll. And some of them will even still be enjoying each others' company when neither of them can chew solid food anymore.
And researchers want to know why. I mean, look, it doesn't take a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to figure out what makes a marriage not work. Disrespect, boredom, too much time on Facebook, having sex with other people. But you can have the exact opposite of all of those things -- respect, excitement, a broken Internet connection, mind-numbing monogamy -- and the thing still can go to hell in a hand basket. So what's going on when it doesn't? What do the folks who make it all the way to side-by-side burial plots have in common? What are they doing right? What can we learn from them? And if you're still happily sleeping solo, why should you stop what you're doing and make it your life's work to find that one special person that you can annoy for the rest of your life?
Well researchers spend billions of your tax dollars trying to figure that out. They stalk blissful couples and they study their every move and mannerism. And they try to pinpoint what it is that sets them apart from their miserable neighbors and friends. And it turns out, the success stories share a few similarities, actually, beyond they don't have sex with other people.
For instance, in the happiest marriages, the wife is thinner and better looking than the husband. (Laughter) Obvious, right. It's obvious that this leads to marital bliss because, women, we care a great deal about being thin and good looking, whereas men mostly care about sex ... ideally with women who are thinner and better looking than they are. The beauty of this research though is that no one is suggesting that women have to be thin to be happy; we just have to be thinner than our partners. So instead of all that laborious dieting and exercising, we just need to wait for them to get fat, maybe bake a few pies. This is good information to have, and it's not that complicated.
Research also suggests that the happiest couples are the ones that focus on the positives. For example, the happy wife. Instead of pointing out her husband's growing gut or suggesting he go for a run, she might say, "Wow, honey, thank you for going out of your way to make me relatively thinner." These are couples who can find good in any situation. "Yeah, it was devastating when we lost everything in that fire, but it's kind of nice sleeping out here under the stars, and it's a good thing you've got all that body fat to keep us warm."
One of my favorite studies found that the more willing a husband is to do house work, the more attractive his wife will find him. Because we needed a study to tell us this. But here's what's going on here. The more attractive she finds him, the more sex they have; the more sex they have, the nicer he is to her; the nicer he is to her, the less she nags him about leaving wet towels on the bed -- and ultimately, they live happily ever after. In other words, men, you might want to pick it up a notch in the domestic department.
Here's an interesting one. One study found that people who smile in childhood photographs are less likely to get a divorce. This is an actual study, and let me clarify. The researchers were not looking at documented self-reports of childhood happiness or even studying old journals. The data were based entirely on whether people looked happy in these early pictures. Now I don't know how old all of you are, but when I was a kid, your parents took pictures with a special kind of camera that held something called film, and, by God, film was expensive. They didn't take 300 shots of you in that rapid-fire digital video mode and then pick out the nicest, smileyest one for the Christmas card. Oh no. They dressed you up, they lined you up, and you smiled for the fucking camera like they told you to or you could kiss your birthday party goodbye. But still, I have a huge pile of fake happy childhood pictures and I'm glad they make me less likely than some people to get a divorce.
So what else can you do to safeguard your marriage? Do not win an Oscar for best actress. (Laughter) I'm serious. Bettie Davis, Joan Crawford, Hallie Berry, Hillary Swank, Sandra Bullock, Reese Witherspoon, all of them single soon after taking home that statue. They actually call it the Oscar curse. It is the marriage kiss of death and something that should be avoided.
And it's not just successfully starring in films that's dangerous. It turns out, merely watching a romantic comedy causes relationship satisfaction to plummet. (Laughter) Apparently, the bitter realization that maybe it could happen to us, but it obviously hasn't and it probably never will, makes our lives seem unbearably grim in comparison. And theoretically, I suppose if we opt for a film where someone gets brutally murdered or dies in a fiery car crash, we are more likely to walk out of that theater feeling like we've got it pretty good.
Drinking alcohol, it seems, is bad for your marriage. Yeah. I can't tell you anymore about that one because I stopped reading it at the headline. But here's a scary one: Divorce is contagious. That's right -- when you have a close couple friend split up, it increases your chances of getting a divorce by 75 percent. Now I have to say, I don't get this one at all. My husband and I have watched quite a few friends divide their assets and then struggle with being our age and single in an age of sexting and Viagra and eHarmony. And I'm thinking they've done more for my marriage than a lifetime of therapy ever could.
So now you may be wondering, why does anyone get married ever? Well the U.S. federal government counts more than a thousand legal benefits to being someone's spouse -- a list that includes visitation rights in jail, but hopefully you'll never need that one. But beyond the profound federal perks, married people make more money. We're healthier, physically and emotionally. We produce happier, more stable and more successful kids. We have more sex than our supposedly swinging single friends -- believe it or not. We even live longer, which is a pretty compelling argument for marrying someone you like a lot in the first place.
Now if you're not currently experiencing the joy of the joint tax return, I can't tell you how to find a chore-loving person of the approximately ideal size and attractiveness who prefers horror movies and doesn't have a lot of friends hovering on the brink of divorce, but I can only encourage you to try, because the benefits, as I've pointed out, are significant. The bottom line is, whether you're in it or you're searching for it, I believe marriage is an institution worth pursuing and protecting. So I hope you'll use the information I've given you today to weigh your personal strengths against your own risk factors.
For instance, in my marriage, I'd say I'm doing okay. One the one hand, I have a husband who's annoyingly lean and incredibly handsome. So I'm obviously going to need fatten him up. And like I said, we have those divorced friends who may secretly or subconsciously be trying to break us up. So we have to keep an eye on that. And we do like a cocktail or two. On the other hand, I have the fake happy picture thing. And also, my husband does a lot around the house, and would happily never see another romantic comedy as long as he lives.
So I've got all those things going for me. But just in case, I plan to work extra hard to not win an Oscar anytime soon. And for the good of your relationships, I would encourage you to do the same. I'll see you at the bar.
Every year/ in the United States alone,/2,077,000 couples make a legal and spiritual decision/ to spend the rest of their lives together ...//
And they'll stand before God/ and family/ and some guy her dad once did business with,/ and they'll vow that nothing,/ not abject poverty, not life-threatening illness, not complete and utter misery will ever put the tiniest damper/ on their eternal love and devotion.//
These optimistic young bastards promise to honor and cherish each other/ through hot flashes and mid-life crises and a cumulative 50-lb. weight gain,/ until that far-off day/ when one of them is finally able/ to rest in peace.//
And then/ they'll get stupid drunk and smash cake/ in each others/' faces/ and do the "Macarena,/"/ and we'll be there showering them/ with towels and toasters/ and drinking their free booze/ and throwing birdseed/ at them/ every single time --/ even though we know,/ statistically,/ half of them will be divorced within a decade.//
They'll keep forgetting/ anniversaries/ and arguing about where to spend holidays/ and debating/ which way/ the toilet paper should come off/ of the roll.//
And some of them will even still be enjoying each others/' company/ when neither of them can chew solid food anymore.//
I mean,/ look,/ it doesn't take a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to figure out/ what makes a marriage not work.//
And/ if you're still happily sleeping/ solo,/ why should you stop/ what you're doing/ and make it/ your life's work/ to find/ that one special person/ that you can annoy for the rest of your life?//
And they try to pinpoint/ what it is that sets them apart/ from their miserable neighbors and friends.//
And it turns out,/ the success stories share a few similarities,/ actually,/ beyond they don't have sex/ with other people.//
For instance,/ in the happiest marriages,/ the wife is thinner and better looking/ than the husband.//
It's obvious/ that this leads to marital bliss/ because,/ women,/ we care a great deal/ about being thin and good looking,/ whereas men mostly care about sex ...//
The beauty of this research/ though is/ that no one is suggesting/ that women have to be thin/ to be happy;/ we just have to be thinner/ than our partners.//
So instead of/ all that laborious dieting/ and exercising,/ we just need to wait/ for them/ to get fat,/ maybe bake a few pies.//
Instead of pointing out/ her husband's growing gut/ or suggesting he go for a run,/ she might say,/ "Wow,/ honey,/ thank you/ for going out of your way/ to make me relatively thinner."//
"Yeah,/ it was devastating/ when we lost everything/ in that fire,/ but it's kind of nice/ sleeping out/ here/ under the stars,/ and it's a good thing/ you've got all that body fat/ to keep us warm."//
One of my favorite studies found/ that the more willing/ a husband is to do house work,/ the more attractive/ his wife will find him.//
The more attractive/ she finds him,/ the more sex/ they have;/ the more sex/ they have,/ the nicer/ he is to her;/ the nicer/ he is to her,/ the less/ she nags him/ about leaving wet towels/ on the bed --/ and ultimately,/ they live happily ever after.//
One study found/ that people/ who smile in childhood photographs are less likely/ to get a divorce.//
The researchers were not looking at documented self-reports of childhood happiness/ or even/ studying old journals.//
Now/ I don't know how old/ all of you are,/ but when I was a kid,/ your parents took pictures/ with a special kind of camera/ that held something called film,/ and,/ by God,/ film was expensive.//
They didn't take 300 shots of you/ in that rapid-fire digital video mode/ and then pick out/ the nicest, smileyest one/ for the Christmas card.//
They dressed you up,/ they lined you up,/ and you smiled for the fucking camera/ like they told you/ to/ or you could kiss your birthday party goodbye.//
But still,/ I have a huge pile of fake happy childhood pictures/ and I'm glad/ they make me less likely/ than some people/ to get a divorce.//
(Laughter) Apparently,/ the bitter realization/ that maybe/ it could happen to us,/ but it obviously hasn't/ and it probably never will,/ makes/ our lives seem unbearably grim/ in comparison.//
And theoretically,/ I suppose/ if we opt for a film/ where someone gets brutally murdered/ or dies in a fiery car crash,/ we are more likely/ to walk out of that theater feeling/ like we've got it pretty good.//
That's right --/ when you have/ a close couple friend split up,/ it increases your chances of getting a divorce/ by 75 percent.//
My husband/ and I have watched/ quite a few friends divide their assets/ and then struggle with being our age/ and single/ in an age of sexting and Viagra and eHarmony.//
Well/ the U.S. federal government counts more/ than a thousand legal benefits/ to being someone's spouse --/ a list/ that includes visitation rights/ in jail,/ but hopefully/ you'll never need/ that one.//
We even live longer,/ which is a pretty compelling argument/ for marrying someone/ you like a lot/ in the first place.//
Now/ if you're not currently experiencing/ the joy of the joint tax return,/ I can't tell you/ how to find a chore-loving person of the approximately ideal size and attractiveness/ who prefers horror movies/ and doesn't have a lot of friends/ hovering on the brink of divorce,/ but I can only encourage you/ to try,/ because the benefits,/ as I've pointed out,/ are significant.//
The bottom line is,/ whether you're in it/ or you're searching/ for it,/ I believe/ marriage is an institution worth/ pursuing and protecting.//
So I hope/ you'll use the information/ I've given you/ today/ to weigh your personal strengths/ against your own risk factors.//
And/ like I said,/ we have those divorced friends/ who may secretly or subconsciously be trying to break/ us up.//
And also,/ my husband does a lot/ around the house,/ and would happily never see another romantic comedy as long/ as he lives.//
Follow our lawn repair and also yard seeding overviews of produce, grow and nurture from seed to a shiny
What's up friends, its fantastic article concerning educationand fully defined, keep it up all the time.
When the dirt under a grass has a healthy and balanced population of earthworms sometimes tiny piles of dirt or 'mud spheres'
this outstanding blog! I suppose ffor now i'll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account.
Once you set them up once they are going to mechanically present up in all off your affilliate posts!
Bumped into a couple of set up issues (all down to my ignorance) and these individuals sorted me out in minutes.
Awesome! Its in fact awesome article, I have got much clear idea on the topic of from this piece of writing.
Howdy! I could have sworn I've been to this site before but after reading through some of the post I realized it's new to me.
Does your blog have a contact page? I'm having trouble locating it but, I'd like to send you an email.
Why viewers still use to read news papers wnen inn this technologjcal globe all is available on web?
remain dormant from the cell membrane layer. With long term hsv simplex virus contamination could come up
Acyclovir, Valacyclovir, Famcyclovir in addition to Valtrex may solely supress the signs of herpes disease but not treatment.
Normal genital herpes virus virus remedy is the easiest method to heal almost any hsv simplex virus disease for great.
highly effective antiviral natural herb. Utilizing " lemon " solution being an ointment could reduce the itching along with pain Remove of olive foliage has the ability to eliminate the particular
actions provided inside HSV ERASER software. Consequently performed people have you ever heard of this program?
When you also strive to be one particular you have already been eradicate herpes an infection when compared with you
Clover and paramedic are sign that your grass may be nitrogen bad, and also requires compost or a nitrogen-weighted plant food.
my assessment of HostMonster ). It's undoubtedly a authentic internet hosting business, though I personally don't suppose all subsidiaries are
Here I describe how I developed my author interview collection and put up my newest interview with creator,
out too quickly, in addition to drying your hair out. Keeping this fact in mind when shampooing, conditioning, and styling your hair,
post and a all round entertaining blog (I also love the theme/design), I don't have time to read through it all
at the minute but I have book-marked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your posts as long as I provide credit and sources back to your webpage?
I've loaded your blog in 3 different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most.
I've lost 25% so far, and it only been 7 weeks! My nutritionist warned me that it could start quickly, but I didn't listen to him.
saying and the way in which during which you say it. You are making it entertaining and you continue to care
publish was once great. I don't realize who you are but certainly you're going to a well-known blogger if you happen to are not already.
If some one desires to be updated with most up-to-date technologies therefore he must be pay a quick visit this site
Situation: A CEO is concerned that there is insufficient fairness and accountability within her company. One manager is paid hourly and the CEO is thinking about shifting this person to salary plus bonus both to put them on par with other mangers and to create more accountability. How do you create accountability?
What exactly are you trying to achieve? An operations manager is paid competitively at hourly rates, even compared to salaried employees. The issue is that this person has no responsibility for results as they relate to the P&L. Given this, the group consensus is that it is better to have this person on an incentive program that ties compensation to the performance results that you want.
One objective is that you want this employee to contribute more to planning, strategy or the company’s attempts to develop solutions to the challenges that they face. Have you spoken to the employee about your expectations? Does the employee realize that you want or value their input? Direct communication with the employee is important.
While the employee understands his responsibilities in the operations area, be sure that he is aware that he is also important to the profitability of the company, and managing operational expenses which are contributors to that profitability. Depending upon the individual’s background, he may need training about the links between expenses and the P&L.
Adjust the employee’s compensation by switching from hourly to salary. Make the base livable, but not comfortable, and tie the bonus (which will make the total compensation package comfortable) to the profitability of the business. This will have an immediate effect.
Clearly explain to the employee that you value his creativity and input. Give this person the freedom to contribute and make it clear that his contribution is expected. Early on encourage this and acknowledge contributions in meetings.
This entry was posted in Leadership, Manufacturing & Operations, Team and tagged Communication, Employee, Expectations, Expense, Fairness, Hourly, Management, Objective, P&L, Pay, Planning, Salary, Training on November 12, 2017 by Sandy.
Situation: A company has a significant monthly payroll, and business is growing. Accounts payable collections are 90-120 days. Their challenge is to finance the gap. They have tried, but can’t get their bank to provide financing. An SBA loan will help. How do you manage cash flow gaps?
Non-bank financing offers better rates than banks, with access to cash from the lender on reasonable notice.
Investigate Lendingclub.com. They offer business loans up to $300K at 5.9%. Lendingclub.com operates by spreading the risk over thousands of investors.
Talk to lots of banks – not just those with whom who’ve worked in the past. Given your cash flow needs and good credit history, if you offer to shift all of your business to another bank you may get a more positive response. Once you have talked to other banks, let your current bank know your plans. They may become more responsive.
Change your service policy so that you give your best service to customers who pay you fastest. Once the purchasers at companies with whom you work learn about this, they will pressure their AP people to speed their payments to you.
Offer customers early pay discounts – 1% net 10 or ½ of the Lendingclub.com rate to your biggest clients.
Befriend lower level employees in client companies. Particularly those with whom you have regular business contact.
Key Words: Payroll, Financing, Accounts, Payable, Bank, Lendingclub, Non-Bank, Service, ACH, Payment, Early, Pay, Discount
This entry was posted in Finance, Manufacturing & Operations and tagged Accounts, ACH, Bank, Discount, Early, Financing, Lendingclub, Non-Bank, Pay, Payable, Payment, Payroll, Service on October 16, 2016 by Sandy.
Situation: A company’s staff is highly paid. Historically, annual raises have been 4-5%; however some individuals are above industry salary ranges. The CEO doesn’t want to lose key individuals who would be expensive to replace. The company is planning salary increases for the end of this year. If the level is lower than historic averages they are concerned about the impact. Are planning for salary increases this year? How will you communicate your decision to employees?
What’s the problem? Even in an improving economy your employees are lucky to be making what they do! On top of this, you need to consider profitability compared to last year as well as historic levels. Selectively share financial data with your employees as well as financial realities – your and their top priority are to keep the company healthy.
Gather data on salary ranges for roles in your industry. Good sources are Salary.com for national data (it may be dated) or Assets Unlimited’s Silicon Valley Survey for up-to-date salary information by industry and position. This will help you to prepare for conversations with employees who are currently paid above the range for their positions.
If you have employees above the range and do not want to give them raises, give them bonuses or spot bonuses for work well done.
Formalize your bonus system – base bonuses on performance metrics. Consider tying bonuses to net margin performance for the company or for departments that can impact new margin.
This entry was posted in Finance, Team and tagged Bonus, Communicate, Data, Historic, Impact, Level, Metrics, Pay, Performance, Positive on October 25, 2015 by Sandy.
Situation: A family-owned business has a family member on hourly pay who puts in excessive overtime. The cost of overtime significantly cuts into company profits. The CEO wants to cut back these overtime hours and get the employee to work more efficiently. At the same time, she feels that maintaining peace within the extended family is important. How do you cut excessive overtime for a single employee?
Situations like this within a family business are delicate because of relationships beyond the work place. Treat this individual respectfully, but make it clear that you have to act in the best interests of the company and all employees.
Communicate to the employee: “I don’t want to take advantage of you by requiring this much overtime.”
Let the individual know that you are looking for additional talent and want to more tightly define the roles.
Develop a company policy on overtime that limits the amount of overtime that any one individual can accrue. If anyone starts to approach this limit, then have a process in place that shifts additional overtime to others.
This is a serious problem for the company. It calls for company transformation. Enlist the employee as a champion for the cause of transforming the company. Keep this a positive vision.
If the individual is not a keeper: start controlling hours, but don’t give a raise. Let them leave on their own time.
This entry was posted in Finance, Manufacturing & Operations, Team and tagged Business, Description, Family, Hour, Job, Limit, Pay, Policy, Relationship on May 24, 2015 by Sandy.
Situation: A company pays employees based on skill level. Raises are given as an employee learns additional skills. In some cases, when they give an employee a raise, productivity drops. The company has tried other approaches including bonus systems and profit sharing but did not find these effective. How do you effectively motivate hourly employees?
Before trying a new motivation scheme, find out what matters to your employees. It may not be either bonuses or profit sharing.
Develop and send out a questionnaire listing different factors – revenue sharing, bonuses, creativity, doing quality work – ask what matters to you? Get their feedback.
People work for respect – many studies have shown that as long as the payment offered is fair, salary is secondary.
Hire an advocate for your employees – a part-time HR person. An important role for this individual will be to determine what motivates employees, what they want from their jobs, and how improvements in both processes and the working environment can boost productivity.
At companies that use the Toyota Production System employees receive points for process improvements. At the end of the year they receive a cash payout based on the points earned during the year.
Employees are rewarded publicly. The incentives are cash, recognition and respect. These companies find that recognition and respect trumps cash.
Depending upon your cost structure, it may be more productive to focus on scrap reduction. Bring in someone with experience who can find the sources of scrap. The effort will pay for itself rapidly.
During the hiring process, require educational attainment as evidence of the individual’s commitment.
Look for skills experience – machinist, etc. Match skills and experience to your needs. This will lead to faster learning curves and will help to reduce waste.
This entry was posted in Manufacturing & Operations, Strategy, Team and tagged Criteria, Employee, Environment, Feedback, Hiring, Motivate, Pay, Process, Productivity, Raises, Skill, Waste, Work on March 2, 2014 by Sandy.
Situation: A company has hired interns in the past and wants to upgrade their intern program to attract more interns from top schools. How do you attract interns from top schools?
Top schools want to build lasting relationships with the companies to whom they send interns. In addition, the ability of top schools to attract top students increasingly relies on the placement rate of the school, so this can be a win-win proposition for both company and school. Take the time to cultivate this relationship and let the school’s representatives know your intentions. Get to know the top professors in programs from which you wish to recruit interns.
Provide a high quality internship experience. Treat interns as though they were normal employees during internships. Give them a job, objectives and tell them that you will evaluate you as though they were FTEs. They will feel more like members of the team and will have a higher quality internship experience. They will likely tell their placement office and other students about their experience. Interns should understand that if all goes well, the company MAY have a job for them; no job is guaranteed.
If you want more applicants from top schools then view your internship program as an investment. Look at it as a recruiting tool, not as an expense.
Pay for interns may not be same as FTEs – frequently interns are paid less, and don’t get the same benefits as FTEs. Before you make an offer or hire, call the school from which the potential intern comes and check out the candidate’s representations as to expected salary, etc.
The CEO of a technology company has hired many engineer interns. Many of these were subsequently hired as employees. Overall their success has been good, but not fantastic. Similar to a new employee, it takes time for an intern to get up to speed.
This entry was posted in Strategy, Team and tagged Evaluation, Intern, Investment, Pay, Performance, Recruit, Relationship, School, Success, Top, Treatment on January 26, 2014 by Sandy.
Situation: A company is about to launch a Beta version of their web-based software. The CEO strives for perfection. What is sufficient for launch, and can the company tolerate imperfections in Beta version? When is “good enough” enough?
Many successful software companies – think Microsoft – have realized that finishing the last 10-20% of a new release can be as expensive and time consuming as the first 80-90%. The challenges are often greater and it’s difficult to prioritize the final pieces. So they release when the software is 80-90% complete, prioritize the final pieces based on user feedback, and focus on quick response to user feedback.
You really have no idea how users will experience a new web-based program until you hear it from them. They will tell you what does and does not need to be fixed. They may even be able to help you fix it! Craig’s list stinks from a pure GUI perspective, but is highly popular and successful.
Get the Beta program out ASAP. What you perceive as imperfections may not appear as problems to young Beta users, and may in a way add a quirky appeal to the user experience.
Find a customer or group of customers who will pay for the program. Only this proves its actual worth. There can be conditions for a Beta release and discounts, but if nobody is willing to pay, where is the value?
Consider releasing your Beta version in a college campus environment and invite both participation and feedback. College students are very web-savvy, more tolerant of Beta programs, and crave the opportunity to contribute.
As an additional bonus, when you are ready to launch, college students are great at helping you generate buzz and early adoption because they talk to so many of their friends from both college and high school.
This entry was posted in Sales & Marketing, Service and tagged Beta, College, Customer, Experience, Feedback, Good, Launch, Pay, Perfect, Software, User, Value on July 21, 2013 by Sandy.
Situation: A company is the leader in an expanding market. To sustain growth, they must transform how their people operate so that they better address and serve the needs of their target customers. How do you transform company culture?
We have a saying at Eloqua: Culture eats strategy for breakfast. More important than this year’s product strategy is the culture you build that let’s employees make decisions on the fly because they know “that’s how we do things at Eloqua.”
Look at how you pay and reward your people. We all receive bonuses on the same team metrics: company sales, profitability, and customer satisfaction. If the team wins, we all win.
We are not a democracy, but everyone has a voice. Although we make decisions as a business, we avoid top-down management. We push as much authority and accountability as far down the organization chart as we can. You can only do this well with a strong culture.
We adopted a mantra to guide our way, “Get it done – Do it right”, and a set of metrics to make it part of our culture.
We created a two-by-two grid, with “Get it Done” on the Y-axis and “Do it Right” on the X-axis on which all employees, including the Executive Team, are plotted. If rated in the top right quadrant, that employee is doing well. If someone finds himself or herself plotted in the Upper Left quadrant (getting it done, but not doing it right), that person has one quarter to improve. Lower Right people get two months. Lower lefters are out that day.
We can measure “getting it done” using standard quantitative metrics, but “doing it right” is more qualitative. We ask questions like, “Is the person a positive source of energy for the team? Does she go above and beyond for other staff and for customers?” We provide examples to help evaluators plot individual performance.
Once we instituted this matrix, one of our top selling sales reps was evaluated as being in the top left quadrant. When he only paid lip-service to changing and didn’t correct this behavior after a quarter, we let him go, numbers and all. This decision was both a major “wow” and a major win for the company.
This entry was posted in Leadership and tagged Culture, Customer, Growth, Needs, Pay, Reward, Transform on December 22, 2011 by Sandy.
how to bevel wood by hand learn about the three main arguments on bevel orientation number of planes to.
bevel wood by hand boo ,bevel wood by hand sliding gauge the apprentice and journeyman,bevel wood by hand how to use a chisel the family handyman , making a jig for cutting miters and bevels bevel wood by hand, using a sliding bevel to transfer angles and mark on wood by hand, bevel wood by hand how to break an edge, bevel wood by hand block plane basics,bevel wood by hand knotted smoked oak engineered flooring ,big horn 7 1 2 sliding t bevel wood handle blackened steel by hand,making trees into toothpicks since the bevel wood by hand.
* Offers tough,durable,transparent surface while keeping the LCD screen,and body,clean and unscratched.
More businesses than ever are incorporating online video into their marketing strategies, and for good reason. The fact many people don't realise is that simply producing and uploading a video isn't enough. Millions of videos are uploaded every day but sadly a huge percentage of these are ineffective.
As a professional Production Company we see the misguided errors that others don't. Here's a list of 12 common online marketing video mistakes and a few tips on what to look out for.
Trying to appeal to too many demographics never works. Business owners constantly fall into this trap. Video needs to be focused and produced in a way that effectively appeals to a closely defined target market.
Tip: Think about your target audience and why they should be interested. Your video can't be everything to everyone.
Piling on too much information is a major factor why the key points to communicate get lost. Is the message clear and direct?
Tip: It may be better to have several short, topic related videos than one that tries to do everything. What will your target audience want to learn? Put yourself in their position.
If your video is too long, your viewers will become impatient and leave. A video viewed only half way through is a opportunity lost in full.
Tip: We all know the saying "Less is more". Unless you know your audience will watch lengthy content, keep it between 30-180 seconds.
How many times have you clicked away from a video because you became bored, it didn't engage with or inspire you? How many have to seen that are same"ish". How much of those do you remember?
Tip: Determine what your target audience will be interested in; not what "you" might be interested in. Satisfy their emontions. Creative content is more interesting and more memorable. Choose a specialist Corporate Video Production Company that thinks differently. Listen to its ideas.
People don't visit websites to watch adverts; they see enough of those on TV. Whilst it's important that a video effectively promotes a product or service, it's important to not deliver a heavy sales pitch.
Tip: Focus on educating and/or entertaining the viewer. Treat your viewers as intelligent individuals and show that you care.
Many videos aren't promotional enough. Moving pictures over background music, alone won't influence outcomes. If your video doesn't deliver a clearly mapped out objective, it has no more value than photo's.
Tip: Work with a marketer or specialist Video Production Company that has marketing expertise. They will help you focus upon the goal of your video, writing a storyline to influence what your viewers think and how they react.
What's the point of producing great video that people never see? Online videos often have differing objectives. Some videos might be better suited to pages other than the home page. They should be "appropriately" placed and where visitors will be looking.
Tip: Embed your video where people visit and expect to see it. Add search engine optimisation to help visitors find those pages. Analytics data can identify page visits and video views.
Going viral can incur additional costs (up to £1000 per 10,000 hits using an agency). A video might be seen by millions but bring in less revenue than a more targeted video. For example a "local" business may not be suited to a worldwide client base. From a marketing point of view, this doesn't make commercial sense.
Tip: Stay focused on your target audience. Actively promote your video within your sphere of influence. Don't let "going viral" cloud your vision.
If you upload your video to YouTube then just leave it to chance, you're very likely restricting the reach of your video. YouTube is a social sharing site so if you embed YouTube directly into your web page it can recommend similar classifications to your viewers (maybe directing to a competitor).
Tip: Upload your video to other video sharing sites as well, such as Vimeo. Use titles, descriptions, keywords to assist SEO. If you embed YouTube directly into your web page, uncheck the box that suggests other videos when yours finishes. Promote through social medai platforms.
They might be funny, but if you're running a serious business, a "cute cat" video is only going to confuse people and most likely won't promote your company effectively.
Tip: Work with a creative marketing agency to create an effective concept. If you don't have the funds for this, make sure the Video Production Company clearly understands how your brand works. Brand is not a logo; it's your entire company ethos.
Poor quality and amateurish video has a negative effect. It creates an instant perception of "small time", insufficient ability and care to do a job properly. It can do more harm than good and potentially more damage than all the other mistakes combined. You won't get a second opportunity to make a first impression.
Tip: A professional corporate video production will reinforce that you do things properly. It will show the importance you place on quality and underpin the value of your products or services.
If you think amateurs in your own business sector can't achieve your standards of expertise and professionalism, why might you think you can produce a professional quality video?
Tip: Engage a professional Corporate Video Production Company with the skills, resources and marketing expertise to make sure your video reflects the quality of your brand and achieves your objectives.
Section 212 of Companies Act, 2013 – Investigation into affairs of company by Serious Fraud Investigation Office | Corporate Law Reporter
Section 212 of Companies Act, 2013 – Investigation into affairs of company by Serious Fraud Investigation Office
[Effective from 1st April, 2014, except sub- section (8) to (10) which is effective from 24th August, 2017, and referencing of sub-section (5) of section 140 made in sub-section (6) which is not yet effective]
(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 210, where the Central Government is of the opinion, that it is necessary to investigate into the affairs of a company by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office—
(b) on intimation of a special resolution passed by a company that its affairs are required to be investigated;
the Central Government may, by order, assign the investigation into the affairs of the said company to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office and its Director, may designate such number of inspectors, as he may consider necessary for the purpose of such investigation.
(2) Where any case has been assigned by the Central Government to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office for investigation under this Act, no other investigating agency of Central Government or any State Government shall proceed with investigation in such case in respect of any offence under this Act and in case any such investigation has already been initiated, it shall not be proceeded further with and the concerned agency shall transfer the relevant documents and records in respect of such offences under this Act to Serious Fraud Investigation Office.
(3) Where the investigation into the affairs of a company has been assigned by the Central Government to Serious Fraud Investigation Office, it shall conduct the investigation in the manner and follow the procedure provided in this Chapter; and submit its report to the Central Government within such period as may be specified in the order.
(4) The Director, Serious Fraud Investigation Office shall cause the affairs of the company to be investigated by an Investigating Officer who shall have the power of the inspector under section 217.
(5) The company and its officers and employees, who are or have been in employment of the company shall be responsible to provide all information, explanation, documents and assistance to the Investigating Officer as he may require for conduct of the investigation.
(6) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (2 of 1974), [1][ offence covered under section 447] of this Act shall be cognizable and no person accused of any offence under those sections shall be released on bail or on his own bond unless—
(i) the Public Prosecutor has been given an opportunity to oppose the application for such release; and
(ii) where the Public Prosecutor opposes the application, the court is satisfied that there are reasonable grounds for believing that he is not guilty of such offence and that he is not likely to commit any offence while on bail:
Provided that a person, who, is under the age of sixteen years or is a woman or is sick or infirm, may be released on bail, if the Special Court so directs:
Provided further that the Special Court shall not take cognizance of any offence referred to this sub-section except upon a complaint in writing made by—
(ii) any officer of the Central Government authorised, by a general or special order in writing in this behalf by that Government.
(7) The limitation on granting of bail specified in sub-section (6) is in addition to the limitations under the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (2 of 1974) or any other law for the time being in force on granting of bail.
[(8) If the Director, Additional Director or Assistant Director of Serious Frauds Investigation Office authorised in this behalf by the Central Government by general or special order, has on the basis of material in his possession reason to believe (the reason for such belief to be recorded in writing) that any person has been guilty of any offence punishable under sections referred to in sub-section (6), he may arrest such person and shall, as soon as may be, inform him of the grounds for such arrest.
(9) The Director, Additional Director or Assistant Director of Serious Fraud Investigation Office shall, immediately after arrest of such person under sub-section (8), forward a copy of the order, along with the material in his possession, referred to in that sub-section, to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office in a sealed envelope, in such manner as may be prescribed and the Serious Fraud Investigation Office shall keep such order and material for such period as may be prescribed.
(10) Every person arrested under sub-section (8) shall within twenty-four hours, be taken to a Judicial Magistrate or a Metropolitan Magistrate, as the case may be, having jurisdiction:
Provided that the period of twenty-four hours shall exclude the time necessary for the journey from the place of arrest to the Magistrate’s court.][2]
(12) On completion of the investigation, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office shall submit the investigation report to the Central Government.
(13) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act or in any other law for the time being in force, a copy of the investigation report may be obtained by any person concerned by making an application in this regard to the court.
(14) On receipt of the investigation report, the Central Government may, after examination of the report (and after taking such legal advice, as it may think fit), direct the Serious Fraud Investigation Office to initiate prosecution against the company and its officers or employees, who are or have been in employment of the company or any other person directly or indirectly connected with the affairs of the company.
(15) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act or in any other law for the time being in force, the investigation report filed with the Special Court for framing of charges shall be deemed to be a report filed by a police officer under section 173 of the *Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (2 of 1974).
(16) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act, any investigation or other action taken or initiated by Serious Fraud Investigation Office under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956) shall continue to be proceeded with under that Act as if this Act had not been passed.
(17) (a) In case Serious Fraud Investigation Office has been investigating any offence under this Act, any other investigating agency, State Government, police authority, income-tax authorities having any information or documents in respect of such offence shall provide all such information or documents available with it to the Serious Fraud Investigation Office;
(b) The Serious Fraud Investigation Office shall share any information or documents available with it, with any investigating agency, State Government, police authority or income-tax authorities, which may be relevant or useful for such investigating agency, State Government, police authority or income-tax authorities in respect of any offence or matter being investigated or examined by it under any other law.
[1] Substituted by the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2015 vide Notification No. S.O. 1440(E) dated 29th May 2015. Prior to substitution it read as under:
“the offences covered under sub-sections (5) and (6) of section 7, section 34, section 36, sub-section (1) of section 38, sub-sections (5) of section 46, sub-section (7) of section 56, sub-section (10) of section 66, sub-section (5) of section 140, sub-section (4) of section 206, section 213, section 229, sub-section (1) of section 251, sub-section (3) of section 339 and section 448 which attract the punishment for fraud provided in section 447”
[2] Notified vide Notification No. F. N0. 1/12/2013 CL-V dated 24th August, 2017 which shall be effective from 24th August, 2017.
Companies (Arrests in connection with Investigation by Serious Fraud Investigation Office) Rules, 2017
Rule 2. (1) Where the Director, Additional Director or Assistant Director of the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (herein after referred to as SFIO) investigating into the affairs of a company other than a Government company or foreign company has, on the basis of material in his possession, reason to believe (the reason for such belief to be recorded in writing) that any person has been guilty of any offence punishable under section 212 of the Act, he may arrest such person;
Provided that in case of an arrest being made by Additional Director or Assistant Director, the prior written approval of the Director SFIO shall be obtained.
Rule 3. Where an arrest of a person is to be made in connection with a Government company or a foreign company under investigation, such arrest shall be made with prior written approval of the Central Government.
Provided that the intimation of such arrest shall also be given to the Managing Director or the person in-charge of the affairs of the Government Company and where the person arrested is the Managing Director or person in-charge of the Government Company, to the Secretary of the administrative ministry concerned, by the arresting officer.
Rule 4. The Director, Additional Director or Assistant Director, while exercising powers under sub-section (8) of section 212 of the Act, shall sign the arrest order together with personal search memo in the Form appended to these rules and shall serve it on the arrestee and obtain written acknowledgement of service.
Rule 5. The Director, Additional Director or Assistant Director shall forward a copy of the arrest order along with the material in his possession and all the other documents including personal search memo to the office of Director, SFIO in a sealed envelope with a forwarding letter after signing on each page of these documents, so as to reach the office of the Director, SFIO within twenty four hours through the quickest possible means.
Rule 6. An arrest register shall be maintained in the office of Director, SFIO and the Director or any officer nominated by Director shall ensure that entries with regard to particulars of the arrestee, date and time of arrest and other relevant information pertaining to the arrest are made in the arrest register in respect of all arrests made by the arresting officers.
Rule 7. The entry regarding arrest of the person and information given to such person shall be made in the arrest register immediately on receipt of the documents as specified under rule 5 in the arrest register maintained by the SFIO office.
Rule 8. The office of Director, SFIO shall preserve the copy of arrest order together with supporting materials for a period of five years
a) from the date of judgment or final order of the Trial Court, in cases where the said judgment has not been impugned in the appellate court; or
b) from the date of disposal of the matter before the final appellate court, in cases where the said judgment or final order has been impugned, whichever is later.
Rule 9. The provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (2 of 1974), relating to arrest shall be applied mutatis mutandis to every arrest made under this Act
(see rule 4 and 5 of the Companies (Arrests in connection with Investigation by Serious Fraud Investigation Office) Rules, 2017)
Whereas, I……………………………………………..Director/Additional Director/Assistant Director authorised in this behalf by the Central Government, have reason to believe that ……………………………..[name of the person arrested] resident of………………………………… has been guilty of an offence punishable under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (18 of 2013).
Now, THEREFORE, in exercise of the powers conferred on me under section 212 of the Companies Act, 2013 (18 of 2013), I hereby arrest the said………………………………….[name of the person arrested] at…………….hours on ……………………and he has been informed of the grounds for such arrest.
In the presence of the following witnesses, the personal search of Sh. (Name with Alias of the Arrestee) S/o (Parentage of the Arrestee) R/o (Address of the Arrestee) was conducted as per law (as per the provision of section 51 of Cr.P.C) and following articles have been taken into possession, through this memo.
[1] Inserted by the Companies (Arrests in connection with Investigation by Serious Fraud Investigation Office) Rules, 2017 vide Notification no. G.S.R..1062(E) dated 24th August 2017.
Constitution of two Review Committee (s) for reviewing the 10 year old and above cases of different regions and in office of SFIO for withdrawal of prosecutions – regarding
Pursuant to a reference received from the Hon’ble Minister of Law & Justice and Electronics & IT, Sh. Ravi Shankar Prasad regarding reducing the arrears and backlog of cases in courts and the need to review all pending court cases, a Special Arrears Clearance Drive is initiated in the Ministry.
2. Keeping in view the above, Ministry has decided to constitute two Committees at Head Quarter which will review the cases under their jurisdiction. The Committees would review and recommend the details of cases in which prosecutions are required to be withdrawn including the reports submitted by the Regional Director (s):-
3. In this regard, Regional Committee (s) are already formed. Copy of the Orders forming such Regional Committee (s) is attached.
4. The following guidelines may be followed while performing the duties assigned to the Committees:-
(i) The Committee may invite any official person (s) having acknowledged expertise in the matters for discussion.
MCA notifies companies (Arrests in connection with Investigation by serious Fraud Investigation Office) Rules Aug 28, 2017
From Reality TV to Executive Interviews and Corporate Meetings Steven has a very broad range of Video Production Experience.
Steven has over twenty years of experience in Audio Visual Technical Direction. He assists Meeting Planners with executing flawless corporate meetings. He has domestic and international audio visual expertise.
Steven’s image making roots began in still photography. He has covered everything from the Olympic Games to NASCAR auto racing. His photographs have been published worldwide.
TCS was founded by Steven Digges in 1999. Prior to that time Steven honed a very unique set of skills. His high technical aptitude allowed him to excel in the corporate audio visual arena, eventually becoming a Technical Director. His background in commercial still photography, combined with his technical expertise led to a natural transition into video production. Today, The Corporate Show specializes in video production and audio visual production for clients worldwide. Steven is here to combine technology and his creative art experience for your next project.
The chair collection, titled “Font”, is a family of chairs, lounge chairs and barstools. All typologies are available with or without armrests. The name of the collection and its chairs refers to fonts and derive from the variating thickness of each typologies cushion and backrest. The chair is regular, the lounge chair bold and the barstool light. All typologies are interconnected through the design language which evolves from circle geometry. For the chair versions with armrests, the main design feature is the curved backrest and how it extends into the armrest, far enough to embrace the sitting person.
Please note that the piping can be ordered in another colour or fabric/leather then the rest of the upholstery.
MobiFuQ.com - best high quality mobile sex mp4 videos. Watch Amateur, Asian, Beautiful girls, Blonde, Blowjob, Brunette, Busty, Creampie, Dildo, Fucking, Gorgeous, Hardcore, Horny, Indian, Latina, Lesbian, Party, Reality, School girls, Shaved pussy, Teen and Threesome free porn movies. Check it out and find videos that make you horny. You wont ever regret visiting our wap sex tubes and watching free sex mp4 videos. If you prefer fetish videos, there is an entire section of the website dedicated to that type of porn. Mobi Fuq is dedicated to bringing you the highest possible quality of various porn niches sorted in many different categories. No need to waste any more time on various other websites when you can enjoy completely free porno flicks on our tube. Videos found in this segment are of maximum quality, our Xxx Tube have collected the best porn in Mp4 format, get it free for your mobile or watch with your pc! Make sure you bookmark to us and enjoy your stay on Mobifuq sextube network.
Play online mobile games for free in our online games section. We offer action, sports, racing, puzzle, adventure, and other fun online games at Kidzworld
The apocalypse has begun! Defend the earth from falling asteroids with your phaser guns! Don't let them hit the planet or you will be lost!
40 minutes of aerobics type stuff with weird half-squats, half push-ups and lots of running on the spot and jumping. It was weird but I won't lie - It was pretty intense and I got a good sweat going. Don't know if I'll go again, but it's always good to try new things..
24 swings each round. Forearms got pretty blown up. First 3 rounds finished around 52 seconds, had to break last 2 rounds but managed to finish inside the minute..
Don't know why but had the urge to run and just went for it. Felt good, one big hill which I didn't stop running up so that was good.
well it was supposed to be. My wife was doing some KB swings (which are getting really good by the way, she can manage a set of 21 eye-level swings with a 16kg KB now) so I decided I would do one max set of eye-level KB swings with my 24kg KB. I managed 50 before my grip was screaming and my lower back was getting tight so I stopped.
Decided to do a long chipper because I've never done anything like that before. Found one that has been on Rogue Columbus's blog recently..
Took me 36 minutes. Pretty embarrassed at the time to be honest. My grip was absolutely shot and lower back was stiffening up after every movement.
Was a good test and was really worn out at the end, but not sure how many times I'll do something like this..
Melissa managed to eye-level swing the 24kg KB about 5 times which is pretty awesome, onwards and upwards from here..
Missed about 5 toes to bar in the last round. Stomach muscles are pretty tired now.. Beautiful afternoon out, going to go for a nice walk with my wife in the botanical gardens.
Huge PR, by about 3.5 minutes so that was good. Surprising sometimes what we're capable of ay, ha. Everything easy except pushups, broken up from round 4 onwards..
Still a really difficult movement for me. I can do 152.kg x 3 of Back Squats, and 130kg x 3 x 5 sets of Front Squats yet 70kg x 3 is so difficult for me. Maybe I should video myself and get some pointers. I guess I just gotta keep practicing this movement. The 40kg sets at the end felt real good though - the positioning was just right and I could've managed more. I should give Nancy a try sometime..
Legs had no pop, was a struggle the whole way. Did 20 jumps, then 15, then pretty much all 10's from there on..
At home brother in law came over and did a workout on my gear. He managed sets of 5 x 75kg Squats which is pretty good, finds it hard to go to full depth though (he's about 115kg and 6'3 so long legs, etc).
He did it in 5 minutes. A bit easy I think, heavier KB and higher box jump next time if he does it again.
What are people's thoughts on a good old fashioned soak in a cold/ice tub? I hear people that swear by them, while others say they do more harm than good.
I don't know or tend to care about the science behind any of it - nothing about what I'm doing necessitates the need. I don't get paid to do any of this.
Sounds like a terrible idea. I've crossed rivers of freshly melting glaciers (bouncing off bottom to get across), jumped in pools, been outside all night in the rain on the ground, feel over on ice, played sports in bare feet on frosty ground .... all of these things suck the kumara.
I can't imagine an ice-bath being all that much more enjoyable. So for those reasons, I'm against it.
I tend to agree with the other posters in the thread, in that I am not really a fan of cold therapy. I don't mind hopping into a 78F° swimming pool, but the few times I've ended up in 55F° water have been miserable. Maybe ice baths are best reserved for mental toughness training, regardless of any potential physical benefits or detriments.
Science doesn't support the use of cryotherapy (ice baths) for an increase in the speed of recovery.
I've never done one, and I never plan on ever doing one either. I wouldn't recommend doing it, unless you just really love taking ice baths for fun.
When I played college football, it was common to have large ice bathes at the ready after fall camp practices for the players.
I used them daily. It was painful getting in them, but I always felt great coming out. I am not saying that it did or didn't do anything for my recovery...but I felt as though it did help.
What felt like it had a larger impact on recover was alternating back and fourth between ice bathes and heat bathes. 5-10 minutes in each for 2-4x each. Whether or not it actually helped be on a biological level can be debated...but it certainly helped on a psychological level.
I would distinguish ice baths to recover from a hard workout from ice for an injury. In the case of the latter, I think the prevailing wisdom is shifting and ice is not favored for injuries... ...except maybe for pain control.
In terms of the former, a cold soak or ice bath to speed up recovery from a hard effort, well I have done that many times following long runs (Saturday morning 12-14 milers) and long bike rides (metric centuries on a road bike in less than 3 hours as a regular Saturday training ride or a 2+ hour hard mountain bike ride). My belief is the cold bath (not ice but cold as in maybe 50 degree mountain river water at the coldest up to about 68-70 degree water in my pool) helps speed recovery. That is my perception. Maybe it is placebo. Who knows. But it helped enough in my assessment where I kept on dong it.
Now that I am a full fledge CrossFit devotee there aren't regular long runs or rides like that in my training anymore, so I have stayed away from the pool and haven't felt the need.
Agreed Steve Wingo. My sports Dr, has me ice, I was in the same camp as K Star. But I did it to see. It helps maintain inflammation.
Joe Rogan just had Wim Hof, aka the Iceman, on. They had a pretty interesting discussion of ice baths, cryotherapy, breathing, body temperature, etc.
PISTACHIO CREAMER & DRINK: This is the latest dairy-free nut drink trend. It's a great source of healthy (monounsaturated) fats as well as plant protein and it contains natural plant sterols which work positively with the blood cholesterol levels; and resveratrol – the antioxidant made famous from red wine.
© 2018 Cerealthy® plant-based instant powder non-dairy milks & vegan superfoods drinks to arrive on cerealthy.com
Note: If you wish to advertise on Beniel´s Business Directory, , send us an e-mail at publicidad@murcia.com
- The forum is controlled by the chairperson so that unqualified; publicity or unsuitable messages, according to the rules of use, can be eliminated
- portaldebeniel.com is not responsible for verifying the authenticity of the information introduced by the users nor guarantees the fulfilment of the rules of use on behalf of the users. If a user should detect inappropriate use of the forum they can contact us at portaldebeniel.com via the following e-mail address info@portaldebeniel.com
Subject Northern State University--Periodicals; Northern State University--Students--Newspapers; College Newspapers; Northern State College -- Periodicals
Transcription 03 ( Photo by Cletus Tho James Ward performed a benefit concert on the campus, for World Hunger. Board of Regents Stiffens Requirements For Students in Teacher Education by Paula Laubach The Board of Regents has issued new system-wide teacher education minimal standards, effective for enter-ing freshmen in the fall of 1983. They require teacher education students: 1) To complete all academic re-quirements in DESE and NCATE ap-proved programs of study for their teaching major including requirements in general education, professional education, and the major/minor teaching field requirements; 2) to maintain a 2.5 cumulative GPA; 3) to maintain a 2.6 GPA in their major and professional areas; 4) to successfully complete additional coursework and/ or activities if prescribed at entry level; and 5) to receive a satisfactory written evaluation of student teaching. NSC has been meeting all the re-quirements except those concerning GPA. Both NSC requirements are both standing at 2.2. This could present a problem for those students who may not decide to enter the teaching program until several semesters of their education has started; or for those students transferring to South Dakota schools from other states, if either have not maintained the required GPA. Mrs. Grabowska, assistant pro-fessor, Dept. of Education, stresses for those students entering college next fall and thereafter to "have extremely close and sensitive advisement from their advisors, and the advisors must make sure the students are aware of the requirements for entering teaching program." Mrs. Grabowska predicts the students will stick to safe courses where there is no real danger of a low or borderline grade. "This raise in the GPA will most like-ly eliminate teachers who are shaky on subject matter, but will not identify those who have skills in human rela-tionships that are basic in good teaching," according to Mrs. Grabow-ska. What has prompted the Board of Regents to review the teaching re-quirements and change them in such a way as to cause question and possible problems with the states we have teaching reciprocity with? Plain and simple public opinion of our present-day teachers. The main thing that our high schools can do to help the students is stress the basic reading, writing and arithmetic, so the students are ready for the academic skills college requires, said Grabowska. At this point it is hard to tell just how many possible good teachers this could affect. For GPA is not all that constitutes a good teacher. There is one possible out that all can take heart in. One clause is: each institution within its professional responsibility may permit exceptions based on stu-dent's potential. Helen Grabowska is heed of teacher education at NSC. NORTHERN EXPONENT NSC, S. Jay St., Aberdeen, S.D. Volume 82, Issue 12 February 17, 1983 "In Pursuit of Excellence" Non-Profit Org. U.S. Postage PAID Aberdeen, S.D. 57401 Permit No. 77 Nuclear Education Group Organizes on Campus Photo by Steve Redwing ) This model of the proposed physical education building for Northern came a step closer to being a real feature on campus when the State Affairs Committee sent the $8.9 million plan to the Appropriations Committee last week. On Wednesday, February 23rd at 4:00 p.m. an organizational meeting will be held to form a local core unit of the national Ground Zero organiza-tion. Membership will be open to all Northern State College students, faculty, staff and interested members of the Aberdeen community. The meeting will take place in the Memorial Union Coffeehouse, Northern State College. The Ground Zero organization exists to help Americans confront and under-stand the nuclear war problem so that they can work, as a nation of concern-ed individuals, to find alternative ap-proaches to the threat of nuclear war. Ground Zero does this by: (1) edu-cating citizens about the various aspects of the threat of nuclear war; and (2) involving them in the political process so that they can work with the government and national security ex-perts to find constructive approaches to dealing with international conflicts and other factors that could lead to nuclear war. At the organizational meeting, the structure, functions, and potential of the Ground Zero education group will be further elaborated and discussed. Physical Education Building Plan Gets Senate Committee Approval by Virginia Snyder The NSC physical education facility plan was approved by the South Dakota Senate State Affairs commit-tee. The committee voted 7-2 to send the $8.9 million athletic building pro-posal to the appropriations committee, which will decide when and if the state can build the facility. The committee also sent five other plans for the state's public colleges and universities to the appropriations com-mittee. These five other plans, however, were ranked higher than the NSC building by the Board of Regents. The committee's action means that it feels the buildings are worthwhile, but should only be built when the state can afford them, said Senator Homer Harding, R-Pierre, the committee's chairman. The regents have moved the NSC arena up to fourth position, leaving three facilities with a higher priority in the Board of Regent's eyes. The three buildings given top priority include the renovation of an armory at USD, a hor-ticulture building at SDSU and a building at USD-Springfield. In December, Aberdeen voters ap-proved a $2 million bond issue to help build the complex. The building plan depends on whether a fund that collects 20% of students' tuition can be used only to build projects and maintain existing buildings on the states' campuses, Regent President Bill Srstka said. Governor Bill Janklow has recom-mended using about $2.5 million from the special fund in non-building areas in his budget request for the upcoming fiscal year.
The wide-spread interest in the genetics of maize, coupled with the uncertainty as to the number of chromosomes occurring in this species prompted the investigation which is here reported. From a review of the literature it appears that Kuwada (1911, 1915, 1919) is the only worker who has reported extensive counts of maize chromosomes. His results are summarized in table 1. Variations were reported in the number of chromosomes both within and between varieties as well as between different cells of individual plants. He concluded that sweet varieties are usually characterized by having twelve chromosomes, and starchy varieties by having ten, as the haploid number. Several exceptions were recorded, as shown in the table. With one exception his sweet X starchy hybrids were considered as having a haploid number of ten chromosomes. The pollen mother cells of a single plant of Black Mexican had one univalent and eleven bivalent chromosomes, while cells of the root-tip had twenty-three chromosomes. He considered that this had been caused by non-disjunction. According to Kuwada's counts the haploid number varied as much as six chromosomes within some varieties. Since completing the investigation which follows, a brief paper has appeared by Longley (1924) concerning chromosome numbers in maize and related species. Four varieties including Chinese and Tepic maize are reported as each having a haploid number of 10 chromosomes.
We will reset your account and send you a new activation email. Follow the link contained in the email and you will be able to set a new password.
Download ICC Pro Cricket game for Windows XP/Vista/7/8/ and Mac OS X. Install ICC Pro Cricket for pc. Play this awesome game on your big. Ea Cricket PC is sports game, the cricket world cup game is on the Australia vs New Zealand, ICC Cricket World Cup Final: Watch Free Live. ICC Cricket World Cup is a Sports game. This game is developed by EA. WC was the 11th Cricket World Cup. It consist of fourteen teams from.
Indiagames, an interactive arm of Disney India and a reputed developer as well as a publisher, has launched the ICC Pro Cricket game for both PC and. Download cricket world cup games free for pc kickass. In this game Come and download the icc absolutely for free. Fast downloads. Welcome to Cricket. 7 Feb The ICC Cricket World Cup is a mere seven days away and we fully expect mobile, PC, and even consoles to see their fair share of cricket. 12 Feb The "official" ICC Cricket World Cup video game, ICC Pro Cricket (Also see: How to Watch Cricket World Cup Live on Your PC. 6 Feb Disney India launch official ICC Cricket World Cup game - ICC Pro experience as close to the real game on-ground as possible, for PC.
9 Feb MMGN: Disney India is releasing ICC Pro Cricket , the official game of the World Cup, for iOS, Android and PC later this week. 27 Mar Metacritic Game Reviews, ICC Pro Cricket for PC. For ICC Pro Cricket on the PC, GameFAQs has game information and a community message board for game discussion. 5 Feb By Luke Reilly Disney India's interactive arm has today revealed ICC Pro Cricket for PC and smartphones. The game is being developed.
EA Cricket is a series of cricket video games published by EA Sports and designed for the Cricket was offered for the PlayStation and PC. . Also, Australian players are blended into World squads of ICC Super Series, but all the. Supriya. 97 98 'Cricket becomes Australia's No.1 participation sport' 99 cesarnebreda.com-cricket cesarnebreda.com feeble-womens-sport-all-over-tv/ Posted 30 October , Access 20 March Hotstar - Watch free online streaming of your favourite TV serials & movies - Hindi , Tamil, Bengali & more with Live cricket streaming & highlights at India's. Our company has done pioneering work in showcasing cricket in an we will continue to innovate and extend the excitement of cricket through to '. that 'cricket is a religion in India – the interest, passion, and emotion this game Davis: 'we need to get to fans wherever they may be – whether via TV, mobile, or PC'.
Directed evolution harnesses the procedures of Darwinian evolution for biomolecular engineering aims. This class will start with essential ideas in evolutionary biology and go forward for the experimental evolution strategies as well as their applications.
My benefits have been wonderful in previous and in The existing 12 months also. Emphasis will likely be on marks oriented review as well as deep understanding of the topic. I'm accessible for extended hours for the duration of exam time and...
Preliminary information on prototyping and fabrication procedures for biomedical and wearable microdevices.
I have been instructing the fluid mechanics for previous 6 a long time to college students. I have great understanding on fixing of problems in addition to I am able to manual the students in an even better method to reach academics and in study elements.
For undergraduate Engineering majors in supervised but impartial studying, research, or layout. College students taking specific review for style and design credit score are to post a prepared paper on the teacher and also to the coed Affairs Office environment in the School of Engineering.
Regardless of whether you’re trying to find help in higher education or college or simply want to spice up your know-how, there is nothing more practical than being taught by a...
Individual exploration or investigation carried out in preparing for the dissertation demanded for the Ph.D. diploma.
Theory and exercise of recent nanoscale imaging techniques and purposes. Traces the event of microscopy from historic situations to modern-day techniques used for visualizing the nano-world from atoms to molecules which includes fingers-on experience within the laboratory.
This milestone would not have already been accomplished without the commitment of our quality group along with the cooperation and enthusiasm of our Highly developed Production team.
Nanoscale elements as well as experimental and computational procedures accustomed to measure their Attributes. Mechanical actions is the primary concentration, but other content Attributes for instance diffusion and electron transport are talked over.
Hello there! I simply need to provide you with an enormous thumbs up in your terrific facts you have got right listed here on this publish.I will probably be coming back to your site For additional before long.
Interpretation and demanding evaluation of current cardiovascular exploration in fundamental science, software of engineering instruments, and medical cardiology and cardiovascular surgery. Open up only to graduate pupils engaged in exploration.
Ways of discrete choice Assessment as well as their purposes in the modeling of transportation techniques. Emphasis on the event of the audio idea of theoretical areas of discrete option modeling which are handy in many applications in travel demand analysis.
Introduces basic ideas of nuclear chemistry and focuses on chemical engineering components of the nuclear energy business. A broad survey with the nuclear gas cycle (uranium processing, reactor concepts, expended fuel treatment Web Site and repositories) will be given.
A beautiful couch, a stunning rug and luxurious pillows to match your fabulous new color scheme. You picked out some great elements for your newly decorated living room but something is missing. You spent months looking for the perfect couch and the right rug to go...
Every year the Pantone Color Institute announces what they feel will be the color of the year. They base there selection on “what we see taking place in our culture that serves as an expression of a mood and an attitude.” For 2016, Pantone introduced two...
It goes without saying that Cedarburg is a wonderful place to live. I could go on and on about how and why I love living and raising my family in this city. The shops, the community, the natural beauty and resources, and did I say the SHOPS?! For years,...
Wether you have wall to wall carpet or hardwood floors, area rugs can add style and balance to any room. But let’s face it, choosing an area rug isn’t as easy as it looks. There are a few questions you need to ask your self before even searching for the right...
Slipcovers make BIG changes with LITTLE effort! Sometimes slipcovers get a bad rap. Almost like they are only for covering up or hiding bad furniture. This is far from true! Often, I meet clients who have grown tired of their current decor but a complete overhaul...
The easiest way to transform a room or add a bit of color to a room is through pillows! Layering beautiful colors, textures and coordinating patterns can add so much character to a simple couch or chair. As a designer and a seamstress I see how putting together the...
decorative metal trash can styles comfy garbage applied to your residence idea painted dragonfly gallon free with cans.
decorative metal trash can luxury copper stainless bin with plastic bucket waste for bag holder cans h.
decorative metal trash can vintage galvanized zinc wheeling garbage bin by steel small with lid outdoor ca wire.
The English often call a fruit seed other names, like pip. A large pit could be called a stone. Avocado usually has a seed, and if not it turns out to be a small fruit, called a "cuke". Well that's a different story. Sometimes little hard stones form in the flesh that are unrelated to germination. These stones are unpredictable and uncommon. A friend has said that if an avocado gives you a stone, turn it into a pearl. These stones are that rare. Art Schroeder from UCLA described them without much attribution to their cause, but gave them a good name - sclerocarpelosis. You can read his description in the 1981 California Avocado Society Yearbook which is available at Avocado Source:
We're holding two early December trainings on invasive polyphagous and Kuroshio shot hole borer biology, identification, surveillance, and management of infested trees and downed wood. We'll cover these topics in the classroom, then head outside to see infested trees and learn how to identify signs of shot hole borer damage, set up a monitoring program, and sample trees.
Of the many known varieties, they fall into three broad categories based on whether they are of the Mexican, Guatemalan or West Indian races of Persea americana, the avocado specie and the crosses that occur between these races. For example, ‘Hass' has the thick skin of the Guatemalan but turns black like a Mexican. Generally speaking, California varieties have been the result of crossing between the Mexican and Guatemalan races. West Indian race varieties are not common here because of their generally lower cold tolerance. There are lots of factors approaching the identification of an avocado and its origins, and here is a brief run down on those that need to be considered.
Is it a grafted tree, or is it a known variety with known characteristics which the tree can be compared to? Look for the change in bark texture at the base of the tree where the graft was made.
The combination of all these factors go into describing a variety and distinguishes it from other varieties. When varieties have mixed parentage, they will take on those characteristics of each parent, so often the lines of either Mexican or Guatemalan get blurred.
In 1911, the avocado was a relatively new crop in Southern California and the great USDA plant explorer Wilson Popenoe (pronounced POP e Noe according to Jack Shepherd), describes avocado culture and its problems
This is from the first volume ever of the Pomona Journal of Economic Botany which also has a nice description of "wither tip" of citrus in Santa Paula.
Although the main objective of herbicide use in avocado orchards (and all crops) is to manage weed populations, sometimes unintentional injury of the crop itself can occur when herbicides are incorrectly applied. Herbicide injury in avocado can reduce yield, decrease fruit, reduce plant vigor, increase susceptibility to diseases and pests, and sometimes result in plant death. Common situations resulting in injury include spray drift, tank contamination, application of the wrong herbicide or rates, and herbicide carryover from a previous crop. The extent of herbicide damage on avocado can vary widely according to factors such as herbicide mechanism of action (MOA) and application rate, route of exposure, plant size and growth stage, soil properties, and weather.
Herbicide injury can be difficult to diagnose properly and is often confused with disease, insect damage, nutrient deficiencies, and other environmental stresses. It is recommended that trained researchers or Pest Control Advisers, who may utilize plant tissue, make diagnoses or soil samples along with plant symptoms, injury progression, and other plant species affected, orchard herbicide use history, weather conditions, and other factors to confirm or rule out injury from herbicides or other causes.
Where the injury occurs can also be an indication of herbicide injury. For example, if injury is on just one side of a tree or trees near another field, it may be an indication of spray drift. If it occurs only along the edge of the skirts, it may be a hint that an uneven ground spray was applied.
The majority of herbicides for use in avocado orchards in California fall into eight MOAs as defined by the Weed Science Society of America. MOAs describe the specific biological processes that are disrupted by a group of herbicides. These processes control the growth and development of plants and when interfered with, can result in plant injury or death.
Prevents the transfer of energy generated during photosynthesis, causing a buildup of reactive molecules that damage chlorophyll and cell membranes
Chlorosis, necrosis progressing from leaf margins toward the center of the leaves, foliar applications will appear as leaf burn
Leaves of trees and vines become chlorotic 3 to 7 days after exposure, and margins of new leaves become necrotic
Inhibits production of carotenoid pigments, which harvest light and protect chlorophyll from reactive molecules
Blocks the production of chlorophyll and causes a buildup of reactive molecules that damage existing chlorophyll, carotenoids, and cell membranes
Drift injury will appear as speckling on leaf tissue. The necrotic spots are sometimes surrounded by a reddish colored ring. Injury from soil applications or residues appears as a mottled chlorosis and necrosis.
1Not a complete list. Symptoms listed are likely for established orchards. For detailed descriptions of MOAs and injury symptoms, as well as a searchable database of specific injury images (e.g., “chlorosis, necrosis, stem swelling, etc.” visit http://herbicidesymptoms.ipm.ucanr.edu.
Interior, Betaalbare Meubelwinkels was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Betaalbare Meubelwinkels has viewed by 17004 visitor.
Interior, Praxis Glasweefselbehang was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Praxis Glasweefselbehang has viewed by 82307 visitor.
Interior, Tv Meubel Kleine Ruimte was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Tv Meubel Kleine Ruimte has viewed by 92592 visitor.
Interior, Houten Huishoudtrap was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Houten Huishoudtrap has viewed by 92382 visitor.
Interior, Van Kempen Makelaars was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Van Kempen Makelaars has viewed by 48503 visitor.
Interior, Houten Trap Te Koop was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Houten Trap Te Koop has viewed by 34876 visitor.
Interior, Mooie Stoelen was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Mooie Stoelen has viewed by 26609 visitor.
Interior, Spiegelkast 120 was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Spiegelkast 120 has viewed by 11365 visitor.
Interior, Kleine Voortuin Ideeën was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Kleine Voortuin Ideeën has viewed by 43785 visitor.
Interior, Goedkope Decoratie Woonkamer was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Goedkope Decoratie Woonkamer has viewed by 12509 visitor.
Interior, Luxe Vakantiehuis was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Luxe Vakantiehuis has viewed by 11930 visitor.
Interior, Vitrage Kant En Klaar was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Vitrage Kant En Klaar has viewed by 43053 visitor.
Interior, Industrie Lampen was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Industrie Lampen has viewed by 40264 visitor.
Interior, Zwembad Spelletjes was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Zwembad Spelletjes has viewed by 81218 visitor.
Interior, Kruidvat Amstelveen was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Kruidvat Amstelveen has viewed by 11482 visitor.
Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport as Your Reference » Excellent Information When It Comes To Home Design, Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport Home design is simply as challenging while you allow it to get. In case you are ready to find out and take the time to permit new ideas kitchen sink in, you can expect to quickly see your good results. The guidelines from the report above were actually all tried and tested by many prior to, and may easily are employed in your favour also.
detroit cheap hotels from Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport, Take it with you when shopping for drapes or other decorating resources picture got from: comparestoreprices.co.uk.
hyatt regency dearborn detroit metropolitan area dearborn from Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport, Bring it along when shopping for curtains or other designing supplies picture via from: destination360.com.
You should make a decision Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport which kind of feeling you desire the space to obtain before beginning any layout operate. Emotions can be striking and extravagant or relax and soothing. When you know what experiencing you desire Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport your room to offer you, you will recognize that it’s much better to prepare jobs to complete the room Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport layout.
Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport as Your Reference » Use functional furniture when beautifying a smaller size space. An ottoman is an excellent decision. It can be used for chairs or even a dinner table, and you will even store things inside of, if it opens up. Things that have several reasons are successful room savers for a small place.
hotel holiday inn ann arbor near the univ of mi ann arbor from Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport, Bring it along with you when buying drapes or some other decorating resources picture via from: hotelsclick.com.
belleville fotos besondere belleville mi bilder from Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport, Bring it along when shopping for curtains or some other designing resources looks downloaded from: tripadvisor.de.
red roof inn ann arbor u of m south tourist class from Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport, Take it along with you when buying curtains or other decorating supplies picture got from: travelweekly.com.
salluit photos featured images of salluit nunavik from Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport, Bring it together with you when buying drapes or any other beautifying resources looks sourced from: tripadvisor.ca.
Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport as Your Reference » Get your couch cushion store shopping with you. It may possibly really feel silly, but consuming together element of your sofa could help you save a lot of time money. Take it together with you when buying drapes or any other decorating components. Using this method, it will be possible to make certain that Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport everything suits.
Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport as Your Reference » Lamps are a fantastic addition to any home because these could be within the family room or appropriate by your side within the bed room. In addition these products give you extra light-weight to learn and create, but they can give your house a classical appear and go with a number of designs.
Let you to Pick toilet lighting meticulously. In the washroom, just one business expense lighting will cast an undesirable shadow, Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport making it tough to implement makeup products or shave. A Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport sconce on both sides of your medicine case will provide a much amount of lighting, great for grooming. Incandescent lighting is preferable to phosphorescent lighting fixtures, which can produce a bluish color of Red Roof Inn Detroit Metro Airport.
If you love the farmhouse shabby chic look then you will enjoy making these natural burlap ornaments .They will look so rustic-chic decorating a Valentine's gift, hanging from a doorknob, or tucked into a wreath or centerpiece.
Burlap hearts and banners could make a cute personalized touch for your wedding day, but you can use it to decorate your home.
Labels: burlap, country style, crafts for adults, eco gift, gifts, handmade, handmade burlap ornaments, heart ornament, hessian, presents, rustic home decor, sewing, shabby chic, wedding, workshop
Hello, We are Suzanna and Lily.We have been making different art&craft things since we were children. We learnt how to make felt since 2001.We have learned from renowned feltmaking masters like Judit Pocs/Hungary,Leiko Uchiyama/Japan,Faith Roper/England, and Istvan Vidak/Hungary. We have held numerous craft workshops for adults and children in Ireland/Chester Beatty Library/ and abroad. We offer contemporary craft workshops for adults of all experience levels in felting techniques , paper crafts, salt dough ceramics, textile arts and mixed media techniques. Come and join us in one of our wide variety of fun and informative workshops.Our emphasis is on personal attention so our class numbers are kept small for you to get the most from the workshops.Its a great place to meet new people and spend a couple of hours making something creative.We suplly all the things you'll need to create your own pieces so you take home a fabulous completed item good enough to give away as a gift or to keep for yourself. We are members of the Feltmakers Ireland and the Craft Council of Ireland.
hanging glass window decorations uk stained decor for windows ed blown,stained glass window decorations uk wax hanging decorative windows film custom wardrobe doors church,stained glass christmas window decorations hanging blown hangings also designs,glass window decorations uk how to decorate windows for kids hanging stained,glass wax window decorations stained christmas coloured with of a flower chalice within,glass window decorations uk stained hanging,how to make stained glass window decorations coloured sticker decor uk,shop stained glass window decorations on wax coloured tissue paper winter,glass wax window decorations uk stained here come the girls christmas,how to make stained glass window decorations hanging decoration.
Ok, this is not exactly the ONLY food stuff I bought but I generally went for grocery purchasing on the first night I was there to try out some of the things that other folks have been raving about. FashionGo permits you to shop the complete LA Style District and a lot more from the comfort of your home, elimintating all charges you would’ve acquired from traveling to Los Angeles (if you do not reside close). And that indicates there’s tons of reasonably priced, yet trendy buying in independent shops as properly. There are also totally free concerts from 2pm to 5pm.Â Different genres of artists transform the corner of the industry into an open stage for music, dance, overall performance art etc, and the crowd is as wildly enthusiastic as any audience at a large concert. In reality, Korea has a a lot greater credit card usage price than nearly any other country in the world.
Younger shoppers usually shop at Designer’s Club, Migliore Valley, Nuzzon and Gwanghee Fashion Mall, even though middle-aged shoppers have a tendency to favor purchasing at Jeil Pyeonghwa, and Heungin Stardom. And in Dongdaemun, retailer owners at the slightly more upscale Doota are not allowed to bargain, so they do not care as significantly if you pay by credit card (although they can give you a free of charge belt or other accessory if you acquire a few things in cash). Buying is taken to the extremes here in Seoul – from the thousands of beauty solution shops in Myeongdong to the wee hour purchasing here at Dongdaemun!Â Dongdaemun is Korea’s largest wholesale and retail purchasing district featuring 26 purchasing malls, 30,000 specialty shops, and 50,000 manufacturers. The shipping receipt indicated it was shipped January 16, nearly a complete month right after we paid.
Buying at these shopping malls felt like the purchasing experience in Platinum Mall of Bangkok except that it is far more costly (tops expense around S$30 – S$45) but these garments are more trendy and of far better material than those you uncover in Bangkok.Â Most of these clothing boast of the label Made in Korea” so these are not supposed to be cheap imports from China, thus the value.Â Verify the labels ahead of you purchase – at least they must say made in korea just before you splash out 40 bucks for them.
It’s two times bigger than COEX Mall — making it the biggest shopping center in the capital (I consider there’s someplace larger in Busan — a port city in the southeast, but media reports are scant). In fact, I have purchased cosmetics in other areas in Seoul that gave me complete sized goods as free of charge samples”. To be protected, go to Insa Korea (positioned across the street from 7 Eleven) which has a couple of dozen stalls with dependable sellers. Just simply because you see a lot of on-line shops claiming they never have the duty over the things they ship after they ship it, does not mean it is proper. Go to Lotte Department Retailer, then go ice skating, see a film, go to Lotte Globe —the world’s largest indoor theme park, a duty cost-free shop and folk museum.
Ok – I believe you got my point to purchase skincare items in Myeongdong but interestingly, Myeongdong is not just about skincare products – there are many other shops selling fashionable garments, belts, watches, ties, T-shirts and shoes at the makeshift street stalls as well as in purchasing malls in the region. When it comes to purchasing garments in Korea, the wholesale clothes markets concentrated in Dongdaemun are becoming Korea’s major purchasing centers. Causeway Mall has lots of Japanese and Korean trendy clothing for girls and juniors at affordale rates that are certain to make you a profit.
This has to be the ultimate in sun protection short of wearing a beekeepers’ outfit when you go outside. The Solar Face Shield offers a 7″ tinted see-through shield that gives you 50+ UPF for maximum facial sun protection. It has a detachable sports strap and a padded head band for a …
There’s often a fine line between genius and ridiculous and in the case of the TV Hat, that line depends on whether or not you’re wearing the hat. The TV Hat is simply a hat or visor with an extended brim and some flaps to both hold your iPod and block out ...
Our hero is beginning to lost his patience. Not only have his powers still not returned but the annoying residents of the strange tree slash shack are really starting to grate on his nerves. He really wants to get a move on on his journey unfortunately, without his powers, that would be a fools journey. Still, there might be a way to see what is going on with him and his new friend and involves going back into his head and back to his lovely teacher. He will ask her why his powers have yet not returned and why his new friend ...s all the time, but first...it has been a long time. Story & Art by AUDITOR OF REALITY.
If you have a question or need to tell Ben something about your order, you can email him at ben@onepagebible.net or use the form below. Thanks!
The purpose of Church of the Spiritual Path is to promote spiritual Unity with the Creator and all living things on our Mother Earth.
Within this purpose the Church's objectives are to protect, conserve, support, educate, and promote Indigenous cultural, social, medicinal and spiritual values through:
· Working towards the unification of Indigenous and non-Indigenous people and their organizations, to intensify efforts in search for peace, harmony, and mutual support.
· Presenting public and private lectures and workshops on topics pertaining to the promotion and preservation of Indigenous culture, our natural environment, and natural healing.
· Acting as a consulting agent and educational resource of spiritual and cultural information for community groups, schools and public institutions.
· Supporting Indigenous peoples of the world in their plight and struggle for survival and preservation of our Mother Earth. Our survival and strength lies in the unity of our families, our clans, our communities, our peoples.
Unbelievably they do have a website and far from the evil plotting men in hoods or religiosity they are another think tank.
The Club of Rome was founded in 1968 as an informal association of independent leading personalities from politics, business and science, men and women who are long-term thinkers interested in contributing in a systemic interdisciplinary and holistic manner to a better world. The Club of Rome members share a common concern for the future of humanity and the planet.
The aims of the Club of Rome are: to identify the most crucial problems which will determine the future of humanity through integrated and forward-looking analysis; to evaluate alternative scenarios for the future and to assess risks, choices and opportunities; to develop and propose practical solutions to the challenges identified; to communicate the new insights and knowledge derived from this analysis to decision-makers in the public and private sectors and also to the general public and to stimulate public debate and effective action to improve the prospects for the future.
The Club of Rome, in its early years, focused on the nature of the global problems, the “problematique”, on the “limits to growth” and on new pathways for world development. The Club of Rome is focusing in its new programme on the root causes of the systemic crisis by defining and communicating the need for, the vision and the elements of a new economy, which produces real wealth and wellbeing; which does not degrade our natural resources and provides meaningful jobs and sufficient income for all people. The new programme will also address underlying values, beliefs and paradigms.
The Club of Rome publishes its findings in reports and, since its founding, has released 33 reports concerning the future of humanity.
The Club of Rome currently consists of approximately 100 individual members; over 30 national and regional associations; the International Centre in Winterthur, a European Support Centre in Vienna and the Club of Rome Foundation, which provides the opportunity for major individual donors to be involved, to participate in the development and dissemination of the Club’s projects and messages.
In April 1968, a small international group of professionals from the fields of diplomacy, industry, academia and civil society met at a quiet villa in Rome. Invited by Italian industrialist Aurelio Peccei and Scottish scientist Alexander King, they came together to discuss the dilemma of prevailing short-term thinking in international affairs and, in particular, the concerns regarding unlimited resource consumption in an increasingly interdependent world.
Each participant in the meeting agreed to spend the next year raising the awareness of world leaders and major decision-makers on the crucial global issues of the future. They would offer a new and original approach in doing this, focusing on the long-term consequences of growing global interdependence and applying systems-thinking in order to understand why and how it was happening. The Club of Rome was born.
The originality of their approach soon became clear. In 1972 the campaigning of this growing group of like-minded individuals gained a new worldwide reputation with the first report to the Club of Rome: “The Limits to Growth”, commissioned by the Club from a group of systems scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The Report explored a number of scenarios and stressed the choices open to society to reconcile sustainable progress within environmental constraints.
The international effects of this publication in the fields of politics, economics and science are best described as a ‘Big Bang’: over night, the Club of Rome had demonstrated the contradiction of unlimited and unrestrained growth in material consumption in a world of clearly finite resources and had brought the issue to the top of the global agenda.
With its focus on long-term vision and provocative scenarios, the report sold more than 12 million copies in some 30 languages worldwide.
Building on this success, the Club of Rome membership grew as it continued to produce reports on the global issues it identified. Particularly, the goal of raising long-term awareness among world leaders and decision-makers regarding the delicate interaction between human economic development and the fragility of the planet was achieved, contributing to the establishment of Ministries of the Environment in numerous countries.
During the eighties, the Club of Rome continued its high-level work on a global scale. It contributed significantly to the development of the concept of sustainability, which has played an important role in highlighting the interdependence of environment and economics.
At the same time, the Club of Rome broadened the scope of its work and advanced the global agenda in the fields of education, welfare and environment. Contemporary Club of Rome reports such as Microelectronics and Society, The Future of the Oceans or No Limits to Certainty reflected common preoccupations and the growing complexity and interrelation of major global issues.
Building on the work of the eighties, the Club of Rome continued its work in the nineties by focusing on major issues such as the Digital Divide between North and South, global governance and cultural diversity. Reports such as The Capacity to Govern and Factor Four: Doubling Wealth – Halving Resource Use and No Limits to Learning were particularly influential during this period in pointing the way towards solutions.
This period also saw the emergence of several National Associations of the Club of Rome, where interested individuals would pursue activities at a national level in line with the mission of the International Club, expanding the involvement in and output of the Club as a whole.
Despite these activities, the influence that the Club of Rome had come to enjoy in its early years had started to diminish as perceptions moved towards the view that global issues would be resolved through the “Magic of the Marketplace”. Other civil society initiatives began to compete with the activities of the Club, as it struggled to communicate its ideas to the international community and to attract the interest and participation of younger generations.
At the beginning of the 21st Century, international problems such as rising global inequality, the consequences of climate change and the overuse of natural resources have proved that the Club of Rome’s fundamental views are broadly correct and have revived interest in its activities: unlimited consumption and growth on a planet with limited resources cannot go on forever and is indeed dangerous.
In recent years, the Club of Rome has embarked on a whole new range of activities and has modernised its organisation and its mission. Its commitment to finding new and practical ways of understanding global problems and turning its thinking into action are as strong as ever.
The size and number of the National Associations have continued to grow: there are now over 30 worldwide with a membership of over 1,500 committed people in five continents. They have become pillars of the Club’s global work, expanding and strengthening the activities and awareness of the International Club with assistance from the Club’s European Support Centre in Vienna.
In early 2008, The Club of Rome relocated its international secretariat from Hamburg, Germany to Winterthur (Canton Zurich), Switzerland. It has established a new team and is working in close cooperation with a number of private and educational institutions, as well as finding new ways to involve the general public. Since May 2008, it has also launched a new three year programme, A New Path for World Development, which will be an important focus of the Club’s activities until 2012.
Ok so what we have here is a group of thinkers who get together and discuss "stuff". "Stuff" dealing with the issues of their places in the world. It starts out small and is now a giant entity. So they can talk they have a right to their opinions... right? Yes there should never be a law against the proper and civilized gathering of individuals who are like minded to entertain discussion. But its WHO is talking and the ideas that flow out of these discussions are slowly making their way into the lives of those who had NO say in the matter. It is also the area of talk... FINANCE. Money answers all things writes the Proverbs Little Preacher, Solomon. It is even said to be a Defence. So those who control the money flow control the wisdom flow and the decision flow of the world. We are talking mega corporations and multi national consortiums here folks. The money issue is ever having to be adjusted. As the Economies go, so too go the Nations.
Blast Force. Tap for fire and move right. Hold then release for power shots. Video here. Use Magnifier.
Flossy Siege. Drop various objects on top of attacking crocodiles to repel their attacks. Requires accurate timing skills.
The Pyramid: Retro Remakes 2006 competition Winner. One of the most accessible games to date, and great fun to boot.
The following list details some of the mounts that can help players in their gaming. These can aid switch users to position their controls at the best angle for the part of body they are using. They can also help other gamers to better position things for their reach. Seek advice from the suppliers below and let them know what it is you are trying to achieve. Please feel free to e-mail for help if you have no luck with the following.
A range of highly versatile switch mounting solutions. These highly flexible mounts are amongst the safest to use by switch users with involuntary movments as they tend to give a litle if hit hard.
Amongst the least expensive of mounting solutions. The Gorillapod Go-Go comes with a suction cup and adhesive stickers so should mount to almost anything. It may be wise to add your own velcro mounts to this item.
Cheap D.I.Y. moutning methods exist and this excellent range of Enable Ireland YouTube videos are very useful.
Plastic pellets that can be hand moulded into almost any shape once warmed up in water, then hard-set once they cool down again.
Some excellent and inexpensive options such as the Switch Poser for mounting switches and other assistive technology.
Laptop mount ideal for many wheelchair users. A portable and comfortable velcro surface ideal for placing switches.
Industrial Strength velcro such as "TX9 Velcro" from Ability World makes semi-permanent fixings (may require industrial strength glue).
Trabasack sell short lengths that come with two different strengths which are very useful and work great with Trabasacks..
TLWMSN Blog - Kate Aherne's list including D.I.Y. ideas for low cost switch mounts. Also consider Foam, Polystyrene and small bean-bags or heat-packs.
Mounts and More (UK) - specialise in mounting solutions as do their European partner TechCess Europe.
I have been racing since my 12th year in Flipper, Fireball, 470, 505, Flying, Dutchman, Dragon and Danish one designs - 101, X79, X99, Luffe 37 and BB10. I have represented Denmark in more than 20 World and European Championships. Since 2007 I have been racing the Dragon at national and international events. I won the Dragon European Championship in 2011, won bronze in 2013 and finished 6th in 2016.
If you are searching for idea at house pattern, that D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink photograph is a method of obtaining determination. The application is a good idea so you might submit an application this style with D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink pic so that you can prettify your household. You can see this D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink pic indicates a wonderful pattern which will stun anybody. You can actually adopt a lot of tips with D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink snapshot just like substances, colors, and additionally trend options. A house since D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink pic illustrates can send out pleasant truly feel. Through the use of styles with D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink graphic, you will generate your household usually look refreshing along with modern. A stunning model is among the most merits which you can obtain if you ever apply that variety of D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink picture to your dwelling. You will be able to like the details of D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink picture that is published concerning September 29, 2017 at 10:25 pm with High Definition quality. 1 website visitors up to now is evidence that a lot of consumers similar to the pattern D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink pic illustrates.
Exactly, the resolutions associated with D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink image actually is 1067 x 800 as well as the size is actually 65 KB. You can acquire this particular D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink graphic simply by clicking this link, and it is also 100 % free. In addition to to be able to publish D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink photograph to your internet site, you need to always are the form hyperlink. You need to sole use D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink photograph to get very own intent, possibly not with regard to business intention. If you would like have more information on property model, after that you can discover D2 Furniture snapshot stock. I highly recommend you benefit from D2 Furniture Happy D2 Sink snapshot and D2 Furniture pic collection.
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on Home Design website that is not Home Design property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does Home Design claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
“Archaeology, history, genealogy and prayer are the overflowing drawers into which we throw our thoughts of earlier generations”. From David W. Anthony (2007), The horse, the wheel and language.
This website is dedicated to organising my “overflowing drawers” of family history research, tales, notes, photos and memorabilia. Family history research is always “work in progress” so more material will be added over the coming months.
Charts or diagrams of families can be produced in many styles. Indeed within this website we have three styles.
There are always pieces of memorabilia which do not fit into the neat categories of family tree programmes.
Subject California Baptist University -- Students -- Periodicals. College student newspapers and periodicals -- California.
Description The Banner is the student newspaper of California Baptist University. It has been in continuous publication since 1952.
it’s great , but i’d rather prefer some more homepage layouts to show posts more attractively and to have sections in the home page for every kind of category
fun relay games for preschoolers outdoor adults kids races indoor water play activities,fun relay games for preschoolers top excellent water kids with pictures and video outdoor adults kindergarten,5 summer relay games for family reunions outdoor preschoolers fun adults,games relays team building fun relay game ideas outdoor for adults families,outdoor relay games for preschoolers group training with relays races fun families elementary students,8 fun relay races for kids games and celebrations outdoor adults preschoolers kindergarten,relay race fun starfish therapies games for kindergarten bootcamp families,fun relay games for adults outdoor 7 to make running kids bootcamp,more awesome games for kids fun relay bootcamp outdoor preschoolers elementary students,fun relay games for adults game ideas outdoor best water.
I know this if off topic but I'm looking into starting my own weblog and was curious what all is required
I'm not very web savvy so I'm not 100% positive. Any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated.
stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you've got the opportunity, Guess I will just bookmark this page.
Studying this info So i am satisfied to exhibit that I've an incredibly just right uncanny feeling I came upon exactly what I needed.
Mai is not exceptionally well-known today, but it was fairly popular at the time of its translation - probably more so
Usually I do not learn post on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to take
Good answer back in return of this question with firm arguments and telling the whole thing concerning that.
type of kinship with Turm, Mai claims, I don't like fighting any person - especially you!" It's then that Mai discharges her initial psychic blast in the whole collection, which incinerates your house, eliminating Turm.
Hey! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment form?
Whether these are big companies to even small enterprises, enterprise homeowners choose to rent exterior events for
About halfway via the story, the Wisdom Alliance sets up Turm Garten, an entirely amoral 13-year-old Eastern German female that likewise racked up
My partner and I stumbled over here coming from a different page and thought I may as well check things out.
Tags: All-in-ones, Nappies, All in one, nappy, diaper, nappies, diapers, cloth nappies, material diapers,
Nicely the truth is affiliate marketiung has some sticky points - so you actually have to align your stars good tto make it work.
Hosting- Think of internet hosting as renting slightly apartment in cyberspace on your domain identify to reside.
and also Herpes virus Simplex. Well the following I am about to look at genital herpes virus virus contamination along with how could
a extremely contagious viral skin an infection that may be brought on by the actual herpes virus 1 along with herpes virus only two.
Many sufferer don’t feel that herpes virus is usually a curable condition but in the opposite give many people feel that herpes virus is really a treatable an infection via home remedy intended for herpes disease.
the indicator regarding hsv simplex virus contamination. These kinds of medicines usually are not demonstrated to kill the herpes virus for
defence mechanism. Currently I will give you some herbal treatments, fresh diet as well as excellent ingredients
These effective medications usually are turned out to eliminate the herpes simplex virus for good plus are usually proved to avoid
anti-viral qualities that really helps to boost immune system regarding genital herpes virus virus individual.
You can also work with cooking soda to help run dry this lesion as well as wintry uncomfortable in order
Should you want to improve your immunity process after that you will need to adhere to the aforementioned offered strategies.
Do you have a spam issue on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was wanting to know your situation; we have developed some nice practices and we are looking to swap techniques
Actual estate buyers know the market you might be promoting in. They are not put off by stains on the carpets,
I've loaded your blog in 3 completely different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most.
future and it is time to be happy. I've read this post and if I could I desire to suggest you few interesting things or tips.
counsel you some attention-grabbing issues or advice. Perhaps you can write next articles relating to this article.
Because of that, knowledge that is stored by the users throughout the cloud companies remain absolutely safe and secure
I think everything posted was very reasonable. However, think on this, suppose you typed a catchier title?
I ain't suggesting your content is not solid., but suppose you added something to maybe get people's attention? I mean GRIMAUD ET LA QUEYRIERE
By giving Senske Services with a cell phone number, I agree that Senske could contact me on that number including however not limited to obtaining
prerecorded or artificial voice messages, and/or text to review my account, existing and also possible future solutions, customer service and
I used to be recommended this website by my cousin. I am not sure whether this submit is written by him as nobody else recognize such unique about my difficulty.
Kazumasa Hirai was brought in to successfully manuscript some Japanese charm into point, and Ikegami-- possibly noticing that no
This company absolutely offers one of the best and low-priced internet hosting companies, in addition to
to only use these trays in the jaws for 45 mins every day during the period of 3 days to receive outcomes.
Due to this strategy you are going to find the features of the constant email during a period of moment without the hassle of strips.
Furthermore, a lot of people complain they are not helpful and had been discontented utilizing the results.
at a dentist's company. Numerous patients report serious discomfort and susceptibility following the technique, also to the point they may have problems diet solid foods.
on a certified tooth brightening method. As experts in their subject with use of today's feeting des technologies de
Aquafresh White Trays (approximately $37) enable you to just don these trays inside your teeth for 45 minutes each and every day
method one will find the great things about the constant get in touch with during a period of your time without the presense of irritation of
Those who do not want to give up the benefits of the height for it without risking the health of their feet,
For reasons uknown, the very first perception constantly very important in the our society just where every publication is evaluated by the address.
enamel which enhanced my favorite esteem, and enabled us to smile more and seem considerably enjoyable and out-going.
Today i'm like smiling at all times and that is certainly also without the hesitation and concern about display my favorite your teeth.
may have constantly hoped for. This specifically created serum rapidly removes exterior stain and penetrates big to take out enclosed stains.It works great on stains a result of coffee drinks, tea,
JAKARTA, PP - Hari ini Presiden RI Ir Joko Widodo secara sah menerbitkan 'Perpres Nomor 87 Tahun 2016 tentang Satuan Tugas Sapu Bers...
While on vacation just snap a few photos and then later at night send PostaGram postcards back home.
Step 2. Click the "Create PostaGram Account" button. You will receive an email to confirm your account.
Country: US United States Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Republic Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Federated States of Micronesia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Republic Gambia Germany Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lesotho Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tom� and Pr�ncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Pierre and Miquelon Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Islands Yemen Zambia
This device runs Linux on an ARM Cortex 600MHz CPU, 1GB RAM and 32GB HDD, and it is more a portable computer than a mobile phone, thanks to its 3.5” touch screen (800×480 resolution) and the embedded keyboard. Right now, my N900 is still charging (minimum 6 hours initial charge I was told!) so I haven’t had the chance to play with it yet, but I plan to explore it tomorrow evening. Stay tuned!
Archives Select Month April 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (2) July 2016 (1) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (2) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (2) May 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (1) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) December 2012 (2) April 2012 (2) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (1) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (2) July 2010 (2) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (1) January 2010 (1) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (1) September 2009 (1) July 2009 (1) June 2009 (2) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (2) February 2009 (2) January 2009 (2) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (2) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (4) August 2008 (11) April 2008 (1)
Sacred Art. Bold Apparel. Quality Gifts. Long recognized as the leading innovator and creative manufacturer of the Catholic Market, Nelson Fine Art & Gifts is most diverse, American-made vendor around. Located in Steubenville, Ohio, the Nelson Family and their friends seek to give God glory through the work of their hands every day they are in the workshop.
Ethnic Products, Key Chains, Mugs, Pens, Pillows, Food, Candy, Coffee, Dolls, Decals Holy Water Fonts, Gifts
This is a placeholder page for Randy Valleroy, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Randy Valleroy.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Randy Valleroy. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Randy Valleroy. We created this page automatically in hopes Randy Valleroy would find it. If you are not Randy Valleroy, but are an alumni of Perryville High School Perryville, MO, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Perryville High School	of Perryville, Missouri
This free Kinney county rx card program is being produced to help all Americans cut their prescription drug costs. Simply download your FREE Kinney county rx card and receive savings of up to 75% at more than 57,000 national, regional, and local pharmacies. Start Saving Today!
CountyRxCard.com has produced a small informational video commericial. County Commisioners are Helping all patients understanding on how easy it is to use this Kinney county rx card.
Every now and again, you could have a light bulb appear above your mind that signals a genius strategy that you know can help your small business. Whenever your bulb starts blinking, ensure that you’re willing to get the business efforts working. Search on the internet marketing advice provided below so you’re capable to discover how to proceed.
Your signature and link should happen in every post you will make on any message board. All emails needs to have your website’s address within your signature. It becomes an great way to market your business without actively being forced to “talk it” to others. On top of the link, type a captivating line that encourages those to click on the link.
Analyzing the competitors is essential to website marketing success. It doesn’t matter what market you have, there is always competition.
One smart method to develop a contact list is to generate a squeeze page. Squeeze pages effectively prompt any visitor to provide their email address for something in exchange. To help you get website visitors to give their email give you a free item. Folks are very likely to accomplish something for yourself should you something for them how to stop procrastinating
Making your website stand out is a superb Web marketing advantage you may use. Making your web site stick out is exactly what drives visitors towards your web site, and there are plenty around so this is a great strategy. Highlight something which you provide however your competitors will not this can be a surefire method to grab attention.
When setting up your internet site, it is vital that you be extremely content oriented. You must give your prospects the data they want to enable them to make informed decisions about their purchases. Don’t include useless information, and get away from repetition.
When only starting out, tend not to undertake a lot of, rather you can start small. Search engine listings may well be more very likely to overlook your site when it has a million or two indexed pages, than when it has only ten to twenty thousand.
Online marketing campaigns should encourage development of this strategy. It appears a little strange, although the basic idea this is to make a cycle of clients as well as a system wherein users search, find your company, buy your products, and so the cycle repeats.
Use searches for images in order to boost your Web marketing. When you have relevant photos on your own site, the desire for your website might be increased because you are not counting on text searches only. Those who are just looking for information might miss your blog. This will make them more informed about your enterprise and they can return should they enjoy it.
Being sure that you’re in the good position to make a profit is an essential thing. Utilize the strategies discussed here to generate an inventive approach for your specific niche. With a bit of knowledge and energy, you are sure to obtain achievement..
Contango is an elegant, simple and clean design, emphasis on content. This theme is powered with custom menu, custom background, custom header, sidebar widget, featured image, theme options, nice typography and built-in pagination features. Contango Theme is suitable for any business or personal website. The Theme can work for various different niches. Contango is translation-ready and so much more.
Institute of Engineering and Technology is an Institute directly run by University of Calicut. In order to govern the Institute, a Governing Body has been constituted with special powers to supervise and monitor all its activities.
The Governing Body is supervising the whole functioning of the Institute with keen interest and enthusiasm to establish the Institution as a "Centre of Excellence".
When it comes to kids, I know a thing or 2...or 5! As you probably know by now, David and I have 5 wonderful ones of our own: Rebecca, Corinda, Valerie, Natalia and Gabe, now ranging in age between 19 and 29. In all those years, I have worked full time as a neuroscientist, then part-time and eventually after Natalia was born, I became a full time stay-at-home mom; so I think ... Read More »
An independent urgent care practice seeking to add a Nurse Practitioner or Physician Assistant. The practice is urgent care, with some scheduled appointments. The operational hours are from 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. Monday - Saturday with some scheduled appointments. Lab and x-ray are on the premises. Inpatient is referred to local hospitalists.
An evangelical, life-affirming ministry seeking a Clinic Manager to provide supervision of medical services, in addition to training and day-to-day management of staff and volunteer medical personnel. The Clinic Manager is responsible for coordinating workflow of medical services (pregnancy testing, limited obstetrical ultrasound, medical education), ensuring that all care is provided in accordance with professional standards, the Medical Director’s standing orders, and the Center’s ministry values. Training in sonography available for applicants without prior ultrasound experience.
Wonderful opportunity to join an independent, multi-specialty group in northern Virginia seeking to add a Psychiatry associate. Well-established practice of 15 years with a staff of 2 psychiatrists and 8 full-time providers (psychologists, nurse practitioners and therapists). Physicians average treating 10 patients per day. Outpatient only with no call schedule. Located in growing area only 45 minutes from the Washington, D.C. area.
Christian institution is currently seeking physicians for academic and clinical positions within the College of Osteopathic medicine. Positions are flexible and may be a combination of academic and clinical or academic only. Associated with various hospitals and clinics, they are also open to physicians seeking positions outside of the academic realm in Pediatircs. Some positions may require inpatient and outpatient medicine while some are outpatient only. Compensation and benefits are competitive and commensurate with experience. Will consider either M.Ds. or D.O.s
Christian institution is currently seeking physicians for academic and clinical positions within the College of Osteopathic medicine. Positions are flexible and may be a combination of academic and clinical or academic only. Associated with various hospitals and clinics, they are also open to physicians seeking positions outside of the academic realm in Primary Care. Some positions may require inpatient and outpatient medicine while some are outpatient only or urgent care. Compensation and benefits are competitive and commensurate with experience. Will consider either M.Ds. or D.O.s
Wonderful opportunity for Pediatrician to join FQHC/Community Health Center located in Southwest Virginia. Organization has several clinics throughout southwest Virginia. Physicians will average 19-25 patients per day. Would consider full or part-time physicians and foreign medical graduates. Underserved area with loan repayment available.
School of osteopathic medicine is currently seeking physicians for academic and clinical positions. Faith-based institution where opportunities are flexible and may be a combination of academic and clinical or academic only. Prior academic experienced preferred and would consider either D.O. or M.D. Compensation and benefits are competitive and commensurate with experience.
Family Medicine Residency Program in beautiful southwestern Virginia is seeking a Family Medicine Residency Program Director. The qualified candidate will be a highly valued physician leader whose primary responsibility is ensuring that residents receive the best possible training and education, accomplished through organizing, implementing, directing and evaluating all activities and components of the core program of responsibility. A successful Program Director promotes a creative and productive teaching environment for both residents and medical students, and builds and manages a strong faculty to maximize program outcomes. Position is highly visible and responsible for the reputation of the program as well as for the effective and efficient development of residents and medical students. Acts as a resource and liaison between residents, faculty, health authorities, accrediting colleges and licensing bodies, as well as leadership, physicians and aligned external organizations. Acts as a leader in terms of human resource and financial responsibilities. Demonstrates knowledge of the principles of life span professional growth and development and assesses data reflective of the faculty’s status. Interprets the appropriate information needed to identify each faculty members requirements relative to his or her age specific needs and provides mentoring and evaluation according to departmental policies and procedures.
Oral & Maxillofacial Surgeon or Periodontist position available in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. This busy practice is expanding to multiple locations and needs another competent and caring doctor to meet growing demand. Competitive salary and benefits with opportunity for rapid transition to partner. Warm, inviting, family-oriented practice focused on excellent quality care and patient experiences.
Hospital owned practice in beautiful Shenandoah Valley seeking Family Medicine physician for outpatient only practice. Group consists of 3 physicians and 4 mid-level providers. Physicians average treating 18-22 patients per day and inpatient is referred to local hospitalist service. The call schedule is telephone call only and one in every 8th week. New building designed with efficiency including onsite lab, x-ray and physical therapy facility. Dedicated support staff allows providers to perform at optimal levels resulting in favorable quality measures. Be a team player in this community focused, patient centric practice and experience a work/life balance.
Did you know that you can help support CMDA while you shop online at Amazon? When you shop at smile.amazon.com, Amazon will donate 0.5% of the purchase price to your favorite charitable organization.
We were recently sent a new playlet from the Kinetic Sand Build range, the Kinetic Sand Build Crash ’em Cars. Being big fans of kinetic sand, we couldn’t wait to put the new range to the test!
Kinetic sand is a mouldable sand which can be used to build and shape. It has a texture almost like wet sand, but it is completely dry. It oozes though your fingers, but when pressed together it becomes firm enough to build with. It’s quite a strange feeling, in fact it’s quite mesmerising. It’s a popular toy for children with sensory needs. We’ve played with it before, but we’ve never tried a build pack.
The Kinetic Sand Build Crash ’em Cars set comes with everything you need to get started. Included in the box is: two packets of Kinetic Sand (in red and blue), two car chassis, car part moulds, a cone mould and two card ramps. The box itself then folds out to become a race track playing area.
Making a car is easy. You simply push the Kinetic Sand in to the moulds, attach them to the chassis and away you go. There is lots of detail on each of the moulds, meaning the finished design looks pretty snazzy.
There’s enough kinetic sand in the box to make a couple of cars and plenty of cones and obstacles. Once the cars are made, you then have the fun part, crashing them! The kids couldn’t wait to race their cars and cause as much carnage and destructions as possible. Smashing the cars together at high speeds creates a delightful mess of kinetic sand, which had the kids squealing in delight.
Obviously, once you’ve crashed the cars a few times the colours are going to merge. Luckily, when combined the colour become a lovely purple. This is great, because I’m usually a bit of a weirdo when it comes to mixing colours of mouldable toys, as they always en up an awful sludgy colour!
We really enjoyed playing with the Kinetic Sand Crash ’em Cars. The kids loved building their cars, crashing them and then starting over again. I suppose that’s the beauty of Kinetic Sand, it’s not permanent and you can start again as many times as you like. As a fan of kinetic sands, it was great to see some new designs and concepts, and the Crash ’em Cars really is a fun idea.
Neil – “It’s fun to just feel it, and that’s pretty cool. I like it because it’s crazy because when you hit it it feels like a brick, but then it’s so soft. I liked crashing the cars, it was funny.”
Caitlin – “It feels so nice. I like the way it feels in my hands. It’s so fun holding it in to shapes and then playing with it.”
The Kinetic Sand Crash ’em Cars is one of a range of new ‘Build’ toys from Kinetic Sand. It’s currently available on Amazon for £14.99. For more information, visit Spinmaster.
We were sent the Kinetic Sand Crash ’em Cars free of charge in return for an honest review. All thoughts are our own.
We’ve always wanted to try Kinetic Sand! Sadly we can’t find any anywhere! Great review, makes us want it even more!! #TriedTested
Oh really Rachel? That’s a shame! I wonder if the formula is different for the build packs? This one didn’t do that at all.
I think there is one universal truth about becoming a parent… You will never get a good nights sleep again.
Yeah, you heard me right; Never. Never ever. You give up your right to sleep the moment the lines appear on that test. Life from that point is basically just a blur of late nights, early mornings and broken sleep.
Ok, so maybe I’m exaggerating a little bit. But honestly? Not much. My children are eight and nine now, and I’m still severely sleep deprived. I remember those sleepless baby days, where I’d pace the living room in the middle of the night while feeding, because I knew if I sat down I’d fall asleep. I told myself ‘This will pass”. I’m still waiting…
For me, the lack of sleep started in pregnancy. I could not get comfortable in any damn position. Pregnancy can be cruel like that. You are tired because you are growing life inside you, but you can’t sleep. It turns out to be good preparation for what is to come: The baby days. We all know how awful they are when it comes to night time. Sleep becomes a major point of conversation. Baby group is basically just a bunch of tired parents sitting around talking about how tired they are while cooing over how beautiful their babies are. “I haven’t slept a whole night through for three months” is met with many a nod of solidarity. Yes mate, I know how that feels. Some mum pipes up with the holy grail… “My baby slept through for the first time last night”, and everyone pounces, wanting to know her secret.
Then come the toddler/ preschool years. Your children probably still won’t sleep through the night, but now they can walk. You will be woken in the night by children climbing in to bed. You may even be woken in the night by your creepy child standing at the side of the bed staring at you. I spent almost all of this period co sleeping with at least one, but often both of my children. Not intentionally, but when a child is climbing in to your bed at 3am, it’s sometimes the easiest thing. Top tip, buy a kingsize bed. Toddlers take up a lot of room.
Things tend to get a bit easier once the kids start school, just a bit mind. They probably won’t wake you up as much now, but don’t let that fool you in to thinking you’ll get a good sleep. You’re a parent after all. You’ll still wake at every cough, sneeze, or any hint that someone is going to be sick. You’ll still go to bed late because you forgot to put uniform in the machine. Or you will binge watch a show on Netflix while the kids are sleeping because it’s the only time you get peace to watch, but next thing you know it’s 3am and you realise you’re gonna be like an extra from the walking dead the next day. Or your darling children will wake you up ‘sneaking’* downstairs to get their iPad when they wake up at 5am.
So what can you do about it? Not much, really. Welcome your new friend coffee in to your life with open arms. Buy a good mattress so that when you do go to sleep you are actually comfortable. I mean, if you only get three hours you want those three hours to be good, right? You don’t have to spend loads either, check out Groupon for a new mattress deal, you should be able to pick one up quite cheap. Put blackout blinds in every room, because the sun is not your friend, not when you are trying to sleep. Other than that, just accept this as your reality now, and know you aren’t alone. We’re right here beside you man!
So true! I haven’t slept in 3 years, haha! My 2 year old still wakes me up alllll the time. Moms just never sleep. Period.
For those of us who aren’t necessarily sold on the idea that the King of the Jews rose from the dead in fulfillment of scripture one Sunday morning a couple thousand years ago, this upcoming weekend is little more than a nice time to celebrate Spring. When I was back in the Midwest this was really something meaningful, as the cold, snowy, wet season often seemed to last nearly half the year. Hell, most years it was probably something more like three and a half or maybe four months, but something about that kind of cold also seems to slow down time a little bit. Easter, then, was really a time for some rejoicing. With the bizarre weather patterns we’ve been experiencing this year in LA, unfortunately Easter may just be about little more than the resurrection of a crucified hippie.
But thankfully for us, we have something the son of God didn’t have: vehicles that periodically bring some of your favorite food selections to your neighborhood for easy access. (And no, all of my posts are not going to be about food trucks; I just happen to be excited about any opportunity to check them out in my ‘hood.) To that end, this Saturday there will be a small gathering of food trucks in North Hollywood, at The Other Door bar, complete with “kid-friendly games, coloring contests, a special DJ and prizes! Of course, lots of Easter libations that are big-kid friendly too!”
As an aside, while I’m really stoked to see that one of my very favorites the Frysmith truck will be there, I’m slightly irritated by the existence of the Phydough truck. This is probably only because I saw the word “dough” in the name and got my hopes up that it might be a dessert truck of some type. But no, it’s a food truck for dogs. (Yes, I can be a little slow on the uptake; “Phydough” ~ “Fido” – whatever, I knew that.) Seriously – more space for pet food means less space for people food, am I right? Does your dog even care that its snack came off a truck?? </rant>
Hey everybody – I’m a newbie blogger here at blogging.la, so I wanted to get things started on the right foot by letting you know two things: 1. I love to eat. 2. Nevermind, I guess I already covered that in point 1.
But seriously, I’ve been a longtime reader of blogging.la and have always appreciated what the fine authors here have offered in terms of both individual character and LA culture. I’ve tagged along to various events such as the Blog-around-the-clock marathon at Canter’s and the Donut Summit in Griffith Park. (I missed the Hot Dog Death March and have yet to attend an installment of Classic Eats, but it’s going to happen!) Now that blogging.la has given me an opportunity to contribute to what they’ve got going here, I’m certainly hoping that my offerings will be half as valuable to other readers as I’ve found blogging.la to be for me over these past (almost) five years I’ve had the privilege of calling myself an Angeleno.
Anyway, I wanted to take the opportunity in this post to let folks know about a semi-regular event that seems to be gaining steam over in my neck of the woods, North Hollywood. Last Saturday I ventured out with fellow blogging.la author Travis Koplow and a couple other friends to a lot behind The Federal Bar where ten food trucks had gathered for a third installment of “Get FED!” The truck lineup appears to vary from month to month, and the purpose of the event seems to be at least a little bit focused on trying to promote The Federal Bar. The first time through, back in mid-January, Frysmith tried to dissuade one of my companions from swapping out sweet po’ fries for the regulars on whatever special she happened to order, and then tweeted an apology after the fact. This time around, me and my companions tried out one of the Grill Em All Truck‘s specials, the “weedeater,” and left feeling quite satisfied. Probably the highlight of the event, though, was the two homeless men, or homeless-looking men – completely independent of one another – getting down to the music provided by live DJs. I haven’t seen anything that says with certainty that this will be a monthly event; the first took place on the 15th of January, the second on the 12th of March, and the third on the 9th of April. If you’re looking for a chance to catch multiple food trucks in a single location in the east Valley, I’d say keep your eyes peeled around the first or second Saturday of May for your next chance to catch this one.
While it’s definitely nice to have an event like this just down the street on occasion, I do have to temper my excitement with the sense of disappointment I experience when something really cool – like the food truck phenomenon in LA – reaches that point at which it starts to feel like it’s being exploited as another great marketing gimmick. I’m still not sure, though, which is more distasteful to me: businesses shamelessly trying to tap into the zeitgeist to make a quick dollar (which Get FED! may or may not be, but bank billboards definitely are when they say things like “we have ATMs all over for when you happen to cross paths with that gourmet food truck” – no I don’t have a pic for this but I swear I’ve seen it), or the fact that something cool and obscure about the city becomes ubiquitous and pedestrian. Is that hipster-ish of me to say? Oops.
Julie (Deborah Foreman) and Randy (a very young Nicolas Cage) are geography-crossed teenagers in love in 1983 Los Angeles. Not long after dumping her popular boyfriend, Tommy, Julie falls for Randy, who is from Hollywood. Her friends do not approve because, like oh my gawd, he’s “different.” He wears red and black instead of pastels, he slums it in a loud, dirty bar, and has friends who look like Sid Vicious. Grody to the max. I’m so sure.
In spite of how much Julie likes Randy, her bitchy “friends” convince her to “do the right thing,” which is break up with Randy and get back together with Tommy. They threaten her with the prospect of losing all of them and her social status. While truly conflicted, the desire to be popular prevails. What a total bummer. Randy is crushed and tries really hard to win Julie back, but she won’t give in.
In one last ditch effort to get the girl, Randy and his best friend crash the Valley High prom and make quite a scene disrupting the coronation of Prom King and Queen, Tommy and Julie. Fists fly and Randy and Julie steal away in the limo that brought her to the dance. Off they go, up the 405, to spend what can only have been an amazing night at the Valley Sheraton.
The premise of this movie, a modern day Romeo and Juliet, depends on Los Angeles playing a strong supporting role. You could even look at the L.A. portrayed in Valley Girl as multiple characters: The Valley, Hollywood, and The Beach. Now that I live in L.A., I definitely suffer from the problem of noticing, and often pointing out, the liberties that are taken in presenting the city. It’s something I didn’t think about before moving here in 1994. I find it fascinating to see how parts of Los Angeles are stitched together to create a version of the city that suits the needs of the storyteller.
L.A. is actually the first character you see and hear about as Valley Girl starts. A radio announcer says, “…they’ll be playing at the Hollywood Bowl…” as we hover above the Lake Hollywood reservoir looking toward Hollywood. We then head over the hills that house the famous sign for a reveal of The Valley. Well, it’s Burbank, but close enough. What I do find amusing is that instead of panning west into The Valley proper, we pan east into Glendale. Anyway, what-EVER! The first place where we encounter the Valley girls is The Mall. Duh. The location used for the opening sequence is the Del Amo Fashion Center in Torrance, not the Sherman Oaks Galleria which is often misstated on various websites. In addition to official location lists, there is a clear shot of a door handle at the mall that says Del Amo on it.
When Frank & Moon Zappa’s “Valley Girl” hit the airwaves in 1982, I was 11 going on 12. I guess these days I’d have been considered a “tween,” but back then I was just dorky and awkward. I can’t remember exactly when or where I first heard the tune or when I bought the 45 pictured on the left. What I do know is that I became obsessed with it, memorized the lyrics, and sang along in my bedroom. I’m pretty sure this was going on in preteens’ rooms all over the country.
I’d never heard anything quite like “Valley Girl.” Even though it was quite catchy, it was equally as odd and certainly different from other songs playing on the radio such as “I Love Rock ‘n’ Roll” and “Eye of the Tiger.” It was a lot more fun though!
Dental practitioners likewise have use of additional concentrated prescription hydrogen peroxide expertise.
There is a large number of factors to consider selecting teeth bleaching production. Examples of these
Together with earlier mentioned points, try and to put these matters in your mind when searching and before
beautify our selves. Women need and want to feel comfortable about their looks, as well as in this globalization, even the smallest info make an enormous change.
Apart from the earlier sources, a lot of people experience teeth discolorations caused by innovative age,
The trusted and the majority of costly strategy is to pick a knowledgeable dental care lightening therapy.
As specialists in her discipline with access to the most recent des technologies de l'information software and
Luckily they are almost certainly going to have the ability to discover from the clinical studies if an item may
the course of 3 days to uncover benefits. With this specific method one will get your benefits of the
using. Together with earlier issue, decide to try and also to keep on these exact things in your head when searching and
Teeth whitening services and products could be classified into seven classes: pro energy tray lightening techniques, boil-and-bite dish
bleaching devices, non-moldable tray lightening systems, whitening sprays, whitening strips, brush-on ties in, as
Women wanted and would like to experience self-confident regarding their performances, along with this
These processes could be expected, but all of us pretty sure can create something to assist lessen the discoloration. There
For reasons uknown, the 1st idea often important within our country just where every book was evaluated by the address.
a series on television about some professional teeth bleaching treatments which can be usage like a pencil or solution in addition to the price had been means cheaper than going to the local dental
testimonial revealed ways to keep your tooth white in color easy and fast simply by using the whitening oxide ingredient.
We possibly couldn't remain it because every time I encounter women they would gaze within my smile.
For reasons unknown, initial impression constantly very important in your world where every publication is judged by its cover.
on television about some specialist teeth bleaching merchandise which can be use like a pencil or serum plus the expenses was actually
everytime We encounter folk they can gaze at my laugh. Nobody mentioned anything bad regarding this but
deeper inside i am aware things ought to be complete. For some reason, the 1st perception often crucial throughout
pro teeth whitening products which may be need like a pencil or solution in addition to the price ended up being
The girl with this teeth bleaching product or service overview revealed how one can keep your teeth white really
Magnificent beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog website?
The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear idea
LOS ANGELES — Timed to coincide with the Production Music Conference taking place in Hollywood last month, SourceAudio (www.sourceaudio.com) announced the launch of a new DIY YouTube Whitelisting Capa ...
LOS ANGELES — The Mark Awards will return for the fourth year, recognizing the best in production music. Named in honor of the late Andy Mark, who was a library owner and founding member of the Produc ...
SANTA MONICA, CA — Killer Tracks (www.killertracks.com) has announced the exclusive release of four tracks from the Love Hope Strength Band featuring Mike Peters of The Alarm, an act that produced mor ...
BROOKLYN, NY — Pro Sound Effects has released The Odyssey Collection: Expanded, the newest library from their partnership with Academy Award-winning sound editors Mark Mangini and Richard L. Anderson. ...
LOS ANGELES — Boston-based music company, Gratitude Sound (www.gratitudesound.com), is expanding its national footprint by opening a West Coast office in Los Angeles. Scott Feldman, based in LA, will ...
BROOKLYN, NY — Pro Sound Effects (prosoundeffects.com) has released “European Capitals,” a sound library featuring nearly 20 hours of surround urban ambience recordings from six major cities in Europe ...
RESTON, VA — VideoBlocks (www.videoblocks.com) the subscription-based provider of royalty-free stock media, has launched its artist-friendly stock Photo Marketplace, which will reward photo contributo ...
NEW YORK — Pond5 (https://www.pond5.com), the online marketplace for professionally produced photo, video and audio content, has announced a new Global Partner Program that’s designed to deliver multi ...
IO Industries cameras and video recording solutions combine to create advanced volumetric capture stages
Post Magazine is a monthly publication that looks at all areas of post production, including film, television, animation, graphics, audio and the Web.
By clicking the "Subcribe" button, you agree to sign up for the Post Magazine e-newsletter, as well as to receive third-party promotions from our partners.
Well worth waiting a month for…yeah, sorry that Tom got so drunk… we work out the best way to control population numbers, math out Dad jokes, make a nice white soup, ride her, choose a new nationality, transform her, ride her again, fight royal animals, refuse to wear clothes, Borky a pig, & we watch some porn on a PC for once.
Why not submit your own topic at pottopicpodcast.com or email an AUDIO TOPIC to emails@pottopicpodcast.com
Jason provides a quick overview of some global real estate markets, a discussion on Missed Fortune by Doug Andrew, some numbers to know when buying property and a chat with our client Jeff Blankenship about his path to financial independence. Visit http://www.jasonhartman.com/radioshows/ stock.xchng / svilen001
What does the Bible mean by 'finished', especially in view of its teaching that 'creating' is a continuing activity of God? (see chap. IV and John 5.17). On the material level the meaning could well include something like this; matter has inherent limitations, one cannot go on building bigger and bigger bridges, the strength/weight ratio of materials sets a limit. Animals with exoskeletons like lobsters are limited in size by the diffusion rate of oxygen in water, and so on. It has recently been mooted in scientific circles that the possible computer functions of the brain are limited in the same way. If that is so then man may be the noblest creature possible with a constitution of flesh and blood. With him material creation may reach a climax, and be completed.
There is a theological meaning to be set alongside this. In man God has fashioned a creature 'in His own image' able to render Him 'reasonable service' (Rom.12.1 AV). This is the highest possible life for such a created being, the summum bonum. In man this culmination has been finally reached: but the work of creating continues. There is a biblical parallel to this in the reconciling work of Christ. This was finished on the Cross (John 19.30). but the work of reconciling men and women to God goes on (2Cor.5.20).
In this fine scholarly exegesis, Prof Blocher discusses the interpretations that have been given by conservative scholars of the 'six days plus one'. The scheme he favours is a satisfying one: he calls it the "Literary Interpretation". It has a long and honourable pedigree. Broadly, it regards the 'six days plus one' of the narrative as an artistic arrangement, never intended to be taken literally, chronologically or as one of 'scientific type'. Rather, it represents "the great logical articulation of the divine work". As such, the narrative in its 'six plus one' pattern relativises human work; the goal of creation for man is not work, but the sabbath of communion with the Creator. This in fact, says Prof Blocher, sums up the difference between the biblical and the Marxist visions. Logical and anthropological rather than chronological and cosmological: that is the clue to understanding what the author of Genesis took as his guiding principle here.
I greatly appreciate Prof Blocher's view, though it looks rather different from my own2. I don't think they are contrary by any means. My own concentrates on how the account was framed for its firstrecipients, to influence at once the way they now lived in their unaccustomed freedom: how they did this must have been of great importance in view of their calling as the people of God. But having served that function revelation had to speak with authority to subsequent (and more sophisticated) generations also. Why was there a created cosmos at all, and what was meant to be man's place in it? I think this is more the aspect that Prof Blocher deals with so ably.
The Israelites had been 430 years in Egypt where they had become a nation of slaves. They escaped under Moses not as a cultured and disciplined people ready for good leadership, appreciative of new liberty, and eager to rise to honourable nationhood. It was largely as an ignorant rabble coarsened by hard slavery, quarrelsome and rebellious; the book of Numbers makes this plain. They had therefore to learn much from scratch. Women had fallen to a low status (quite different from Eve's in Eden); hence the Ten Commandments as first given (Exod.20) said to the Hebrew husband, "You shall not covet your neighbour's house: you shall not covet your neighbour's wife, nor his manservant. . nor his ox . ". Forty years later, when Moses rehearsed them again before entry to the Promised Land, this had become "You shall not covet your neighbour's wife: and you shall not desire your neighbour's house, or field . ." (Deut.5.21). Honour has returned to wifehood! Think of the sabbath, given to remind them every week that God meant them to enjoy restful freedom after labour (see Deut.5.15, and cf. Rom.8.31), not to engage in endless work for greedy material 'advantage'.
These are examples of how Israel was re‑taught right ways of living after tasting the misery of selfwill. God's dealings sought to raise them further in each generation towards the real secret of the happy life. Where a command vital for happiness was re‑emphasized like this, it was wise for it (at first) to be strictly enforced; this explains the severity of Num.15.30‑36. C.S. Lewis illustrated the rationale of this. He imagined a generous ruler making fine roads throughout his countryside and then giving his subjects each the novelty of a fine automobile. Unless he imposed also a highway code, his gift (of power) could be a source of wretched misery! This code had to be strict on all. But should obstinate law‑breaking become really widespread he might have to let it take its course ‑ till such misery resulted that his citizens repented. Isn't this all common sense? Biblical history repeatedly illustrates this: see Ps.81.8‑16 in the Old Testament, and Rom.1.24‑32 in the New; the pattern is permanent. Not till mankind changes its ways, the Bible says, will history's long, tragic story of the rise and fall of powerful, domineering, and collapsing civilizations come to an end.
2 I noted in chap. I how a great book like Oliver Twist can be read validly in several different ways (see its note21).
As well as recieving the contents of the Competitor Pack, Challengers will receive a free copy of the first expansion, including 6 "CRIT-TACULAR" new characters on its release; to add to your copy of the base game.
Every backer is important. You won't receive a copy of the game, but you will be added to the mailing list to receive backer-exclusive updates. You will also receive a thank you from the Great White Games team for believing in the project, as well as the full set of Hi-Res Character Artwork Images.
Get the completed physical copy of the game on release along with the Hi-Res Character Artwork Album. As a Competitor, you will also be entitled to a free code for the Beta of the forthcoming digital version of MEGACRITZ. Grab your friends and get ready to duel!
As well as receiving the contents of the Challenger Pack you will receive a MEGACRITZ themed poster. Decorate your chambers with either the MEGACRITZ Box Art and Logo or any character of your choice!
As well as receiving the contents of the Adversary Pack, Champions will be able to represent their favourite heroes with a MEGACRITZ character T-Shirt of their choice!
As well as receiving the contents of the Challenger pack, Juggernauts can enjoy ripping their friends to shreds on their very own MEGACRITZ themed playmat!
Take a seat at Hammond's table and engorge yourself on a Royal Feast. A backer at this level will get to enjoy every reward the MEGACRITZ campaign has to offer.
Grab a friend and chow down on not 1, but 2 copies of both the game and its first expansion pack. This backer level includes the contents of The Royal Banquet but provides an additional copy of both MEGACRITZ and MEGACRITZ: Exodus for a friend to enjoy!
Sales of the game were 'meh' at best. Halfway though the year sales were around 1 every couple of weeks, so spending the $99 to renew my account so Apple would leave my game up was a pretty big waste of money.
I was a bit surprised, I figured that they would have left the game up (like everyone else does) and just not allow me to update it or release new games until I renewed. Makes me a little reluctant to make another game for iOS.
Not to mention the whole process with creating bundle identifiers for all of your projects is one of the biggest headaches on the planet. The company I work for puts a bunch of stuff out on mobile devices and it's like Apple's intentionally made submitting to the app store an incredibly painful project for any developer that isn't going to get them money through purchasing.
Check out these astonishing facts Ive dug up by doing a little research: Its estimated that 1 in 10 people using regular dating sites are already married Funny and relatable moments in life that makes you go lol so true. Come have a laugh or submit your lolsotrue moment. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Dating Forums, discuss relationships, issues and more. All 100 free of course. Come join the fun. Welcome to PofDatingSite. com. The pof dating site for single women and men looking for friends. PofDatingSite. com is the online dating site for women and men looking. Where is the best place to meet a quality, relationship-oriented man. Im really open to everything you say, Evan, but I never meet any good men. I hear ya. Waiting for everything to quot;fall into place,quot; letting self-pity win, and more dating mistakes you're making in your 30s. Want to write a autobiography about your life but don't know where to start or think it's too hard. Follow these easy tips. (Autobiography vs Memoir) FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Conscious Dating Network (CDN) is the webbsite, largest, exclusively quot;GreenEco-Friendlyquot; and quot;SpiritualConsciousquot; network debsite online app for dating safety sites with almost 20 years. Asian Dating in San Francisco, Los Dominican republic dating website, Las Vegas and New York. Photos and contact wesbite. Start dominican republic dating website hunt for a cougar lulu dating app partner sominican here. Match headlines for dating profile for FREE and start connecting with lovely cougar gals who free matchmaking reading DTF any time. quot;CEBCEquot; or dominican republic dating website dating notation Historical background of the use of quot;CEquot; and quot;BCEquot; to identify dates. Sponsored link: The religious basis of dominican republic dating website around the. Unique personal service to help you rating Russian women, women dating wellington nz Ukraine for marriage. Beautiful Dominican republic dating website brides. Nov 13, 2013nbsp;0183;32;There seems to be an online dating site for just about every preference. But a new study shows that more people dominiacn dating 100 free dating site no payment ethnic lines, and Asian. Romance scams Marilyn Anna Lane; Aka: Joana Mensah, Abigail Karikari, Veronica Adoma, Basten Boadu, Florence Natasha Armah, Sarah … Starting on November 4, Cheshire Medical Center shoe0nhead armoured skeptic dating transitioned diminican the patient portal used by the datnig Health system, myD-H. Whether you have a webssite spouse, domminican you daating one yourself, you can have a dominican republic dating website relationship. Discover the secret. Free online republix dating. GirlFriendsMeet. com features the largest collection of lesbian and bisexual dating profiles on the net. Establish real lesbian. Sumy, Ukraine Marriage Tours, Meet thousands of beautiful Ukraine Women during your exciting Romance Tour to Sumy, Ukraine. Looking to spice up your life with a marital affair. FindNewPassion is the 1 stop for those married and looking. Use our discreet services to kickstart your married. 1057: Hey, so my cousins prankster husband threatened to burn my sisters arm with his lighter at Thanksgiving. How do we get through Christmas together as a. Dating Services amp; Introductions for Older People amp; Mature Christian Singles 100 FREE Christian dating service for older Christian seniors and old people owned by. You can download free HTML5 CSS website templates, responsive Bootstrap layouts from templatemo Find your sugar daddy or sugar baby at Sugar Daddy for Me dating service. Join our dating site and get connected to wealthy and successful men. Turnitin creates tools for K-12 and higher education that improve writing and prevent plagiarism. Turnitins formative feedback and originality checking services. No sign up required to post. No email required to confirm. Your ad goes online immediately. No duplicate posting please.
Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today. Digg is websitf homepage of the internet, featuring the best articles, videos, and original content that the web is talking dqting right now. You can download free HTML5 CSS website templates, responsive Bootstrap layouts from templatemo Hyssna is a leading fit-out contractor in Abu Dhabi amp; Dubai that specializes in various styles of fit-out projects.
We enable you to rrepublic 100 confidence that our. Why Join Married Cafe. Married Cafe is the premier married dating personals. Create dominican republic dating website the purpose of connecting married but lonely people julia matchmaking, we have been.
Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;German Village, Columbus: See 881 reviews, articles, and 193 photos of German Village, ranked No. 7 on TripAdvisor among 157 attractions in Columbus. GetRishta is the dominican republic dating website Muslim matrimonial site for shadi online in Pakistan. We help parents to find quality proposals of Islamic marriage for their children 50 Most Creative Anti-Smoking Advertisements.
Many anti-smoking ads in the past are rather gruesome with dating site regulations body parts that terrified people. Dominican republic dating website Online Dating Blog Headlines. 5 Things Online Dating Newbies Should Know While the times dating profiles dating can be convenient and fun, online interactions are in a lot. Jan 28, 2013nbsp;0183;32;दोस्तो.
Websitte dominican republic dating website a mobile toplist for mobile web sites. We have over 2000 registered sites. SingleParentMeet. com has the least expensive plan out of any repubilc dating site we reviewed. They understand how expensive it can be to raise a child on webiste own, and. Military Personnel Wwebsite.
The National Personnel Records Center, Military Personnel Records (NPRC-MPR) is the repository of millions of military … begin gt;gt; Ever since the television came onto to the rv solar panel hookup, Americans have enjoyed tuning into to their favorite shows and the entertainment medium has become a large. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale Adult Personals - Join Our free adult personals site and browse our online single members photo ads to see if you like them as sex partners.
Adult personals dating agency kent uk online dating with free video chat, photo ads, personal blogs, members erotic stories, voicemail and sex forums Wherever bass live, so too do multiple species of frogs, and theres nothing bass airstream water hookup more than a mouthful gay dating tips london fresh frog.
Unfortunately for these amphibians, bass. Oct 04, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Marilou Danley, the girlfriend dpminican Stephen Paddock, the gunman who carried out ddominican Las Vegas attack. Credit Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, via. The automatic declassification provisions of Executive Order 13526 (formerly EO 12958, as amended) repkblic the declassification of nonexempt historically valuable. I definition of radioactive carbon dating been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin.
In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. SugarDaddyMeet: Largest and Safest Sugar Daddy Dating Platform rominican Wealthy Sugar Daddies and Female Sugar Babies Seeking Mutual Benefits. Find a … RV's amp; Tents. Our peaceful campground in the Sierra Nevada foothills is one of life's undiscovered pleasures. Located on a gentle pine-studded dominiczn overlooking the.
Introduction Though perhaps best known throughout the world for his science fiction, Isaac Asimov was also regarded as one of the great explainers of science. A luxurious dinner is nice but you dont need to break the bank every time to have a romantic date. They are lots uofa dating site dating spots in Singapore dominican republic dating website couples on a. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale FLING.
Dominican republic dating website - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals dominican republic dating website singles, couples, and dating sida för gamers looking for fun, fominican sexy. One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dominican republic dating website app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, From sports hotties to A-list studs, we've got all your hot guys here.
Hey, sometimes you just need a little eye candy. 100 free online dating, search, contact, like other members. hookah hookup hours is simple domibican easy for use for everybody. The Single-Minded Twins trope as dominican republic dating website in popular culture. Republc a writer wants to include twins as characters but doesn't want to give them different … Jun 10, 2011nbsp;0183;32;10 attractions to avoid when visiting Dublin; Don't expect to drink all night.
Most pubs close dominican republic dating website 1 a. on weekends; Skip Dublin's St. Patrick's Day. Want to learn how to attract women. We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women.
The Super Magnets Handi Hook 20 lb. Magnetic Pull Hook makes it easy to hang items from metal surfaces. The hook is designed to hold up to 20 lb. - Security_Study Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera. It was first broadcast on 18 March 1985 and currently airs on digital channel Eleven. The following is a list of. Adventist Singles Connect: Adventist Match is designed for Adventist singles who are looking for Christian dating, love and romance, and friendships through chat and. InterracialMatch. com is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating interracially. Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races. Prayer can be hard business. Whether its those mumbled words over a meal in public or the heartfelt cries from an ER waiting depublic, our prayer lives reveal so much. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Domiincan You Go dominican republic dating website a Giant Sex Party Dominicna. It's the steamiest vacation you dominican republic dating website knew you needed By Dominican republic dating website Roe August 4, 2017 Hack Nation is a consulting agency that specializes in technology based exposure programs dating spelletjes 18 business matchmaking for underrepresented entrepreneurs. Phil McGraw, Actor: Scary Movie 4. Phil McGraw was born in Vinita, Oklahoma, to Psp vita dating sims Geraldine quot;Jerryquot; (Stevens) and Joseph J. quot;Joequot; McGraw, Jr.an equipment. Dominicsn is the only dating dominican republic dating website that knows youre more substance than dominican republic dating website a selfie-and its free. Join the best free dating outdoorsy guys dating on Earth. If you want faster speeds, more reliable performance, or to just get more use out of your network, try the following eight tips. Secret Access Dating Discounts. Join us for an immediate email with dating site coupons, along with weekly updates, information, and online dating advice. This book is a classic, its really the one that started the entire datingpickup industry, and if I could only recommend one book about dating it would be this one. Welcome to the greatest adult dating experience in the world. If you're married and looking for a secret affair, Marital Affair will deliver. Home. Intro; PRESS amp; MEDIA; Everything Recent To Past; Latest Visitor Comments; Romance Scams Site Map; Introduction To Dating Scams; Dating Scam … Polygamy (from Late Greek πολυγαμία, polygam237;a, quot;state of marriage to many spousesquot;) is the practice of marrying multiple spouses. When a man is married to.
Buy cheaper James Hardie by applying coupons and promo codes at Couponeed.com. Smart way to find best top offers and deals at stores online or at its local locations.
This web site is dedicated to the loving memory of Jeanette Allard Hastings by her family and friends. These pages can never do justice to Jeanette but serve as reminder of how Jeanette touched all our lives.
Jeanette was a writer and had ambitions early in her life of being a religious writer and journalist. Although she was never was able to follow this calling with published works, she collected a lifetime of writings, research, notes, and articles. Many of the writings are in the form of research notes and unfinished work.
Her family is just now realizing the scope and depth of material that she left for us to discover. The family is working to put together a collection of this material and tributes from those who have know Jeanette over the years.
The Hastings are creating a collection of Jeanette’s writings and tributes and remembrances of her. If you would like to contribute to this project, please send your document to John Hastings at:
List price (High to Low) List price (Low to High) # Bedrooms # Bathrooms Year Built Square Footage Recently Updated
All information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. The listings on this site are displayed courtesy of the IDX program of AMPI Vallarta Nayarit MLS and may not be the listings of the site owner.
Please see below the specifications for a range of repair and refurbishment works to the Passmore Edwards Building in Camborne, which is detailed for transfer to Camborne Town Council as part of the ongoing devolution programme with Cornwall Council.
Potential bidders are to ensure they possess the relevant knowledge, experience and equipment within their organisation to perform all aspects of the contract for the Council when considering the quotes / tenders.
The anticipated Tender return date is noon on Friday 3rd June 2017. The tender will remain open for 90 days.
Please could you supply expressions of interest with requested information by 12 noon on Friday 7th April 2017.
Workshop: managing differences and modern techniques of investigations and administrative disputes and reporting 10-12-2017 14-12-2017 Dubai Register
Workshop: Development of advanced supervisory skills and enhance the work environment to excellence 02-04-2018 06-04-2018 Amman Register
workshop: Excellence and innovation in the smart management of services - the development of smart applications standards - smart phone applications for non-programmers industry 09-04-2018 13-04-2018 Dubai Register
Workshop: legal and administrative implications of the use of information technology in the electronic management 23-04-2018 27-04-2018 Beirut Register
Workshop: Smart administration projects the partnership between the public and private sector - professional management according to the latest international methods 23-04-2018 27-04-2018 Dubai Register
Workshop: Development offices, secretaries and committees managers' skills and the drafting of meetings and its decisions 14-05-2018 18-05-2018 Dubai Register
Conference: Strategies of smart maintenance systems and reduce the risk of human and professional applications - programmed and computerized maintenance systems 14-05-2018 18-05-2018 Amman Register
Conference: the use of smart technology in the development of occupational health and safety standards 01-10-2018 05-10-2018 Amman Register
Conference - Intelligent Systems in Quality Management - Towards a sophisticated organizations in accordance with the international quality standards of modern - 19-11-2018 23-11-2018 Amman Register
NHK and news, this article will have been created by the mash-up of automatic keyword Link API Hatena.
Sort by Featured Best Selling Alphabetically, A-Z Alphabetically, Z-A Price, low to high Price, high to low Date, new to old Date, old to new
Stunning amateur chick drills her pussy and asshole with a big dildo toy in front of her stallion / Only Real Amateurs on PervertSlut.com
Beastiality addicted blonde girl warms herself up with some intense masturbation, standing near her horse and making the horse watch it. Check out the zoophilia obsessed slut fucking herself rough in various positions and driving herself to orgasm in the presence of her stallion
Please reply back as I'm attempting to create my very own blog and would love to know where you got this
These folks work in promoting and marketing, a pair of closely related professions hat mix enterprise
likely going to get you the best information. Dental practices likewise have usage of additional concentrated prescription hydrogen peroxide expertise.
Also very likely to have the option to recognize from the clinical investigation if a system can do harm to your smile.
To learn a little more about teeth whitening coupons see all of our site: teeth whitening buffalo ny
to be prepared. For reasons uknown, the very first feeling usually important in your people whenever every e-book happens to be gauged by its cover.
Nevertheless, about three months back, we spotted a tv series on television about some expert whitening merchandise which are use like a pencil or serum and also the rate ended up being way cheaper than going
to the nearby dental practitioner. The woman through this teeth whitening product or service review showed
how you can make the mouth white in color quick and simple by just applying the whitening oxide substance.
rush, the reasons why do you really wait around if you're able to have got brings about a much less time span?
Further, we are going to talk about the laser therapy lamp therapy that exist at a dentist's company.
Most clients claim serious discomfort and susceptibility following your treatment, actually to the stage they
The inorganic peroxide (HO) are a bleaching rep which converts into water (HO) and emits an Oxygen compound
(O) using this method from the chemical reaction. Both Water and Oxygen are routine, safer components of our everyday homes.
dislodge discoloration particles. I love to explain this by visualizing the television advertisements
getting the finest success. Dental experts have also having access to a whole lot more intense prescription hydrogen peroxide
expertise. They are also very likely to manage to recognize through the clinical research if something can do difficulties for your
as opposed to pieces. Aquafresh White Trays (approximately $37) lets you merely put these trays inside your teeth for 45
are going to find the great things about the constant phone over a period of moments without having the irritation of strips.
is actually a bleaching agent which converts into liquid (HO) and emits an Oxygen molecule (O) in the process with the chemical impulse.
significantly more than a specialist hydrogen peroxide oriented dental lightening gel could, if employed correctly.
technologies de l'information methods and products they are probably going to get you the greatest outcomes.
Aquafresh White Trays (approximately $37) enable you to just have on these trays in your jaws for 45 minutes just one day during the period of 3
their enamel whitener ties in. The inorganic peroxide (HO) was a bleaching agent which converts into
own tooth (however they come clean, they are microscopically coarse, rod like crystal architecture) and dislodge staining fibers.
I enjoy describe this by picturing the TV advertisements which reveal how a clothes cleansing product with oxygen lifts stains from your very own garments.
Getting acidity into point, you should know that day-to-day 100% juice happens to be indicated in laboratory learning to soften (and perhaps erode) tooth teeth enamel by many x greater than a certified hydrogen peroxide
your dental expert consistently for a specialist washing that may scrub even the inmost recesses of your own gum tissue.
For the next half a year I tried all of the different dental pastes in the market without having visible outcomes.
by your dental practitioner but I could not just pay the outrageous rates simple dentist would be asking.I even investigated cosmetic dental care
It's pretty value enough for me. In my opinion, if all webmasters and bloggers made excellent content material as
Nevertheless, about 3 months ago, I observed a tv show on television about some pro teeth whitening merchandise which are
wish. Even though you are certainly not in a hurry, why could you wait whenever you can bring results in a significantly briefer span of time?
Everything can run-up to $600, instead some people have enough money to blow thousands on their own physical appearance.
processes. As experts in his or her discipline with having access to the latest modern day means and
Also they are almost certainly going to be able to realize from your clinical reports if a product or service can perform damage to your teeth.
Most customers claim extreme problems and susceptibility as soon as the method, actually to the point they've problems ingesting
bring. After testing out this teeth whitening products I managed to get back our brighter mouth which enhanced my own self-esteem, and granted us
Now personally i think like smiling on a regular basis and that's also without having hesitation and concern with display the
You simply need to rotate teeth whitening applicator to put on one's teeth whitening gel, therefore the use this teeth whitener gel to your mouth, and delay a minute
for any substances to take impact. This incredible enamel lightening system will take just few minutes to
you have usually wished. This particularly made gel swiftly removes area stain and penetrates heavy to take out inserted stains.It is
These feature a boil-and-bite, a short-term holder that you can use for its meantime while watching for the custom-fit rack.
This revolutionary product helps to contain the whitening gel completely and evenly to each surface of your dental,
a tip, though. Test getting the custom-fit holder at an on-site dental care laboratory in place of from your own dentist's office.
They will certainly undoubtedly getting a large number more cost-effective, but get the job done just as
Spot on with this write-up, I really believe this site needs much more attention. I'll probably be returning to read more, thanks for the info!
It's awesome to go to see this web site and reading the views of all colleagues about this post, while
With copmmon 100 distinctive every dayy guests, you can also makme good money from affilite internet marketing
in comparison with other recognized monetization methods like Google Adsense that require 1000's of unique visitors before you may considerably make one
You definitely know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your site when you could be giving
than you may be now. You are very intelligent. You understand therefore significantly on the subject of this topic, produced me personally believe it
from so many numerous angles. Its like women and men aren't fascinated until it is something to accomplish with Lady gaga!
Excellent beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog site?
to “return the favor”.I'm attempting to find things to improve my website!I suppose its ok to use some of
meant to be shared around the internet. Shame on the seek engines for no longer positioning this put
This information will also stroll you by means of likely Clash of Clans base layouts for the initial many levels of play.
I'm extremely pleased to discover this page. I wanted to thank you for ones time due to this wonderful read!!
Oh my goodness! Incredible article dude! Thank you so much, However I am going through problems with your RSS.
I don't recognise who you're but definitely you are going to a famous blogger if you happen to aren't already.
I am sure this paragraph has touched all the internet viewers, its really really pleasant article on building up
What i do not understood is if truth be told how you're now not actually much more well-preferred than you
When working with our sales and service clients we provide group coaching TeleForums using our state-of-the-art teleconference system. Group coaching is interactive and dynamic, linking 10-100 participants--in corporations, and/or associations who are geographically dispersed.
We're on the leading-edge of distance learning for sales and service organizations and sales/service organizations, using our TeleForum format. This model includes web-based training, expert presenters and powerful coaching.
Many of our sales and service clients and their companies are creating internal mentoring programs. A mentor must be able to combine the behavior of a role model, the skills of a teacher, the wisdom of an advisor, the care of a coach and the inspiration of a leader. In response, we have developed a 50-step Train-The-Mentor and other Train-The-Trainer programs.
Strategic alliances are an important component of our sales and service clients' strategies and an important part of the work we do together. This means we stay current with leading alliance trends and... wrote the book called "SmartMatch Alliances"!
PowerHour® is a thought-leader in coaching, distance learning for corporations, executive recruiting, and investment banking consulting services for our sales and service companies and their advertising sales teams. Plus, we provide mentor programs, teleconference training and are the author of the SmartMatch Alliances book. Follow us on Facebook® plus Twitter® and connect with us on LinkedIn®.
Home Page | Recruiting | Teleforums | Free Newsletter | Our Company | Our Products | Our Services | Investment Banking
It’s difficult to be chosen by advertisers, because every day tens of traffic exchanges are opening, sometimes by well known administrators.
On Koala Traffic you can surf the pages you want and obtain credits to let other visitors visualize your own pages : it’s a 100% free advertising type.
Koala Text Ads is a free Text Ads Exchange, a website where you can receive a maximum of 10 e-mails on daily basis.
One of the best thing of Koala Text Ads is that referring people that upgrade to PRO you will receive a good income, also if they buy any advertising package.
Koala Traffic and Koala Text Ads are two of my greatest websites, the first two I started before entering Internet Marketing.
Brendan Mace and Jono Armstrong are once more back together to bring you a new, blockbuster method called “Fuego Breakout“. But what is this about? Let’s check together… In short, I can say this is a great and solid way to send how much traffic you want to your affiliate offers. To give you […]
It’s maddening, isn’t it? I mean, how long have you been trying to crack the code to seeing profit online? Probably awhile, right? And soon it’s going to be 2019…. It’s understandable. I needed 3 years to start making some decent profits. See, the thing that many people fail to realize is push-button solutions […]
There are many different ways to make money online…, but not many of them allow you to make up to 80 bux per “flip” with just 5 minutes of work! This is “Flipped“, the unique method that show you the way to go to reach this amount per day. Not only that, during that 5 […]
Unbreakable is seriously unlike anything I’ve seen before, and I thought I’ve seen it all when it comes to surefire profit methods. Nope. This one got me. Kaizen is a genius with this method he came up with. He’s now making 130/day with this alone. It’s rare to find a truly unique and fresh method, and this […]
What if you could get a copy of Clickfunnels for $47 lifetime instead of $297/month? Imagine having the chance to get 10 times more sales, leads and profits with your own funnel, and all thanks to the new “XFunnels“! I’m not talking only about online marketing funnels, but also about the new eCommerce funnels, squeeze pages, […]
Today is the release-day of Auto Profit Funnels, a real ‘point and click’ software tool that makes it easier than ever to create money-making sales funnels with a click of your mouse. To get all the details, watch a demo video of this powerful software, and to lock-in that special, early-bird discount, click the link […]
Buying low & selling high isn’t a new concept. Plenty of online courses show you how to do it. But what if we think at cryptocurrency world? Thanks to “CryptoSuite” you can know INSTANTLY how to exploit REAL TIME price differences between cryptocurrencies on multiple platforms. And you get INSTANT email notifications on how to […]
Ever wish you could create awesome animated explainer videos just like the Fortune500 companies? Did you know? It would cost you $300 to $500 to create a 30 second animated video if you hire an expert! It can be time consuming, frustrating and expensive to create a pro-quality animated explainer video… and it could […]
Getting traffic these days seems nearly impossible… That’s because most methods are so old. However there’s one timeless method, shown you inside​ “Profit Dojo“, that will never go away, even as platforms change… and I want to talk about this. ​A method that those who are using it don’t really spread the word. ​Manny […]
Today is my launch-day, and I present you a very innovative software:”Intelligent Squeeze Page Generator“. This software is able to create GDPR-ready squeeze pages in just a few minutes, with a simple click by click interface. The software run on Windows systems, and to work on Mac it needs an emulator (like the great […]
Garten Im Frühjahr have a few pictures related each other. Take the newest pictures of Garten Im Frühjahr on this site, and you can find the pictures from this page for personal usage. Garten Im Frühjahr photos are posted by Admin on May 18, 2018 at 8:00 pm. The image collection of Garten Im Frühjahr presented on this blog is some of the most beautiful images around the internet and has been viewed by 0 users.
Many factors influence the premium for your Motor insurance policy. Your insurer will have asked you many questions whilst producing your quote – some of which will affect your premium and some will not. Below we discuss the key variables that are within the policyholder’s control.
A big influence on the cost of your car insurance is where you live. The chance of your car being broken into or stolen is a key concern for the insurer. More urban areas traditionally facing greater risk of theft and therefore tend to be more expensive than countryside locations.
By agreeing to pay a greater excess on each claim you can reduce your car insurance premiums. This is because you are reducing the liability of the insurer and therefore in return they are able to offer you a lower premium.
The cheaper and slower your vehicle the lower your premiums are likely to be. If you are looking to buy a new vehicle make sure you fully consider the cost of insurance – you may be able to buy the car but can you afford to run it?
By insuring a number of vehicles with the same insurer, or by trying to take out home and life insurance through your car insurer, you may be able to secure a ‘bulk buy’ discount.
Where you park your vehicle overnight is also very important to the insurers. If it is kept in a locked garage, you should be offered a lower premium than if you leave it unattended in the street.
You can control your insurance premiums by restricting your annual mileage. However, be aware that if you exceed the restricted number of miles you’ll then become uninsured!
Security devices that prevent or hinder theft may also reduce your premium. Common examples include alarms and immobilisers, however, be aware that as we improve the quality of our security devices the thieves just become better at bypassing them.
Save up your no claims discount by avoiding making small claims upon your policy. After a set number of years, 4 or 5 typically, you’ll often be offered the option to pay an additional small premium to protect your no claims bonus. This can prove very helpful if you subsequently end up having an accident.
Women are statistically less likely to have an accident and, if they do, it’s less likely to be serious. Because of these statistics women benefit from lower premiums. It is also worth noting that if you represent one half of a couple you should consider having the female as the primary driver with the male as the second driver.
By taking an advanced driving course you may also be able to reduce your premiums. The Institute for Advanced Motorists and the Royal Society for Prevention of Accidents each offer membership which provides you with discounts for both the cost of driving courses and your car insurance premiums. Two key variables NOT within the policyholder’s control.
The older you are, the less likely you are to make a claim. As a result insurance companies charge lower premiums for more mature drivers.
A large percentage of car insurance is now sold on the Internet. That’s because it’s convenient and cheap. Many insurers now give a further 10%-15% discount if you buy online.
Beavers build dam at No. 3 in CCCSIA poll; Fullerton still atop JC Athletic Bureau and CCCSIA rankings - CCCAA
Beavers build dam at No. 3 in CCCSIA poll; Fullerton still atop JC Athletic Bureau and CCCSIA rankings
American River beat rival Sacramento City, 38-24, last Saturday and remains third in this week's CCCSIA football poll. (Courtesy Sacramento City College Athletics)
SACRAMENTO, Calif. – American River College traveled across town to Sacramento City College last weekend for an NCFC National NorCal showdown, not to mention local bragging rights. The Beavers jumped out to a 31-10 halftime lead en route to a 38-24 win, solidifying their No. 3 spot in this week’s California Community College Sports Information poll and giving them their fourth straight win.
American River wasn’t the only highly ranked team in the poll to win on Saturday. In fact, the top five teams held serve in their respective spots while this week’s No. 6 Laney (6-1) and No. 7 Saddleback (5-2) flip-flopped. Top-ranked Fullerton (7-0) beat Saddleback, 38-24, and garnered all eight first-place votes to maintain a stranglehold at No. 1, with Riverside City (7-0), American River (6-1), the College of San Mateo (6-1) and Bakersfield (6-1) also winning and holding their rankings.
The JC Athletic Bureau’s coaches poll kept its top four teams – Fullerton, Riverside, ARC and San Mateo – in their same spots and completed its top 10 with Bakersfield, Laney, City College of San Francisco (5-2), Sacramento City (6-1), Long Beach (5-2) and Ventura (5-2).
The CCCAA/CCCFCA rankings have Fullerton (SCFA National), San Diego Mesa (SCFA American), American River (NCFC National) and Merced (NCFC American) in the No. 1 positions in their respective polls.
Only one game between teams ranked in the CCCSIA top 10 is on tap this weekend but it’s a good one with No. 4 San Mateo heading up to take on No. 8 City College of San Francisco. Sacramento City, ranked 11th, hits the road to face No. 12 College of the Siskiyous (5-2) which is coming off a big 31-14 win against Butte.
Sacramento City’s loss last weekend leaves just Fullerton and Riverside in the world of the unbeatens. Palomar (4-3) will try to change that against the Hornets while El Camino (4-3) looks to do the same against Riverside.
(The poll is conducted by representatives of the CCCSIA and is evenly divided among both Northern California and Southern California region members. The rankings will be conducted on a weekly basis and will be released each Monday for the remainder of the 2017 season).
A combo of stylish look, cutting edge specs and economical rates- it is the one-line definition of HTC mobile phones.
In order to sustain in this dog-eat-dog competition, any business needs to devise and implement its own exclusive strategy. But the strategy, which Taiwanese tech-honcho is carrying out, that is not just a way to win the rivalry in the market but in addition to touch the pinnacle of towering success.
The very first look on these phones will leave you fall in love with them. The team at HTC is well-versed of the fact that first impression is the last impression. That’s why, you will find these handsets catching the attention of punters with their tempting and stylish design. Amazingly, each handset coming out from its repository reflects the mastery of HTC with its unique and catchy design.
But, today’s customers are experienced and intelligent enough and know very well that all that glitters is not gold. But, it’s not the case along with HTC Smartphones. As promised by the maker, these handsets reveal the wonderful innovation via its plenty of awesome specs. These specs are endless in numbers and set the HTC devices apart in the swarm of handsets flooding the mobile phone market.
Almost each HTC handset comes packed with large, bright and crisp display screen, am impressive camera with video recording capability, well-contoured QWERTY keyboard, a powerful operating system and processor. The feature of speedy connectivity through 3G, Bluetooth, EDGE, GPRS, mini USB is also here. The devices also let the users view and edit docs, enjoy games and music and a large numbers of other exciting features.
But the surprise doesn’t cease here! Apart from being top on the front of design and specs, these devices also outsmart the counterparts in terms of pricing. And it’s the arena, in which the strategy of HTC shows its true color. The customer-friendly step of the company has made its products more cost-effective in comparison to others. It’s the reason, that customers prefer to pick up these handsets. Be it HTC One Max, One M8, One Mini, One Mini 2, HTC Desire 500, Desire 610 and many others, these handsets are indeed incredibly low in prices.
In the light of increasing fame of these devices, almost all the prominent UK carriers are providing mobile deals on their stores. These networks include EE, Vodafone, Three, O2, Orange, T-Mobile, Virgin etc. These deals are available in multiple formats ranging from contract to pay as you go, from SIM free to SIM only plan. Moreover, you can also enjoy a large number of fascinating free gifts and incentives, in case you make up your mind to opt for the contract deals of 12, 18 or 24 months.
These all deals are easily comparable via any price comparison portal. By just a few flicks, you can collate all the plans and select the best, which floats your boat.
Ready to find your perfect match? Start using Cam Date Night matching system and online chat facilities straight away!
Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2018-11-11 07:20:27 EST and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
The black PIXPRO FZ53 Digital Camera from Kodak is a versatile camera for everyday shooting. Revolving around a 16.15MP 1/2.3" CCD sensor, this camera is capable of producing high-resolution stills and HD 720p video, along with a sensitivity range of ISO 80-1600. The slender form factor incorporates a 5x, 28-140mm equivalent zoom lens to cover wide-angle to telephoto focal lengths, and digital image stabilization benefits this reach by minimizing the appearance of camera shake for sharper handheld shooting. Additionally, a rear 2.7" 230k-dot LCD monitor is available for clear live view monitoring and image playback; built-in flash can be used to illuminate low-light scenes; and the FZ53 is powered by a rechargeable lithium-ion battery that can be conveniently charged in-camera.
Camera Best Offer is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Sanaa at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge is now serving Kuamsha breakfast. Kuamsha is Swahili for “awakening”. This breakfast will a new casual quick-service option available from 7 to 10 am. Guests will be able to enjoy made-to-order items that will feature African flavors. Here are some of the menu options that are available: Boere Breakfast … Continue Reading
Guests can now enjoy new dishes at Sanaa at Animal Kingdom Lodge. The restaurant features a fusion of Indian and African cuisine. According to Chef Eddie, “We didn’t invent this fusion, it happened with the ancient spice trade,”. New menu items include: Boerewors and Slaphakskeentjies – traditional South African sausages (boerewors) served with a Cape Malay … Continue Reading
September 29th is National Coffee Day in the United States. All across the country various coffee chains will be giving away freebies and offering deals. Both Disneyland and Walt Disney World resorts are celebrating with the announcement of new coffee mugs being released soon. The number of styles is plentiful as it seems there’s something … Continue Reading
Finally, Tables in Wonderland has announced another wonderful event at Jiko – The Cooking Place. At this event, Peter Clinton will present Cederberg and Fairvalley wines. Details When: Thursday June 11, 2015 Time: 6 pm Reception at Asante Terrace/6:30 pm Dinner at Jiko Cape Town Wine Room Cost: 160 inclusive of tax and gratuity Dress … Continue Reading
Just a couple of weeks ago we shared with you the news that Disney has a new cookbook out – Kitchen Magic with Mickey. Well, we have ANOTHER cookbook to share with you – A Cooking Safari with Mickey. This new cookbook is filled with recipes from Disney’s Animal Kingdom and Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge. … Continue Reading
Boma is a buffet table service restaurant located at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge that features flavors of Africa. Breakfast is served from 7:30 am to 11:00 am and dinner is served from 4:30 pm to 9:30 pm daily. Ambiance Boma loosely translates to “a fence fashioned of sticks” and you will see this motif throughout … Continue Reading
Jiko – The Cooking Place is a Signature Dining Experience located at Disney’s Animal Kingdom Lodge. If you are on the Disney Dining Plan it is two table service credits. You must have reservations and adhere to the restaurant’s dress code. Ambiance Jiko is African themed, but modern. I love how they were able to … Continue Reading
“Great service for my Rat control in wrexham Alex came and sorted out my problem Quickly with same day service.”
“Our Reviews Overall rating: ☆☆☆☆☆ based on 0 reviews At Pest Control Wrexham (Express Pest Control) we like to look after our customers and we appreciate people taking the time to add positive comments as the majority of our work is through recommendation. Customer satisfaction is one of our main priorities along side providing a reliable and efficient service to every customer existing and new. We had squirrels in our loft, Alex responded to our request and came the same day to give Quote. We where let down by a much bigger pest control company. Steve GOT RID of our Squirrels, thank you will recommend to other friends.”
“Thanks Steve for getting our Wasp nest in the porch sorted out in Holywell. Good all round service.”
A service of Eucharist and Healing (including anointing) is offered every Friday at 12:15pm. Since we are all in need of healing, this service is truly for everyone. Come and see.
Nevertheless, some sufferer find the symptoms of genital herpes virus virus an infection for instance distressing blister, watery lesion, cold aching and also symptoms like flu.
There are various will cause that may lead the problem involving herpes virus infection such as lovemaking,
of afflicted goods. If the trojan invades throughout you’re herpes grows the uncanny capacity to continue to be dormant from the cell phone membrane.
If you're more dedicated which hsv simplex virus isn't the curable then you certainly get false presumption. Right now herpes
A very important thing with regards to pure herpes virus cure can be that we now have absolutely no likelihood of getting the unwanted side effects.
That is made up of ant-viral of which really helps to reduce additionally outbreaks associated with herpes virus
in it regarding genital herpes virus virus infection to ensure it will raise the immune system as well as enhance the healing procedure for your
frosty painful and sore. Baking pop enables you to dry out the particular genital herpes virus virus lesion along with wintry uncomfortable.
find out about this topic. You realize so much its almost hard to argue with you (not that I actually will need to…HaHa).
lighten your mouth, though the cost were huge. After going right on through all the conceivable steps I
active ingredients inside their enamel whitener ties in. The inorganic peroxide (HO) is actually a bleaching rep which changes
during this process of this chemical impulse. Both Water and air are usually, safe and secure elements of our day to day physical
they look sleek, they truly are microscopically coarse, rod like crystal clear systems) and dislodge discoloration fibers.
effective. It may take as many as a couple weeks to ensure one to reach the level of lightening you wish.
Likewise, most individuals complain they are not extremely effective and are discouraged employing the effects.
a dentist's office. Numerous customers report serious aches and sensitivity following your procedure, also to the level that they've issues consuming food.
The bay leaves and also lavender assist your natural psychic abilities to open up and you could make use of these fallen leaves again and again until they loose their fragrance.
If you need someone to bush hog a field, pasture, or other area we can help you. Sometimes it's difficult to find a reliable bush hogging service in the Canaan, Vermont area. Many of the local bush hoggers have too much to do, won't travel very far, or charge way too much. A lot of the time they get too busy and just can't get to it. Well, you won't have to worry about that stuff if you choose us. Our bush hoggers and field mowers will make sure to show up when they say they will, and they'll do a good job for you every single time. Best of all, they will charge you fair, reasonable prices you can afford. We take on bush hogging jobs of all sizes and can handle almost every type of overgrown field, pasture, brush, underbrush, and everything else. All you need to do to get a quote for bush hogging service is fill out our simple contact form, describe the area you need bush hogged, and we will get back to you right away with a quote for the job.
What is the street address and zip code where the work will be performed? * Zip Code: Street Address:
By submitting your information, you are agreeing to be contacted about your service request by email, telephone, or text. This could include the use of autodialed and / or prerecorded calls or messages to the phone number you have provided above, which includes your wireless telephone number, if provided. I understand that my consent is not a condition of purchase.
At Bob's Bush Hogging we want to be your first choice of all Canaan, Vermont bush hogging services. We can accommodate most bush hogging and field mowing requests in a timely manner. The quicker you get on our schedule the better, because bush hogging is in high demand these days. We'll do our best to take care of all your bush hogging needs in a timely manner.
will you use this data to: (a) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail, telephone, or facsimile of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations to entities other than the data recipient's own existing customers; or (b)
enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data to the systems of Registry Operator, a Registrar, or Afilias except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing registrations. All rights reserved. Pub
lic Interest Registry reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. By submitting this query, you agree to abide by this policy.
Description:Honolulu Marathon 26.2 miles in paradise 5am, December 11, 2016 Honolulu, Hawaii Open to all runners and walkers. No time limit!
Race information and athlete tracking The 2016 Honolulu Marathon app is made in conjunction with our timing partner, and will offer greater tracking accuracy.
The Honolulu Marathon is incredibly pleased and proud that, Feyisa Lilesa will be running at Honolulu on December 11. Repost from Washington Post, Sept 13, 2017 Marathoner Feyisa Lilesa packed his bags and left his wife and two children last month, with plans to post a blazing fast time at the Summer Olympics, earn #8230;
Originally posted by Living808 on KHON2 The Honolulu Marathon and the Hapalua Half-Marathon is just around the corner and Living808 is here to get you trained up and ready for the biggest run of your life. Website for the Honolulu Marathon: www.honolulumarathon.org When: December 11, 2016 Hapalua Hawaii’s Half-Marathon: http://thehapalua.com/ When: April 9, 2017 The #8230;
New for 2016 #8211; The Kalakaua Merrie Mile Date:  Saturday December 10, 2016 #8211; The day before the Honolulu Marathon Location: Kalakaua Avenue, Waikiki, Honolulu The Kalakaua Merrie Mile is an epic one mile run down Kalakaua Avenue. This is going to be a fun event with a Waikiki beach party after the run. We #8230;
By Chris Lotsbom, @ChrisLotsbom(c) 2015 Race Results Weekly, all rights reservedIn a word, Filex Kiprotich #8217;s race could be described as calculated. The 27-year-old Kenyan played his cards perfectly, staying patient through the early stages before unleashing a surprising surge at 30 kilometers.Through the half-marathon in 1:06:58 (much slower than the 1:05:30 organizers had requested from #8230;
By Chris Lotsbom, @ChrisLotsbom(c) 2015 Race Results Weekly, all rights reserved As fireworks lit up the Hawaiian sky at Ala Moana Beach Park, Joyce Chepkirui got off to a blazing start. Leaving the pacemaker in their wake, Kenyans Chepkirui, Isabella Ochichi, and Lucy Karimi would roll through Waikiki well under course record pace, splitting an #8230;
By Chris Lotsbom, @ChrisLotsbom(c) 2015 Race Results Weekly, all rights reservedHONOLULU (11-Dec) #8212; With a snow-white colored parrot in one hand and the other hand making the traditional Hawaiian shaka sign, defending Honolulu Marathon champion Wilson Chebet was clearly enjoying himself. Having arrived on Thursday, the 30-year-old is ready for Sunday #8217;s race, where he #8217;ll seek #8230;
2015 © Honolulu Marathon - All information published on this website is subject to change without notice.
We keep several amazing images which you can manage as design ideas and/or for informative benefit of Garten Im Frühjahr. Admin belief that you are all enjoying our compilation of the most outstanding picture of Garten Im Frühjahr here and manage them for personal usage. We also give the photos in High Definition (HD) Resolution which can be downloaded to your computer. What you need is just click on the collection of Garten Im Frühjahr underneath.
If your car or truck has the slightest little bit of auto glass destruction, we endorse you're taking motion and give our qualified customer care Associates a phone to obtain a cost-free estimate of what the Price tag might be to deal with the harm to your auto glass now right before it turns into a far more expensive alternative career!
We initially made use of San Pedro Glass to interchange a damaged window various months in the past. They were timely, courteous and proficient, and reasonably priced. We have now due to the fact made use of them to interchange the wheels over a sliding glass doorway, and swap the monitor door. Once again, Specialist provider by Leo, and reasonably priced.
That becoming mentioned they took measurements for just a broken window and in no way confirmed nearly repair it. They don't return phone calls or response their phone. I suppose I have to get started with a fresh enterprise.
Anything from start to complete was superb. Customer care is great, uncomplicated to work with, and accommodating. Richie was the tech that arrived to …
“Selected” listings, or These with highlighted Web-site buttons, show YP advertisers who instantly give aspects with regards to their firms that can help men and women make extra educated purchasing alternatives.
Parker D. mentioned "I hardly ever make an effort out to jot down testimonials but…" go through more and more people also seen
As a car or truck or truck operator in Southern California, there's nothing worse as opposed to dreaded sound of the rock placing your windshield or other window on your automobile though driving on our occupied roadways about L. a.. If this occurs to you personally, or else you will be the victim of a Terrible auto crack-in, then getting a quality organization to deal with your auto glass substitution needs is key to acquiring your car or truck again on the road in a secure problem.
Cellular Autoglass Repair , . Auto Glass Store delivers cell assistance, to your house or Office environment at no more demand. Connect with now and we are going to source you which has a absolutely free estimate. Auto Glass Shop does full windshield repair and Auto Glass Repair in , . What could be envisioned whenever you ought to change your windshield. In case you have hardly ever had Auto Glass Substitute completed on the car you may not know very well what may be predicted from the procedure. Below is A fast define of your measures it is possible to expect Whenever your windshield is changed. The glass mechanic will start out by checking its interior and exterior. That is a plan inspection To make certain every little thing is clean and to be able. Future the floors, seats, and the outside within your automobile will likely be protected to keep them from acquiring extra adhesive on them or worse nevertheless scratched.
Just one in their drivers ran an intersection with four quit indications yesterday in my city. I laid about the horn but he blew right earlier me without having even lookin…
I claimed alright. I went to get my automobile just right prior to 5 plus a Woman was there. I paid out her and he or she gave me my vital. The car or truck appeared great and expert The fresh window. Mainly because extra info the shop is so smaller sized my auto was parked about the street And that i did not want to examine the vehicle while qualified visitors was whizzing by so I drove my vehicle or truck across the corner to examine it. Normally, Practically anything seemed all correct. The very best while in the doorway trim (where you would relaxation your elbow) was unfastened when put next to a different doorway. (two many years in the past, I'd the passenger side window modified so I were assessing equivalent Work concluded). The trim on my passenger facet was confined and cosy. Soon following viewing this, I walked back again on the store and talked to the girl there.
This organization has performed an awesome occupation on replacing glass Once i broke Home windows. They place glass in all my higher cupboards in my new kitchen.
called to try and acquire a estimate for a colleague of mine And they'd not quotation me. I had been explained to which they wanted selected specifics of their car or truck and…
By all implies. I am certain this area is excellent, and so they did an incredible job putting in a different window click here in a brief length of time. They had been sort and friendly, and very Qualified. They made it a pleasing process and for $125, I could get my window changed. So thanks very much, having said that leaving broken glass from when you acquire out the initial window in the vehicle is not the best.
It occurs a lot in our industry for the reason check here that there isn't any legislation shielding The patron from untrained and unprofessional auto glass repair professionals who do sloppy operate and disregard you Once your new windshield starts to leak.
The Nike Brasilia 6 XL Backpack Black/Black/White. Haul your essential gear to practice in the NIKE Brasilia 6 XL backpack, an easy-to-carry design for athletes on the move. It features multiple large compartments for books, equipment, and more, as well as a large front pocket and side mesh water bottle pocket. Dimensions: H 19.5′ x W 14′ x D 10′. Color: Black. The Nike Brasilia 6 XL Backpack Black/Black/White
Because I desire a clean and healthy skin, I became increasingly interested in the latest beauty news. So I discovered and tried ProSkin cleaning treatment, which had a tremendous effect on my skin.
When we talk about skin care, cleaning is absolutely essential for a glowing face. Also, when you have close the newest beauty gadget beauty, the exfoliation process becomes a pleasure in the daily routine.
The healthy and shiny hair is one of the most important signs of feminine beauty. It is a symbol of femininity so it deserves all the attention and care from us.
Teeth whitening is sort of like a virus. Even yet in difficult financial moments, this industry still lasts, and also gets stronger as years pass.
to decorate yourself. Customers wanted and wish to become self-assured concerning their shows, plus in this modern world, even the littlest depth can certainly make a
can do something to allow minimize the staining. There are many whitening products and services accessible.
but the major objective is make that happen whiter crowd-stopping smile, and at the same time have actually natural-looking white teeth.
oxide as the ingredients in their tooth whitener ties in. The compound Hydrogen Peroxide (HO) is a bleaching agent which converts into h2o (HO) and releases an Oxygen unit (O) during the process associated with substance reaction. Both drinking water and air are standard, safe components of our day to
The air particles permeate the tough area of any teeth (despite the fact that they appear sleek, they might be microscopically rough, rod like
I love to explain this by picturing the TV advertisements which showcase precisely a clothes cleansing dust with oxygen lifts
Discover teeth whitening services and products using Hydrogen Peroxide and that's pH equal, indicating they will have no, or reasonable acidity ranges.
dental enamel by many folks period greater than a seasoned hydrogen peroxide supported dental whitening gel could, if
to hold these matters in mind when searching and before you make the ultimate decision: the company creating the merchandise, the entire process of putting some item, the quality, as
Pretty great post. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and wished to mention that I've really enjoyed browsing
I believe that you simply can do with a few % to drive the message house a little bit, however instead
Our spam filter deletes 20 remarks a day with individuals attempting to offer their Revolutionary Herpes Remedy." I understand that many are desperate for a cure and understand why they want to believe there one.
Inside second half of that thirty days, Jordan concerns also are important complementary a new Jordan Breeze influence 1 short.
also white shoes has been build up, while on really case ingredient variety making use of 2 unique variations of natural leather.
model of that token_sinlow_type main determined invigorated roll up associated with natural green into the stream.
Hi my friend! I want to say that this post is amazing, great written and include almost all important
interest. I'm going to take a note of your website and keep checking for new details about once a week.
to be running off the screen in Opera. I'm not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but
you are much better offf monetizing through affiliate advertisements or adverts to your personal product.
As the turn of events unfolded, the Spanish colonizers did not find it difficult to occupy the Central Luzon area.
The Duchess of Cambridge teamed her ensemble with a pair of Russell & Bromley navy pumps and rocked her wavy locks to complete her appearance.
You managed to hit the nail upon the highest and outlined out the entire thing with no need side effect , people could take a signal.
Undeniably believe that that you stated. Your favourite justification appeared to be on the net the simplest factor
to remember of. I say to you, I definitely get irked while other folks consider worries that they plainly don't understand about.
Howdy I am so grateful I found your webpage, I really found you by error, while I was searching on Bing for something else, Anyways I am here now and would
(I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to read it all at the moment but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds,
A handful of my blog readers have complained about my site not operating correctly in Explorer but looks
Spot on with this write-up, I honestly believe this website needs much more attention. I'll probably be returning to read
easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I definitely get annoyed while people consider worries that they plainly don't know about.
You managed to hit the nail upon the top and defined out the whole thing without having side effect , people could
Great beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your web site, how could i subscribe for a blog website?
The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept
why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your blog when you could be giving us something enlightening to read?
Just want to say your article is as astonishing. The clarity for your submit is simply nice and that
Fine along with your permission allow me to grab your RSS feed to stay up to date with imminent post.
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I've really enjoyed surfing around your weblog posts.
Lean - Tea from Himalaya is a refreshing herbal drink helps reduce conversion of carbohydrates to fats thereby letting
In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will probably be a lot more
favorite it. Money and freedom is the greatest way to change, may you be rich and continue to help others.|
but I'm having a difficult time making a decision between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal.
The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I'm looking for something unique.
I'm not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I thought I'd post to let you know.
Does your blog have a contact page? I'm having problems locating it but, I'd like to shoot you an e-mail.
Hi there, i read your blog occasionally and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a lot of spam comments?
Hi there! This post couldn't be written much better! Reading through this article reminds me of my previous roommate!
Wow! This blog looks just like my old one! It's on a totally different topic but it has pretty much the same page layout
You made some really good points there. I checked on the net for additional information about the issue and found most individuals will go along with
Hello! I could have sworn I've visited this web site before but after going through many of the posts I
realized it's new to me. Nonetheless, I'm definitely happy I discovered it and I'll be bookmarking it and checking back often!|
Heya i'm for the first time here. I came across this board and I in finding It truly useful & it helped me out a lot.
I all the time used to read article in news papers but now as I am a user of web so from now I am using
Hi there, I found your web site by means of Google even as searching for a comparable matter, your site came up, it appears great.
Is this a paid theme or did you modify it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare
Very shortly this site will be famous amid all blog viewers, due to it's pleasant articles or reviews
with a demo on my Raspberry Pi 2. That way I have a low-cost, functional as well as flexible home automation web
Features like that elevate the SmartThings hub to a level beyond the others, as well as make for an exceptional piece of software.
The set, which is manufactured by Lutron, the venerable House Automation company, includes Android as
Hello there! I could have sworn I've been to this site before but after browsing through some of the post I realized it's new to me.
Please click on one of the buttons below to take you to the relevant payment page for your TESOL/TEFL course.
Lucas New Zealand Satisfactorily completed get the job done with excellent formatting as per the APA structure Satisfactorily accomplished get the job done with great formatting According to the APA structure. I used to be often searching for something amazing like this. Many thanks fellas for your special help and quality get the job done.
The following details will help to illustrate how the Research Guides are intended: Analyze Guides are according to distinct college or university amount textbooks, which may be acquired from area bookstores, the publisher, or the College's Lending Library.
Your management assignments or property-is effective are dealt with by our really able qualified team. Just observe an easy a few stage procedure and do away with all of your administration difficulties.
Transfer grades gained must be similar to a letter quality of C (two.0 GPA) or larger. No specialised training or experiential Finding out credit rating is usually awarded at the graduate level.
Also, There's generally controversy concerning the kind and level of help students can acquire even though performing coursework. In the majority of Discovering establishments, plagiarism or unreasonable coursework help may perhaps result in coursework disqualification, pupil expulsion, or both.
The proctored assessment can be done via a "pencil and paper" check or on-line. Proctored examinations concluded with "pencil and paper" may very well be finished in a number of classes.
The ultimate examination of your respective degree's worth is whether it helps make you An impressive worker and helps you advance your vocation. Our pleased grads—and their content employers—affirm that WGU is The trail to that sort of diploma.
MSU Online makes it possible for you to attend class despite locale or time zone. Simply because you talk to your teacher and course online, you may complete your full diploma with no location foot on campus.
Every person in the class was surprised through the creative presentation and I had been becoming praised a lot of by my professor. Sensation very motivated Because of you fellas who have helped me to definitely getting a High definition for this closing assignment.
We deliver all your assignments and research right before time or by the due date. We will never be late in presenting the finished do the job to you and are also obtainable for Urgent Assignment Help companies.
Online university supplies a practical and flexible choice to progress your career. The one hundred% online and common correspondence programs Enable you end up picking when and where by to find out. Dwell college student help is offered for the duration of regular company several hours if you need 1-on-1 assistance.
You’ll get the a knockout post job done via Every single system as speedily as it is possible to study and discover the material. Once you’re Prepared, you’ll move the assessment, complete the course, and move on. What this means is you can complete as several courses as you're able within a term at no supplemental Price.
Reasoning and Dilemma Solving helps college students internalize a systematic course of action for exploring difficulties that will take them further than an unexamined point of view and encourages them to become extra self-mindful thinkers by making use of concepts of issue identification and clarification, scheduling and information collecting, determining assumptions and values, Assessment and interpretation of information and info, reaching very well-Launched conclusions, and pinpointing the function of crucial pondering from the disciplines and professions.
A complete group of college users has 1 intention in mind: your results. Your Plan Mentor is your independently assigned faculty member, delivering application assistance and instruction through the working day you start towards the day you graduate.
These email addressess are only used for the purpose of sending an email on your behalf. If you have questions please review our Privacy Policy
Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 7-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance.
SEATS FRONT BUCKET includes uplevel seat design with driver and passenger side seatback pockets (NP5) Steering wheel leather-wrapped rim includes shift knob and parking brake handle (STD)
*† Based on 2004 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your actual mileage will vary, depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle.
Design Gallerist: The New Revival of the Arts and Crafts Movement ⇒ In the last few decades, increasingly sophisticated mass production methods have led to an abundance of choices for consumers. However, that sometimes causes a loss of individuality and quality. More and more people are rejecting machine-produced products in favour of handmade products. This social trend mirrors the original Arts and Crafts Movement of the 19th century when people advocated a return to traditional craftsmanship during the industrial revolution. Now, CovetED...
This is an ELECTRIC Piston milking machine. If an ELECTRIC Vacuum Pump model is needed, please check the other listing. Please note that all of the following prices are based on good quality material, the bucket, the base, the muffler, the shelf, the valve adopt stainless steel, the milking bucket is mirror polished inside and outside. This is a piston-type milking machine with 2 buckets.
It milks softly, which can improve the quality and increase the yield of the milk. Change from hand to machine has many benefits including faster milking due to improved routines and better milk let down. Besides, it features low noise, convenient operation and high efficiency. Good choice for dairy farms.
Convenient operation and high efficiency. Robust structure which means easy maintenance. Large heavy duty wheels to make it easy to move around. Robust parts which means low maintenance cost. (1) Check the supply voltage. It should not be higher than 1.05 times of the rated voltage. Otherwise, the machine needs to be equipped with a.
(2) Before boot , you need to check the level of lubricating oil which should be in the middle of the lubricating oil window. Put through the power supply and turn on the power switch.
Cover the milk pail and close the milk clawpiece valve. Then open the vacuum valve on the vacuum tank. The pointer should point to 48kpa.
Attention: you need to put suction cups as soon as possible to reduce air flowing into the cup, which is very important to milking machine with dual clawpiece. That is because too much air flowing into the cups may cause the suction cups which are put up to fall off. The level of the milk in the pail should not be higher than 2/3 of the height of the pail.
Otherwise, milk will be sucked into the vacuum pump and destroy the pump. (1) Put the machine into a. Switch on the machine and let the water flow through the suction cups into the pail. Wash the pail by hand and pour the water after washing. You also need to wash the suction cups, milk pail and rubber pipes by hand gradually.
Great customer service to help you troubleshoot the machine, which is checked before leaving the factory. Free Cleaning Supplies Sent with Every Order!! 1 Quart Vacuum Pump Oil for High Performance!!!! Check out my other items.
The only supplier without any hidden costs! The item "Green Piston Milker Cows Double Tank Factory Direct -BRAND NEW+ FREE EXTRAS" is in sale since Sunday, November 22, 2015. This item is in the category "Business & Industrial\Agriculture & Forestry\Livestock Supplies\Cattle - Dairy". The seller is "qualitycounts403" and is located in Calgary, Alberta.
I am looking to see what software other SUNY Colleges are using for online student course evaluations of professors at the end of the semester. I am looking to put together a list what other colleges are using.
We have been using IDEA survey, but are trying to move to Enterprise Survey. I used ES at my previous university for course evaluations.
At Niagara County Community College we use Smart Evals. The one positive thing with this software is that we can personalize it a little by adding questions specific to our online courses if we choose to do so. Hope this helps!
At Buffalo State we converted a lot of the departments to Blackboard Enterprise Surveys over the last two years but we've run into a lot of issues due to the bugs that are introduced at every cumulative update. We've also had issues where people have deployed surveys accidentally to everyone (even the ones that weren't supposed to get it) and some of the reports are flat out wrong (example: pie chart summary)
I headed a committee where we evaluated EvaluationKIT, eXploranceBlue, CourseEval. We decided to pilot EvaluationKIT this spring based on features and cost.
It's a very nice product that offers a lot and was easy to integrate. We're going to roll it out and phase the departments into it. I can't wait to get away from Blackboard Enterprise Surveys.
At Rockland Community College, we use a form that was approved by our Faculty Senate and designed by our Office of Institutional Research.
Would anyone be willing to share their actual instrument questions with us so we can let our faculty help us develop similar questions?
At Brockport we use a home grown system (that has to change) and we are investigating possible systems this year. I'd also love to hear if you have any strong recommendations about a particular system (good or bad).
We used IDEA when I first started here in 2000 but stopped because of the cost. Although any instrument has limited value, I appreciated that it attempted to differentiate courses, such as my freshman level gen ed required math course versus a graduate course in the major.
At the University at Buffalo the course evaluations are managed by the Center for Educational Innovation and is an enterprise-wide service. You can find details of the opperation on our web site including the question sets used. Read more... https://www.buffalo.edu/course-evaluation.html
Created by Alexandra M. Pickett Aug 19, 2010 at 11:52am. Last updated by Alexandra M. Pickett Jun 23, 2015.
All materials on our website are shared by users. If you have any questions about copyright issues, please report us to resolve them. We are always happy to assist you.
Many items have not been posted online yet. Besides, our top traditional tailors and craftsmen can custom make it specially for you at a very reasonable price. Feel free to describe it in the following form or email us at service@china-cart.com.
It looks tough enough for battle. It is almost the perfect size to slide into a rifle and fire. If looks strangely dangerous. In the end, the Boker Plus Tactical Pen CID Cal. 45 is a writing instrument. It is built strong enough to be
Manufacturers are coming out with Smart Watches and wearable gear rapid fire, but Samsung has just leaped back to the front of the pack with the announcement of the Samsung Gear S. The Gear S enhances the wearable experience by adding more apps and features
THIS SITE has moved to www.hepcvsg.org. All updates are via that internet address. Please update your favourites.
My name is Darlene Morrow and I started this website in 1997 when I first began treatment. At that time it was interferon only but in 9 months I qualified for the clinical trials with Rebetron. I didn't substain a response and have suffered permanent nerve damage in my neck as a result.This makes doing computer work painful. I will therefore not be maintaining this site.
There's a lot of good info here. Background stuff and general hepc info. I hope it will be useful to people. I have managed to scrap enough cash together to keep the domain name registered for the next 7 years. So HepC VSG. will get you to the place where I am hosting the website. I have run out of room on Geocities so I am transferring things over.
The best Canadian site with the most up-to-date information on everything hepc related is my good friend Sandi's
Today's date is April 8, 2004. I have currently been undergoing hyperthermia treatment in The Netherlands for the hepatitis C. This hyperthermia was a clinical trial and was a one time only operation where the entire body's blood was heated to 41.8C over a period of 7 hours.
This was followed by induction therapy using regular interferon 10 million units a day plus ribavirin (1000mg/day) for one week, 5 million units of interferon plus ribavirin for an additional week then 1.5 micrograms of PEG interferon weekly plus 1000mg daily ribavirin.
I have been having a lot of trouble with the drug side effects but I did go PCR undetectable within one month of beginning treatment and have remained so. I will complete the therapy at the end of March 2004 and will update everyone then.
Information and advice is not intended to be used in place of professional medical advice. Ask your doctor before acting on any advice to be sure it's right for your particular health situation.
Polska jest krajem o bardzo bogatej historii. Na przełomie lat w Polsce notowały się różne ilości osób zamieszkałych w naszym kraju. Dla przykładu około tysięcznego roku naszej ery, na terenie ówczesnej Polski żyło około miliona do dwóch milionów ludzi. Na pewno wiele osób z was zastanawiało się lub postawiło sobie pytanie „Ile liczy bieżąca populacja polski„. Niestety na to pytanie nie ma jednoznacznej odpowiedzi, ponieważ sytuacja ciągle się zmienia. W dwa tysiące dziesiątym roku populacja wynosiła około trzydzieści osiem milionów pięćset trzydzieści tysięcy osób. Przez ponad tysiąc lat populacja zwiększyła się ponad trzydziestokrotnie. Na chwilę obecną nie posiadane są dane odnośnie ludności na dwa tysiące osiemnasty rok, dlatego zmuszony jestem posłużyć się danymi sprzed dwóch lat. W dwa tysiące szesnastym roku populacja Polski wynosiła trzydzieści siedem milionów dziewięćset pięćdziesiąt tysięcy ludzi. Jak widzimy liczba ludzi która opuszcza kraj zmienia się diametralnie. Na przestrzeni sześciu lat możemy zaobserwować spadek liczby ludności o ponad sześćset tysięcy. Jest to spowodowane zdecydowaną chęcią zarobku, dlatego nasi obywatele opuszczają granice państwa, aby wrócić do niego po latach lub zostać na obczyźnie. Z wielką nadzieją patrzę na przyszłość i liczę, że nastąpi nagły i gwałtowny wzrost demograficzny, który spowoduje rozwój całego państwa i ludzie, którzy wyjechali za granicę w celach zarobkowych wrócą. Według niepewnych źródeł populacja Polski z roku na rok spada o ponad pięćdziesiąt tysięcy spowodowane jest to masową emigracją zarobkową. Średnia wieku w Polsce wynosi ponad czterdzieści lat, spowodowane jest to tym, że w Polsce rodzi się co raz mniej dzieci. Liczę, że aktualny rząd przyczyni się do wzrostu rodzin i zmiany aktualnego modelu rodziny dwa plus jeden na dwa plus dwa. Zmiany te pozytywnie wpłyną na gospodarkę państwa na przyszłe lata oraz zapewnią odpowiednie miejsca pracy dla młodych zamieszkujących Polskie ziemie. Z niecierpliwością czekam, na oficjalne dane na rok dwa tysiące osiemnasty odnośnie bieżącej populacji Polski.
Ticket admitting Joseph C. Thompson as a “pupil” at the New York Eye Infirmary, 1826. It is signed by the Infirmary’s founders, Edward Delafield and John Kearny Rodgers.
A small donation we received this summer documents what may be the earliest known ophthalmological instruction in New York, and perhaps the nation. The gift was of seven admission tickets for classes at the College of Physicians and Surgeons (P&S) belonging to Joseph C. Thompson of Monmouth County, New Jersey. Thompson attended P&S during the 1826/27-1827/28 academic years, though he never received a degree from the school.
As at most ante-bellum US medical schools, P&S students took courses in any order they cared to, and in any topic. Thompson’s admission tickets were “proof of purchase” showing that he’d paid the professor whose class he was attending. Not particularly rare on the market, admission tickets remain generally affordable medical collectibles. Archives & Special Collections, as with most medical history collections, has a good number of them, but our holdings for the 1820s were thin so we were happy to receive these.
To our surprise, most of them were for professors and courses we hadn’t seen before. Two in particular caught our attention: one for admission to “lectures of the diseases of the eye” taught by Edward Delafield and another admitting Thompson as a “pupil” at the New York Eye Infirmary. Delafield, an 1816 P&S graduate, along with his medical school classmate, John Kearny Rodgers, had founded the New York Eye Infirmary in 1820, making it not only the oldest eye hospital in the US but the oldest specialty hospital of any kind in this country. It still exists as the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai Medical Center.
“This is a Christian institution and we will tolerate no Jews here”: The Brooklyn Interns Hazing Episodes of 1916 & 1927: Lecture, October 10 September 12, 2018
I’m tardy in posting my chat with “Milk” producers Bruce Cohen and Dan Jinks from the Directors Guild of America Awards. They were at the event to support the film’s director, Gus Van Sant, so I asked them to share with me their thoughts on him.
“There would be no “Milk” without Gus Van Sant,” said Jinks. “He did more than direct this movie. He actually was in conversations with Oliver Stone many, many, many years ago about directing a film version of Harvey Milk’s life. It didn’t happen then but it came back around through the writer of “Milk”: Dustin Lance Black and actually, the real Cleve Jones. Lance gave the script to Cleve and Cleve gave the script to Gus. It was so important to all of us to authentically portray the 1970s and there’s nobody who’s more about authenticity than Gus.”
Cohen picked up on the authenticity theme and how Van Sant was at the ideal place in his career to direct “Milk.”
“He’s one of the great directors alive,” he said. “But what was so exciting for this movie is he’s made these bigger more mainstream films that people love – “Good Will Hunting” and “To Die For” and “Finding Forrester – and then, he had been in a phase for the last 4-5 years where he was making these smaller independent movies where he was really working on authenticity.”
“You don’t even feel like you’re watching a film,” Bruce said. “You feel like you’re watching real people having real experiences. What we feel is that for “Milk,” he brought those two strands of his work together. It has this big, epic Hollywood biopic feel to it and yet, it feels so real. You really feel like you’re in San Francisco in 1978 and I think that’s why people are responding to it.”
Good evening. Hello. The excellent site, has especially liked design. Thanks. Help me! Could you help me find sites on the: Vermox plus tabletas. I found only this – bulova clock mantle wall. As an look on safety, one can connect now with the non-alcohol, lcd monitor. Lcd monitor, the control for me, the significant family in variance of the digital software was because sequence; if the bedding uses very think also pitch that would find beyond like have. Thank 😮 Baylor from Azerbaijan.
While we wait for the scientific results of Sunday’s close flyby to be analysed, we can take a look at the results from the previous closest flyby, in 2010, some results from which are currently in press in the journal Icarus (“Phobos Mass Determination from the very Close Flyby of Mars Express in 2010” M. Pätzold et al.).
Phobos as seen by the HRSC nadir channel during Mars Express Orbit 7926. Credit: ESA/DLR/FU Berlin (G. Neukum)
In short, the paper summarises the geophysical parameters of Phobos and discusses their implications. The mass of Phobos is estimated as 1.0603 x 10^16 kg (uncertainty less than 0.5 %) and the density is 1862 kg/m3 (uncertainty less than 2%). For comparison, the density of Mars is about 3930 kg/m3, and Earth has a density of around 5520 kg/m3.
The low density of Phobos is consistent with the moon having a high porosity with an uneven mass distribution; in other words, it is essentially a rubble pile with large empty spaces between the rocky blocks that make up the moon’s interior.
This favours the formation scenario in which Phobos was born in orbit around Mars from a disc of debris and is not a captured asteroid – one of the other leading theories for how Phobos and its sibling Deimos came into existence.
The debris disc could have resulted from a large impact on the surface of Mars, or perhaps Phobos (and maybe Deimos) formed from left-over debris from the formation of Mars itself.
Whatever the source of the material, the paper concludes: “Phobos must be seen as a second-generation Solar System object born like a Phoenix from the ashes.”
Sunday’s flyby brought Mars Express to just 45 km the moon, enabling even more accurate measurements to be made – some of which could not be derived even during 2010’s close pass – so there is still more incredible scientific knowledge to look forward to!
Information for schools, astronomy clubs, science centres and any other eligible group wishing to take part. Official hashtag: #vmcschools
Watch the replay: 19 October 2014 - Mars Express team at ESOC monitor the flyby of comet Siding Spring
In collaboration with photographer Stian Broch this has become a great book with wonderful pictures and exciting recipes. The book has received a clean design that suits the images and makes the book very attractive and delicate.
They like to adopt things that are trendy and unique. This contrast produces a strong visual effect, very
A squeeze page is a ppage devoted too at least onee objective: gathering email addresses from your focused subscribers.
I'll appreciate in case you continue this in future. Numerous folks might be benefited from your writing.
part for $20 as well as plug it right into my house and also program it without a monthly subscription, I 'd enjoy house automation also.
Brush and floss your smile any after food, and visit your dentist consistently for a specialist cleaning that can scour the actual inmost recesses of
the gum tissue. Of course, this is the taste of genuine beauty: it's everything about exactly what lays underneath.
For the following six months I tried all the various teeth pastes currently available without having visible outcomes.
just spend the money for outrageous rates the dentist ended up being asking.I even looked at cosmetic dental
took on the Internet. Below I discovered the way to get shiny white teeth when you do some research to the teeth bleaching
We used nights looking into for you to get glowing white teeth with the aid of free types of the products,
Nobody believed anything bad about this but deeper inside i am aware some thing must be carried out.
Dental practitioners also have use of additional concentrated prescription hydrogen peroxide expertise.
Aquafresh White Trays (approximately $37) enable you to just use these trays in the mouth area for 45 moments every
With this strategy you are going to find the features of the continual call during a period of time period without
A day-to-day consumption of about eight to 10 eyeglasses of water a day assists combat skin troubles linked with fat buildup.
More care is required to make certain that any kind of component of the system that handles mains voltage is attended to with safety warnings and also more like provide isolation in between the high and low
Hi! I could have sworn I've visited your blog before but after going through a few of the articles I realized
I could claim that collaborating with Mile High Automation on the residence automation system was the smoothest part of our building experience.
No have to stress over changing your treasured stereo or HD tv-- our system incorporates modern technology from all
We at will cast an extracurricular relations spell for you on the Friday complying with the date you submit the form listed below.
I have written this publication according to the true international paintings stories i've got encountered during the last 32 years within the consulting company. in reality, i've got in my opinion utilized and transferred the tips and ideas during this e-book to others in the nationwide actual property consulting company improvement making plans & Financing workforce, Inc., that I co-founded. the data during this e-book is identical fabric that has been instrumental in contributing to the numerous development of the corporate and its staff.
Now, for the 1st time, i'm sharing on a wide scale those ideas that experience confirmed to serve the personal consulting company so good. This booklet presents a sequence of attributes--or do’s and don’ts--that, while utilized on your enterprise, will unquestionably bring up your own and financial price in today’s workforce.
While your vehicle brakes down, it may be a major challenge! yet do not worry--a mechanic could have you again at the street very quickly. choked with colourful photographs, this publication takes younger readers behind the curtain at an automobile storage and teaches them concerning the expert execs who support preserve our cars working.
Ivy Black Letter legislation books - writer of 6 released bar essays - glance within! ! !To ace the FYLSE, ignore purely memorizing definitions and begin figuring out and explaining the legislations on your personal phrases. subsequent, research the tradition of marriage among legislations and proof. They move jointly. A criminal sentence isn't whole and won't move with no its helping evidence.
This can be the 1st entire overseas instruction manual at the historical past of arithmetic schooling, protecting a large spectrum of epochs and civilizations, international locations and cultures. beforehand, a lot of the study into the wealthy and sundry heritage of arithmetic schooling has remained inaccessible to the majority of scholars, not least since it has been written within the language, and for readers, of anyone nation.
Preview:In delivering the subsequent paintings to the general public, i've been actuated through a wish to diffuse as largely as attainable the knowledge it comprises; believing will probably be fascinating and instructive to each well-wisher of the human race. i've been ended in put up the next proof, as a result of the interest manifested via virtually each person with whom i've got turn into familiar in the United States, to grasp my historical past, &c.
Design by PsPrint.com. Themes by commercial printing company, custom sticker printing & Homeinbayarea.com.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 5348: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3937)
Oh my god we have our website back, so I'm going to post again. If anyone needs tanking advice I've been doing it for a long time post here and I will try to give some pointers.
Happy July 10th, everyone! The day that, a year ago, I decided to fuck up my morals completely and entirely.
I overthink stuff. Why? Because I have too much time on my hands. Recently I started to really question my social skills, as in making friends but mostly - keeping the friendships alive. I am undoubtedly awful at this. Somehow every closer relationship I had in the past turned to colloquial - "shit". I began wondering why that might be. No clear answer to that. Excluding all the outer factors, like people literally dumping me or something comparable, it's always been me. Me, refusing to take up calls, Me, not writing back. Me, claiming I feel beleaguered. At some point, I just...get bored, and it's easier to just call it quits than to try to make it work.
I wish I was firmly anchored in present-day life, but I'm not. It's so easy to just forget yourself, dwell upon the past or hopelessly dream about the future. I've read somewhere that it's more important to click with people than to click the shutter. (Now that I google'd it, Eisenstaedt said it.) But frankly, I do not care about clicking with people anymore. It's funny how everything comes back, even after just a glimpse. Even after a year. Not always in the melancholic manner, more of a "Look, you were here some time ago, now you're here again and you're completely different."
Yes, I finally watched Bridget Jones' Diary. Yes, I got drunk while doing so. Bridget fucking Jones. Walking awkward perfection. I don't know how I went through life not knowing exactly what this movie is about. Hugh Grant must be the only blue-eyed guy I fancy. But I would still go for Darcy. Oh Colin. Old habits die hard I guess. I am indeed tired of going for the same type all of the time. Sometimes it feels practically like going for the same guy over and over again and yet making the same bloody mistakes. In 19 days I'm going to turn 20. It's about time I sort out my priorities.
"I don't think you're an idiot at all. I mean, there are elements of the ridiculous about you. Your mother's pretty interesting. And you really are an appallingly bad public speaker. And, um, you tend to let whatever's in your head come out of your mouth without much consideration of the consequences... But the thing is, um, what I'm trying to say, very inarticulately, is that, um, in fact, perhaps despite appearances, I like you, very much. Just as you are."
Resolution #1: will find a nice sensible boyfriend and stop forming romantic attachments to any of the following: alcoholics, workaholics, sexaholics, commitment-phobics, peeping toms, megalomaniacs, emotional fuckwits, or perverts.
I just love it when I find myself strolling the streets and just taking pictures. Sometimes, out of pure, senseless ignorance, I find myself hating that place. The other times, I just stop and stare at how beautiful everything is. Art is all about contradictions and polar opposites, I think. When it comes to photographing the city in the sun, Lomography 400 is my fave! I actually bought 800 this time, I'm going to try it out in Gdansk this weekend since I'm taking some time off to chill out and party my brains out.
I talked to my best friend about it, we agreed that ever since we came back here for vacay, we realized the place itself changed. Maybe it's the fact that everyone was away at the Opener Festival and you could walk down the main street not meeting anyone you know but the city felt emptied, felt like it wasn't ours anymore.
I am in my twenties and I come from Poland. I'm a full time dentistry student. I keep trying to find my way in life and this blog is about my journey. I particularly love to travel and take analog photos. Those are the basics! Read my posts to find out more.
Soler,, Moller,, Soller,, Martinez, 1999 Interactions between a brood parasite and its host in relation to parasitism and immune defence
I accept, that this website uses analytics software and cookies, to save information about your visit. For further information about cookies and how we use them click here.
... 5 The Easy Way to Create Video and Slideshow Discs. . VideoStudio 11 is an affordable and easy to use editing and authoring tool for making great home movies Capture video and images from any source edit your movies and share on tape DVD and. Should I remove Ulead VideoStudio SE DVD by Ulead Systems? ...
... English Subbed Torrent 1080p Torrent Free ef00dfc3e6 Rating: Free download naruto shippuden season 2 english dubbed torrent Nike, Inc. Watch (Dub) Homecoming online. Stream Naruto Shippuden season 1, episode 1 instantly. Get Naruto Shippuden Season 12 Torrent Free and Anonymous. . Naruto Shippuden ...
The date is a one-seeded fruit, or berry, usually oblong but varies much in shape, size, color, quality, and consistency of flesh, according to the conditions of culture. More than 1, 000 dates may appear on single single weighing weighing 8 kg (18 pounds) or more. The dried fruit is more than 50 percent sugar by weight and contains about 2 percent each of protein, fat and mineral matter.
Dates provide a wide range of essential nutrients which make it a rich fruit of all. It's main nutrients are as follows;
Sugar : Fresh dates have soft and easily digestible flesh which contain simple sugars like fructose and dextrose. When eat, they replenish energy and revitalize the body instantly.
Fiber : Date is rich in dietary fiber, which results in LDL cholesterol absorption in the gut. Additionally, the fiber works as a bulk laxative and helps to protect the colon mucous membrane by decreasing its food exposure time.
Vitamin A : Dates are moderate sources of vitamin-A (contains 149 International Unit per 100 g), which is known to have antioxidant properties and essential for vision. Additionally, it is also required to maintain health of mucus membranes and skin. Consumption of natural fruits rich in vitamin A is known to help to protect from lung and oral cavity cancers.
Vitamin B-complex : This fruit has adequate levels of B-complex group of vitamins. It contains very good amounts of pyridoxine (vitamin B-6), niacin, pantothenic acid, and riboflavin. These vitamins are involved in the cellular metabolism of carbohydrates, protein and lipids.
It automatically regulates blood clotting by transporting calcium from the body to the area of ​​injury.
It is required to produce a protein called Octeocalcin which binds calcium to the bones matrix to increase its density and in this way it prevent us from osteoporosis.
A woman experiencing excess menstrual bleeding would have been deficient in vitamin K. Dates can help her in reducing the blood flow out of the body.
Calcium : It is an important mineral that is an essential constituent of bone and teeth, and required by the body for muscle contraction, blood clotting, and nerve impulse conduction.
Potassium : 100 g of dates contains 696 mg or 16% of daily recommended levels of Potassium. It is an important component of cell and body fluids that help controlling heart rate and blood pressure. They offer protection against stroke and coronary heart diseases.
These antioxidants protect human cells from harmful effects of oxygen-free radicals therefore eating dates found to be useful in protecting against cancer of colon, prostate glands, breast, lung, and pancreas.
Tannins are known to possess anti-infectious, anti-inflammatory, and anti-hemorrhagic (prevent easy bleeding tendencies) properties.
Zea-xanthin is an important dietary carotenoid that selectively absorbs into the retinal cell line, where it thought to provide antioxidant and protective light-filtering functions. It thus offers protection against age-related macular degeneration of eyes.
Iron : Dates are an excellent source of iron, contains 0. 90 mg / 100 g of fruits (about 11% of Required Dietry Intake). Iron determines the oxygen-carrying capacity of the blood.
Iron Deficiency: The dates are the best source of iron and it fulfil our nutritional needs at its best.
Constipation: Date's fiber reduces LDL cholesterol absorption in gut and thus protects mucus membrane of colon from cancer and works as a bulk laxative to treat constipation. Vitamin B complex also plays an important role in metabolism of carbohydrates, protein, and fats.
Eye's problem : Its Zea-Xanthin protects us against age-related macular degeneration of eyes. Vitamin "A" of dates also improves vision.
Please enter your contact details and a short message below and I will try to answer your query as soon as possible.
Web Producer price updates. + Free Shipping Moonlight Slumber Organic Natural Cotton Pillowcase Cover for Comfort-U Total Body Support Pillow… $38.95 Apart from helping me with my sleeping position and reducing the pressure on my hips, can a pregnancy pillow help lessen the intensity of acid reflux? I am five months pregnant, and the frequency of my acid reflux is quite alarming. Kindly share your thoughts, advice, and recommendations as well. Bulk Gift Cards CHRISTINANovember 13, 2013 at 12:38 pm 9 people found this comment helpful, 1 did not The Best Bug Zappers, According to Amazon Reviews The Best Bug Zappers, According to Amazo… FAMILY FUN ACTIVITIES R29 Stories & News Queen Rose U Shaped Pregnancy pillow Review Sponsorship & Charitable Giving Application 16 Comments BEST FOR MiMi Maternity 37 watching the Middle East	Subscribe with Amazon There are some pillows that work well with multiple issues. There are others that focus specifically on your special needs. Pinpoint exactly what is most important to you before you even start looking. From $15.00 (each) Health Resources Mum and Baby July 27, 2016 at 1:19 pm Stays firm without flattening May not be firm enough for some women who need extra support May 20, 2018 Helps reduce or completely prevents leg swells and joint aches Home & Garden The Best Pillow: Comfort U Total Body Support Pillow, Choosing Pillows for Ideal Body Support The first night I had the body pillow, I actually slept. Sleeping with part of the pillow between my legs aligned my hips and my back. Honestly, I have NEVER slept this well in my life. Some of the reviews mentioned that the pillow went flat. Pssh. Really? I mean if you aren't lazy, you will simply flip the pillow on the opposite side, or knead the fluff to where you need it most. SIMPLE. 1. LeachcoSnoogle Total Body Pillow (Best C-shaped pregnancy pillow): The best stomach down pregnancy pillow It is easily adjustable to your position and at it’s great price it also comes with a lifetime warranty.
This body pillow is shaped like an oversized U that goes down to both sides of your body. Ask a Question Can I remove some of the foam from the pillow? 56% Swatch Requests Ashlyn Harris Customer Service through the website I mentioned was excellent. I asked a few questions about whether the pillow was "solid" or split and got fast answers. After ordering, they sent me several automated messages regarding how to fluff/care for the pillow (after unpacking since it's compressed) and follow up care. I also received many emails regarding links to "how to use" and ideas on what conditions and positions can be useful. It was all very helpful and when I DID choose to reply to what seemed like automated e-mails, I got a live person's response within less than 12 hours each and every time. Don't have an account? Sign Up Sure, they may cost more than a standard pillow, but don't let sticker shock fool you. A pregnancy body pillow can save money in ways you may not imagine. The right pillow will keep you away from the chiropractor. It may even take the place of expensive massages. Pregnancy Pillow Reviews Sleep Mask Gift Sets Follow Me Every Snuggle-Pedic uses CertiPUR-US® certified foam. Body Pillow; Sleeping with a body pillow between the legs will help support the spine. This is another one of the large products of this type on the market, so you will need to have plenty of bed space to make this work. Also, the Oggi is significantly more expensive than the rest of the options on our list, so be sure that this option is going to fit in your budget. Copyright text 2016 by Intelligentmother.com - Designed by Thrive Themes | Powered by WordPress Some customers felt that the pillow did not maintain its fullness after a few months of use. Pediatric Therapy Topics: Sleep 101 Small enough to be portable Full Body Pillow, U Shaped Pregnancy Pillow & Maternity Support Belly Contoured First of all, you have to decide what the pillow works Best for. There are special pillows for pregnant women and young mothers. When a woman is waiting for the baby, her body is under serious, unusual stress that affects especially the musculoskeletal system. And it is very important for the future mothers to sleep well during pregnancy. This can be achieved by selecting the appropriate pregnancy pillow. The main feature, which combines all pregnancy pillows - is their anatomical structure. The pillows provide a good support for the back and tummy at the same time. They also decrease a pain in joints and muscles. There are also more functional models that can be used after the childbirth for the feeding convenience. Furthermore, the Maternity body pillow can even become a playpen for the child. Body pillows may be very useful not only for pregnant women and mothers. The orthopedic pillows can save people from heartburn, sciatica, nasal congestion and from many other spine problems. One more pillow type is a toy-pillow. These pillows will be a wonderful interior decoration! Buy it: Boppy Multi-Use Slipcovered Total Body Pillow, $50, Boppy.com If you are looking for the best memory foam body pillow for yourself as well as the pregnant women, we bet this product is the right one. PharMeDoc pillow can stop you can tossing and turning over night. Therefore, it is highly recommended for the maternity usage. Adding to that, if can effectively offer the full support on many parts of your body such as neck, back, hip and knees too.What’s more, the cover of this pillow is washable safe as well. We are also pleased to remind you that, this great product comes with a 100% satisfaction guarantee. The Snoogle comes in a few different versions, with the main differences being the cover material and style. We opted to test the Snoogle Chic, which has a zippered, cotton cover, though the less expensive Snoogle Original, with a polyester-cotton blend, sham-style cover is the most popular. When evaluating the Snoogle with physical therapist Ryan, we found that the pillow was too thick, overstuffed both for recommended alignment and comfort (it crooked our tester’s neck upward). It was too firm to wedge under the belly, but also offered little back support. Our tester said the Snoogle’s curvy, elongated shape felt like “sleeping with a boa constrictor,” or “floating in an inner tube,” and the pillow was so narrow that her legs slipped off. The C-shape design, with an open area meant for your belly, feels constricting; you have to flip and reposition the squiggly pillow anytime you want to turn to the other side. The Snoogle is relatively smaller than the Bluestone, but still takes up a lot of bed space. On every other concern mentioned above, the Bluestone performs better. Why Do You Need A Pregnancy Pillow? Gifts for MenGifts for WomenGifts for KidsGifts for BoyfriendsGifts for Girlfriends	Shari Forschen, N.P. Agree or disagree? Chime in, in the comments. While sleep is extremely important during pregnancy, you still don’t want to have to break the bank on this purchase. If this is going to be your only pregnancy, you may not use this pillow again after these few months – and even if you do have other children, you will only use the it few months at a time during those pregnancies. PRIVACY POLICY It is made of environment-friendly bamboo fiber, which provides breathability to the pillow. It is 100% hypoallergenic. OVERVIEW 1. Snuggle-Pedic Body Shredded Memory Foam Combination meital	Updated 4 weeks ago	back and neck pain pillows From $40.00 (each) New Patient Registration Price:	$27.14 So, again here, you may be able to get use out of this pillow even when the pregnancy has been completed. $29.49 Save 10% Off Your First Order! All in all, I love this pillow so much that even after just a few months, I can't imagine sleeping without it! Still haven't figured out what I'll do if I have to fly anywhere. Best Bang for the Buck It is for this reason and its versatility of use that we felt the guide would be lacking if we failed to mention it. It is also a useful sleeping aid from people suffering from joint pains, back pains, and gastric reflux. Recipes Audible Management Service Agreements (MSA) WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS THINK: 116 Models Considered Flaws but not dealbreakers Obviously, this is for hygiene purposes. Some maternity pillows are not recommended to be washed entirely as the composition may rip apart. So, opting for one with an easy-zip pillow case that you can wash regularly will keep the pillow from acquiring foul odor through time. Additional Information $22 at Amazon Get Free Products In Exchange For Reviewing Them - Limited Availability Sign Up Now to Secure Your Spot! Choosing the Right Pillow for Healthy Sleep Full Body Side Sleeper Pillow|Expires Soon Full Body Side Sleeper Pillow|Limited Spots Available Full Body Side Sleeper Pillow|Don't Delay
TIFFANY TRUMP NUDE PHOTOS Taggar blondin bondage dominans. Taggar bdsm bondage dildo. You also acknowledge and agree that you are not offended by nudity and explicit depictions of zozo sex activity. We appreciate your assistance and will use this information to improve our service to you. Taggar babe fetisch lesbisk. Taggar brasilianska dominans fetisch. Geiler kitzler anal ass bdsm. Comment cannot be longer than characters.
This past Friday, the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra opened another year of the Mellon Grand Classics, and for me, it was a little like going back to school. Watching the musicians come back for another season reminded me of students unpacking their bags and moving into the dormitory for another year, all the while greeting friends they hadn’t seen for many weeks, sharing stories of their summers, and looking eager to play again. There was a palpable anticipation.
The joy of reuniting was expressed in the music making. It was evening full of humor, beginning with Corigliano’s playful Promenade Overture, which began with Maestro Tortelier running onto a nearly empty stage (only the percussion were playing). The conductor was shoeless (really) and without his tails, and played the role of being frazzled and late perfectly. His shoes and coat were brought to him, and after hurriedly donning them, he jumped to the podium to give a dramatic downbeat that brought a snap from the percussion followed by an offstage fanfare from the brass. The fanfare, we are told in the program notes, are the last few measures of Haydn’s "Farewell" Symphony played in reverse, and having heard both pieces, and I think the reverse version sounded quite challenging, but the PSO brass handled it nimbly. Next, Rhian Kenny marched to her seat playing a solo piccolo line that was then repeated by the other sections of the orchestra as each made their entrance and took their seats. The final joke came from Craig Knox, running from stage right to stage left on only moments before the end of the piece and adding a few definitive notes from his tuba to end the work. I would bet that most of the audience has never heard this piece before, but it was crowd-pleaser nonetheless, and fun way to kick off a new year.
During the intermission (the hall was packed, by the way), piano soloist Alexander Toradze signed CDs and programs in the lobby, and the mood was jovial. He was racing down the line as intermission came to end, trying to get to everyone who came out to hear him, and those people in turn darted back to their seats as the lights were going down.
The second half featured Symphony Fantasique by Berlioz, and though I’ve heard the work many, many times, I’ve never heard it played live by the PSO, and it was a thrill. Tortelier’s handling of the often heard "March to the Scaffold" was brilliant, dramatic, and exciting, and it felt new.
Working behind the scenes of any business can be disillusioning, and Friday was certainly a long day, but I walked out of the hall feeling refreshed, and my wife and I discussed the concert during most of the car ride home, each of us intrigued by different moments but taking away the same general contentment of an evening well spent.
Back with another cute look! 🙂 A pair of cuties which I wore for a Sunday brunch. There is something
Sharing some of my current favourite styling for this Durga Puja. These are easy to DIY, simple to follow but
Durga Puja not only comes with new clothes, jewellery and makeup, it also comes with varieties traditional delicious foods. And
Just few days to go to Durga Puja and I can’t stop myself from preparing head-to-toe of my outfits. So
This might me one of the most discussed product from Clinique. I got this few weeks back and started using
I went on vacation without giving any notice here. Sorry about that! I will return to regular posting next week. In the meantime, you may check the work of my fellow Seattle urban sketchers for a fix of drawings of familiar surroundings. During our outing last month, we took the light rail and sketched some of the cool public art at several stops. Above is one of my sketches of “A Drop Of Sustenance,” by Tad Savinar, at the Tukwila station.
Gabriel Campanario has been living and drawing in Seattle since '06. He's a Seattle Times artist, founder of Urban Sketchers nonprofit, Spaniard, husband and father. You can follow him on Twitter and Facebook.
You can now take home the work of Gabriel Campanario. Visit The Seattle Times Store for Seattle Sketcher merchandise based on his popular blog & sketches. Shop now.
Archives Select Month February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009
There were many fine and fantastic works of nonfiction for older children and teens in 2015. One such book won the YALSA Award for Excellence in Nonfiction Award while another won an Honor. Now those two authors chat about the process of creating narrative nonfiction. We’ve featured a fair number of Walking and Talking chats on this site, but I think this one is of particular note. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Steve Sheinkin in conversation with M.T. Anderson:
Thanks to Steve for allowing me to showcase his work. For previous entries in the “Walking and Talking” series, please be sure to check out the following:
Elizabeth Bird is currently the Collection Development Manager of the Evanston Public Library system and a former Materials Specialist for New York Public Library. She has served on Newbery, written for Horn Book, and has done other lovely little things that she'd love to tell you about but that she's sure you'd find more interesting to hear of in person. Her opinions are her own and do not reflect those of EPL, SLJ, or any of the other acronyms you might be able to name. Follow her on Twitter: @fuseeight.
I don’t know how I missed this series but I love it! What a great idea. I love seeing authors as comic book characters.
This is the summative – 9-1 will complete this and present on Sept 18th and 9-4 will complete and present on Sept 20th
Coke Studio has emerged as one of biggest brand of Pakistan’s entertainment industry in last few decades. One of the most popular source to listen to Coke Studio is YouTube. Here we have compiled the list of most popular Coke Studio videos on YouTube of all time till October 2018.
Afreen Afreen tops with around 206 million views. Three of the Coke Studio songs bags100+ million views club which is a remarkable achievement. Atif Aslam and Moma Mustehsan are the stars of Coke Studio as both have 2 songs in top 5. Other artists include Ustad Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, Shiraz Uppal, QB, Aima Baig, Asim Azhar and Ustad Rafaqat Khan.
It was aired in Episode 2 of Coke Studio Season 9 and has 206 million views. It was a variation to the original song by Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Javed Akhtar with additional lyrics and sung by Nusrat’s nephew and Coke Studio’s sensation Momina. It became a hit all around South Asia instantly and is the most popular Coke Studio Pakistan video.
It was part of Coke Studio Season 8 Episode 1. It has 187 million views. It is also a recomposition and tribute to original qawali sung by great Sabri Brothers.
It was sung by Momina Mustehsan & Asim Azhar in Episode 6 of Coke Studio Season 9 has 106 million views. Few people know that this song was actually sung by Shuja Haider who is also music director of Coke Studio’s version of the song but the original version was not a success as it became an unofficial love song of the year.
It was aired in Coke Studio Season 8, Episode 3 and has 70 million views so far. Man Amadeh Am means Meri Aamad or in more simple words it means I have come to you. It is a bi-lingual song in Urdu and Persian. It is one of the most popular tracks of Coke Studio and Atif Aslam fans. Gul Panrra costume also became the talk of the town after this song.
Umair Jaswal & Quratulain Balouch teamed up for Sammi Meri Waar in Episode 2 of Coke Studio Season 8 has 33 million views. A typical Pakistani fusion of rock and pop.
The most disliked song of Coke Studio so far is “Ko Ko Korina” by debutant Ahad Raza Mir & Coke Studio darling Momina Mustehsan. It has 130 thousand dislikes and only 51 thousand likes which means 6 out of 10 votes were of dislike.
Scientists have establish the connection between age and the required number of hours for a good night sleep!
lack of sleep will weak our immunity, and can lead to complications for example exhaustion, change in hormone-function, cardiovascular diseases, Visual impairment, diabetes, depression etc 🙁
Sleep deprivation negatively affect body and mind as a result person gains weight, feel a lack of concentration and a decrease in everyday efficiency.
Children under 18 years old should sleep more than 8 hours a night, a young adult 18 to 25 and adults 26 to 64 should sleep not less than 7-9 hours, after the age of 65 a person usually need just 7-8 hours of sleep!!
don’t drink drink caffeinated drinks before going to bed, instead drink chamomile tea before going to bed.
For example, lie on your back hug your knees and exhale-out! Breathe deeply and stay in the position for a minute.
Amount of sleep we actually needFinally!! Sleep-mystery resolvedHow much sleep we actually need?If you can't fall asleep try simple relaxation techniquesLack of sleep can causeTips to improve quality of sleepWhy we need to sleep?
Drones are great, they can make our work easier and more efficient and they can also provide us with a rewarding and fun hobby. Combine the two and you could end up with a job you love and find fun, however, drones are really, really dangerous!
Most hobbies from hunting to playing sports have some dangers with them but the real danger with drones is perhaps that no one realizes the potential damage that you could really do with them and there is a segment of the market that definitely regards them as toys which they are not, they need to be respected.
Up until now no one has managed to take down a commercial aircraft (October 2017 edit, a military helicopter has been hit by a wreckless drone pilot this month! This is an example of why companies are starting to offer drone insurance) playing with a hobby drone so please use common sense and ensure that you are not the first, this is a very possible scenario and not something out of the movies.
With a momentary lapse of concentration a drone pilot could easily start a serious fire (burn your house down!) or lose a finger. Imagine the impact those kind of injuries or events could have at an event like a wedding or perhaps even a funeral and you start to understand the impact that a badly flown or badly maintained drone could have.
When taking to the skys for the first time you meet with a similar dilemma to the first time job seeker, unable to get the job because they have no experience but unable to get experience as they have no job.
The more you fly your drone the safer you will generally be but you do need to get the thing up in the air and play around with it to familiarize yourself with the way it works and become a better pilot.
There will be a post in the next few days to give you some advice on taking your first flight and, while that post will contain a lot of details, at this time the best one liner of advice is to simply take yourself away from everyone and everything to master the art of flying your drone. When you take to the skys for the first time you will be an absolute hazard!
Generally speaking it is good practice to keep your drone a sensible distance away from buildings, carparks, roads. wildlife. and generally anything that someone would be annoyed if you destroyed. In the UK the CAA (Civil Aviation Authority) apply the rule of 50 meters between you and anything classed as a hazard (something that you should not be flying close to).
Some areas do have absolute bans, the only way to be sure you are flying within the law is to research the areas you plan to fly in, however, some manufacturers have done a little to help enforce common sense blocking using no fly technology in combination with GPS to stop their drones from even been able to take off if they are in the vicinity of an airport.
Consumer drones at all grades from toy and hobby and even to an extent commercial grade drones are new to the market. Development is still in the early phases and ideas and features are been implemented as they are though of and as they become technically available. Think about the average car on the road and how long we have been driving, generally auto stop breaks have only become widely available in the last 5 years. Getting into the drone thing right now is like getting into a car when they first took to the roads many, many decades ago!
When we talk about drone and flight safety there are really two areas of concern there is the avoidance of damaging anything or one you may encounter when flying the drone but then the secondary element of safe flying is keeping your drone safe.
This is something you wont hear often on this but in the safety department RTF drones usually have the edge, that’s right, RTF drones are the safest!
In our buyers guide we did talk down RTF a little as we want everyone to get the most out of their drones and the absolute best way to do that is to become an expert which is more easily done if you master the art of building your own drone, however, the buyers guide did talk about fine tuning a drone and the safest drone to buy is one that will have the latest safety features finely tuned to work optimally (read, an RTF!).
The problem with builder drones, drones from kits or even drones other people have custom built and then sold on is that the safety feature is just not the most interesting thing. Drone enthusiasts rarely get into the hobby to build safe drones, more likely the experts who build their own drones are doing so because they want to create faster, more powerful more maneuverable drones. Your car insurance goes up as you buy more expensive and more powerful cars for a reason, its because they are capable of causing more damage, the same thing applies when it comes to flying drones. Some of the extreme customized tweaked for speed and power drones we have seen look like they could take down a building at full speed.
It is best to avoid flying in exceptionally windy conditions and even in mild conditions make sure you are aware of the wind, even at low levels. A new pilot might think a mild wind is almost unnoticeable but consider if your drones maximum speed is 11 meters per second which is roughly 25 miles per hour. Now take a slightly over average UK wind speed of 8 meters per second which is around 17 mph.
When you fly your drone into the wind you are going to have a top speed of 25-17mph = 8mph but when going in the opposite direction you are going to achieve 25+17mph and find you drone moving at 42mph, a 34mph difference simply by changing direction. In 2017 the best drones have instruments to try to manage this but not everyone, and espeically not beginners always have the best drones on the market!
When you think of a drone related injury you are likely going to be thinking of a somewhat comical drone falling out of the sky and hitting someone but a falling flyaway can be serious, especially in a built up area, however, long before your drone takes to the sky there are other hazards you need to be aware of.
When fitting and testing your propellers bear in mind they are designed to spin at speed just like on a helicopter and just because the proportions are smaller does not mean the danger is alleviated, while some very small toy drones wouldn’t even hurt if you caught you finger in the propeller the more serious a drone prop could easily cause you to lose a finger… You want to avoid the propellers altogether, no testing if your drone is lightweight enough to stick your finger in!
If you are buying a drone for a minor be sure to look for one that has some kind of propeller protection/guard in place.
Before your drone will take off you need to arm it which basically means putting it into flight mode. Arming the drone initiates its controller and motors.
Different drones will have different processes to arm them for flight but the basic principle is the same.
Arming the drone is the last thing you do before you start flying, one the drone is armed it knows its ready to fly and it is ready to receive commands from the controller. Here is one of the biggest rules of drone flying, never touch an armed drone, ever, no matter what.
This is a little subjective, if you speak to someone who lost an arm in a drone crash or someone who injured themselves on a propeller they will probably have their own opinions on the most dangerous part of the drone, however, the part most likely to cause a fire through carelessness is without a doubt the battery.
You’ve no doubt read on this site or at least heard about the lipo aka the lithium polymer batteries that power a drone. In the purest sense most “lipo batteries” are actually not true lithium polymer batteries but a hybrid between two technologies.
Batteries use a series of chemical reactions in order to produce electricity, however, true (pure) lithium polymer batteries create the electricity via chemical reaction between dry components.
The problem with a pure lithium polymer batteries is that they are somewhat limited and drone motors are real power consumers, they also need a stable supply of power for obvious reasons.
Drone batteries are more of a hybrid combining wet and dry chemicals to facilitate a higher rate of energy discharge. As you would expect with something that has been tweaked to create a higher more aggressive performance there are increased risks associated with incorrect use.
The increase in risk is twofold, there is a lot of talk online of fire and explosions and that is definitely one side to it but there is also the annoyance of damaging and needing to replace your battery or not getting the maximum life from it due to improper care.
The most common cause of damage to lipo batteries is overcharging which is an easy oversight given mobile phones no longer suffer from this we have all become used to plugging batteries in and letting them charge, drone batteries don’t cut out in the same way and they can be overcharged.
Overcharging your drone battery can actually cause it to swell, swollen batteries are a fire hazard and susceptible to explosion.
Plugging in a damaged battery onto a charger can result in swelling and a fire, while no one would knowingly attempt to charge a damaged battery lipos are very fragile and you might not know if a cell has been damaged. Dropping a battery is enough to permanently damage it so you imagine the potential damage that could come from an inevitable drone crash.
For those people who have had the same cellphone for as long as they can remember and habitually plug it in every night it may come as a surprise to know that drone batteries actually wear out and have a finite amount of charges. Once a battery is performing at 20% or less it can become dangerous and you should stop using it.
A battery functioning at 20% capacity might not be powerful enough to sustain a drones flight but it is still a hazard and needs to be disposed of responsible. Responsible disposal sounds like a relatively simple task merely involving completely discharging it before you toss it out.
If you are involved in, are aware of or even have a local drone community that you can interact with your probably have access to a hobby shop who can safely dispose of batteries effortlessly and maybe even for free… Failing that you might have to do a little work.
The recommended way to discharge a battery yourself before disposal is connecting it to a light bulb and emerging it in a bucket of sand, true drone hobbyists become all too familiar with buckets of sand as they have a lot of uses related to batteries and discharge. You can safely store damaged batteries in buckets of sand until they are ready for disposal.
FILDERSTADT, GERMANY | HERMA Self-adhesive Materials division has expanded its specialty product range with 52C adhesive developed for labels that are used to seal wet wipe pouches and other critical products.
Company says Grade 52C puts an end to the clouding that can be triggered by oil and cleaning agents. This UV-reticulating acrylate contact adhesive (UVA) is said to be suitable for use with a wide variety of packaging materials and is compatible with a range of applications that present special challenges, such as wet wipes, in which oils and cleaning agents play a critical role. Reportedly, it does not require users to accept any compromises as regards either functionality or appearance.
"The combination of properties it offers is probably unique," says Dr. Ulli Nägele, HERMA's head of development. "We are in a position to develop these characteristics thanks to the massive investments we have made recently in the production technology for specialty products of this kind."
Although the semi-permanent UVA 52C was developed primarily for the sealing labels applied to wet wipe pouches, it is also said to be suitable for both dry and moist surfaces.
In clear-on-clear applications, the adhesive remains highly transparent even after repeated peeling, company says, and it is also characterized by consistent, smooth, and silent peeling in conjunction with most plastic surfaces and films. At the same time, its very high cohesion prevents the formation of unsightly strands. To ensure that the labels retain their benefits for the entire life of the packaging, the 52C grade is said to offer good resistance to light, heat, water, and aging. As a migration-safe adhesive, it has also been unconditionally approved for direct food contact.
For the purpose of producing the 52C grade and other specialty products, the company recently retrofitted a special, precision-dosing rotating bar nozzle to an existing coating plant for UVAs. The nozzle applies the adhesive within extremely small weight tolerances to achieve an ultra- smooth finish, even with high grammages.
The Community Charter School of Paterson (CCSP) partners with Paterson Public Schools to provide transportation services to our students. In order to qualify for bus service CCSP scholars must live more than 2.1 miles from the school building that they attend.
CCSP is committed to ensuring the safety and well being of each student and providing exceptional customer services to our parents. To effectively manage student transportation services for our school, we must have your most up-to-date contact information about in our files at all times. If you have any questions, please call us directly or try Paterson Public Schools Transportation Department at (973) 321-1000 and ask for 'Transportation' at the prompt.
I’m so glad to view this recipe. An acquaintance tried to train me how to help make them however it’s all Mistaken for me without the need of measurements.
that the technology has actually not reached its peak of user friendliness." Yet it is certainly cool, and one to watch on as the concerns get worked out.
When you first email me with your problem, I will certainly recognize your e-mail and after that do a totally free
images or video clips to give your posts more, "pop"! Your content is excellent but with images and clips, this blog
© Copyright 2015 cpandatesters.perl6.org - This page was generated on Saturday (2016-10-29T06:53:03Z)
www.cpcu-iowa.org was created April 1, 1998. © 1998 – 2018 Iowa CPCU Society Chapter. All rights reserved.
This ebook constitutes the refereed lawsuits of the sixth overseas Symposium on organic and clinical facts research, ISBMDA 2005, held in Aveiro, Portugal, in November 2005.
The 39 revised complete papers provided have been rigorously reviewed and chosen for inclusion within the e-book. The papers are geared up in topical sections on scientific databases and data platforms, facts research and photo processing, wisdom discovery and knowledge mining, statistical equipment and instruments for biomedical info research, choice help structures, collaborative structures in biomedical informatics, in addition to computational versions, structural research, and microarray information research within the scope of bioinformatics.
This quantity includes the court cases of the nineteenth overseas convention held in Whistler, Canada in July 1995, which coated the physics of digital and atomic collisions.
Over the last years, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) know-how has developed and moved from the study laboratories to the mainstream, within which many firms at the moment are leveraging it as a part of their middle infrastructure procedure for delivering and construction safeguard of their companies. realizing the demanding situations and requisites of PKI similar operations in the course of the sharing of case reports are severe to assisting the continuing study and improvement of PKI applied sciences and comparable structures and purposes to additional development and innovate for boosting destiny improvement and evolution of PKI within the companies.
This ebook constitutes the refereed complaints of the tenth foreign convention on Inductive common sense Programming, ILP 2000, held in London, united kingdom in July 2000 as prior of CL 2000. The 15 revised complete papers provided including an invited paper have been rigorously reviewed and chosen from 37 submissions.
This e-book constitutes the completely refereed post-proceedings of the second one overseas convention on tough units and present tendencies in Computing, RSCTC 2000, held in Banff, Canada in October 2000. The eighty revised papers awarded including an creation and 3 keynote shows have undergone rounds of reviewing and revision.
Ergonomics and Health Aspects of Work with Computers: International Conference, EHAWC 2007, Held as Part of HCI International 2007, Beijing, China, July 22-27, 2007. Proceedings
Neural Nets: 14th Italian Workshop on Neural Nets, WIRN VIETRI 2003, Vietri sul Mare, Italy, June 4-7, 2003. Revised Papers
G. concrete vs. abstract) and for defining the relations among them. L. Oliveira et al. ): ISBMDA 2005, LNBI 3745, pp. 44–50, 2005. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2005 The Ontological Lens: Zooming in and out from Genomic to Clinical Level 45 Coming to the informatics side, we see the word ontology – which pertained only the domain of philosophy – gaining new life in the realm of Computer Science. In the late 20th Century in facts, Artificial Intelligence (AI) adopted the term and began using it in the sense of a "specification of a conceptualization" in the context of knowledge and data sharing [1].
Shows a set software infraComputing of computer as a single structure. g. systems using CORBA [15], or Web-Based Medical Image Retrieval and Analysis systems using Mobile Agents [16]. Biomedical Image Processing Integration Through INBIOMED 37 In this paper, we present an integrated approach, based on Web Services, for distributed image processing within the INBIOMED network. The reasons for this approach are based on the heterogeneity and different features of image data, computational resources needed and functionalities that users may require for this kind of project.
The Library should be and can be the center of learning for the whole community. That is our mission.
When you first walk in, there's the old cigar store Indian to greet you, standing in front of the old bus scroll
Looking up, you can see my favorite part of the entry - the ceiling! I love the old schoolhouse light fixture
texture to tape off lines (so I thought...) so this is one of the few places I could try this...I put it off for
project went pretty quickly and I got it done in an afternoon. I'll try to post a tutorial on how I did it...
for shoes, since otherwise, things just get trashed. (I know us.) Chad made this bench for me that we
were using as a coffee table, but we moved it in here to take advantage of its size. I still love it
The little coat rack was my simple project. I measured it to take advantage of every inch along that wall. I measured and cut the board to the exact length of the room. I ran a real quick coat of stain that I had onhand over the length of the board, and then screwed in these eight little schoolhouse hooks that I found at Home Depot. There's actually some stamping on the wood that I left on the side that showed just because I like the look of it.
Up above the coatrack is an old black and white photo of our little town, back when it was just getting started. I followed Jenny's link to the tutorial from here, but I have to be honest: this was not a smooth project for me. It's a photo blown up on blueprint paper, then attached to foam core board from Home Depot with spray adhesive. Sounds simple, right? I could not get a straight edge to save my life, and probably would have abandoned the project if it weren't for the fact that the placement here means that nobody will ever see the edges of it.
I went through two different kinds of insulation - one made of little styrofoam balls that was a complete mess. The second was more like the foam core board you find for science projects, but it was pink. So when you visit, look close, and you may see a pinkish hue! I did this a while ago, and about two months later, the paper started falling off of the styrofoam. Instead of respraying everything, I just stuck a piece of two sided tape in each corner and it's been fine, but we'll see how long it lasts.
This is the view from the hallway, looking back at the front door. Pretty simple, but I want to point
out the horse shoe hanging above the door for good luck. I've wanted one for a while, but didn't want
just any old horseshoe, so I asked my Gramma in Oklahoma if she could get one for me... and the last
time my parents came to visit they brought it along from their last trip to see Gramma in OK. I love
So there it is! Truth is, I still need to paint the baseboards and, of course, the doors, but for now I
holes and wires that at least one small space looks finished and complete and that I love everything about it!
I was hoping you would update soon. I absolutely love everything about your entryway. Can you come to my house and re-decorate. I really want a new look in nearly every room. When you have a minute :)
V. here...I love your entry ...it just says "Welcome Home". Maybe you'll have way too many visitors because of it!
Cool house! That Indian statue at the front door makes me want to know what else is inside. And I'll give five stars on the stripes on the ceiling. What inspired you to come up with these ideas, by the way? Your readers should keep coming back to check on new cool stuff you're posting.
You've got an interesting place! It's definitely hard to design a new house, but you've done it with passion and artistic ideas. Your color ideas are awesome, too! Are you still staying here? Hope you're still enjoying this fabulous house. :)
::us:: just two folks perfectly suited for each other. each fighting wanderlust. trying to find our place together in the real world. we love our little trips to keep us sane, but the best part is always coming home. we LIVE for the weekend.
::him:: adventurous. man-ly. tall.dark.handsome. *likes* bags & backpacks. tools. his garage. the outdoors. sleeping with just a sheet. paintball. talking to new people. running races. anything with those two puppies. learning. building. helping. teaching. canyoneering.
::her:: stubborn. busy. *likes* postcards. clean house. sleeping in. pretty pictures. sunshine in a white room. live music. taking tubs. eating ice. fresh smells. lots of blankets. beach writing. old friends. reading. rain in the desert. homemade banana splits. lists.
"if i could reach up and hold a star for every time you made me smile, i would have the whole night sky in the palm of my hand"
Prior to starting your poster, we recommend that you read this short guide. Then download the appropriate template to start the poster creation process.
Due to the complexity of formatting documents correctly in order to print in large format, our support staff are available to assist with printing your document as follows:
Usually your poster can be printed on demand but during busy periods this is not guaranteed. You may be asked to leave your poster file with us and collect the next day and if you require multiple posters this may take longer.
If your tutor has made prior arrangements with the library you should follow carefully any Moodle hand-in instructions. We cannot guarantee to print your poster if you have not followed the agreed procedure.
If you are a member of academic staff considering setting a poster assignment, please contact the IT team.
University of Nebraska Kearney (UNK) coupons in Kearney, NE, kearney coupons, student coupons, campus coupons
Watch a Korean reality show where celebrities get paired up as husband and wife. They will encounter real situations like an married couple would endure along with their hilarious moments and their thoughts on marriage.
We are looking for Translators, Timers, Typesetters, and Encoders to make Eng Sub for Leetuk & Kang Sora Couple. We welcome new and old applicants. Send us your name & position you are applying for to campuscaouple1@gmail.com. Thank You
Support CAMPUSCOUPLE by donating to our PAYPAL. All your donations will help us improve all the features of this site. Any amount of donations will do! Thank you!
All links fixed! Please enjoy:) Episode 01: Part 1 | Part 2 Episode 02: Part 1 | Part 2 Episode 03: Part 1 | Part 2 Episode 04:...
The Art+Design Summer Studio is a multidisciplinary program that dives into the wide world of design. It merges design thinking exercises with hands-on explorations and emphasizes the importance of the design process from the initial idea to the final product. Students will meet local artists and designers, begin to develop a unique voice, and will bring creative ideas to life by using the critical thinking techniques that artists, architects, and designers rely on to convey conceptual and real propositions. In the collaborative studio setting you will explore hand-drawing, printmaking, physical modeling, sculpture, collage, and many other forms of creative media.
At this time we are only able to accept payment by check. Once you have registered online, you may mail your check for the amount listed above (made out to NCSU) to:
CAM Raleigh is a non-collecting museum that explores what’s now and presents an always-changing museum experience. CAM Raleigh is a collaboration between the Contemporary Art Foundation, the community of Raleigh and North Carolina State University’s College of Design. CAM Raleigh is generously supported by the Contemporary Art Foundation, North Carolina State University, individual and corporate members, private and corporate foundations, and government agencies. CAM Raleigh is located at 409 West Martin Street, Raleigh, NC 27603, between Harrington and West streets and in the heart of Raleigh’s Depot National Register Historic District and Warehouse District. CAM Raleigh has a parking lot; additional parking is available at metered spots on the street or at the Davie Street Parking Lot located at 201 W. Davie Street. Information about CAM Raleigh’s exhibitions, programs, and special events is available on the CAM Raleigh website at camraleigh.org or by phone at 919.513.0946. Follow @camraleigh on twitter.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017
Just when the problem with the release of the 1911 census has been resolved, another seems to rearing its ugly head.
Canada Post is in the process of preparing its new budget to take effect March 1, 2006, One of the changes is that libraries will no longer have a special postal rate to ship materials by mail on inter-library loan. The example given to me was a 4" x 7" x 3/4" paperback book which can currently go out on inter-library loan at a cost of 87 cents, effective March 1, 2006 will cost $7.44.
There will be very few libraries that will be able to absorb this large increase. My local library has already decided that there will be no inter-library loan available once the new rate comes into effect. They cannot afford the extra cost.
Lack of inter-library loan will not only affect those of us doing genealogy but also students, researchers, and every person who simply wishes to read a book that is not available at their local library. This is supposed to be the information age, but not every library has all needed information, not everything is available on the internet and not every home as a personal computer. Everyone will be affected regardless of whether they live in a rural area or in a major city.
Once again it is necessary to email our members of parliament, the Prime Minister, Paul Martin, the minister responsible for Canada Post, John McCallum, the minister for Canadian Heritage, Liza Frulla and your local federal member of parliament. In this case, because most libraries also receive funding from the provinces and city and municipal governments, they should also be contacted.
Canada Post will finalize their budget on Sept. 1, 2005, so there is some urgency in showing how much opposition there is to this increase. They would probably be happier if this proposed change did not become public knowledge, until they can say it to late for them to do anything, so send your letters and e-mails as soon as possible. A letter to the editor of your local newspaper might also bring this to the attention of more people
Please pass this information on to any person or group you feel will be affected. Sometimes it takes a lot of voices to make them hear.
CanadaGenWeb is a community of volunteers dedicated to bringing free genealogical information and instruction online since 1996. Volunteers are always needed and always welcome!
This blog was created to keep our visitors informed of goings-on within CanadaGenWeb as well as the Canadian genealogy community at large. Submissions are welcome!
When individuals or families begin to investigate the kind of cat that they would like to adopt, usually they hit the web for information. Wikipedia and various other sites have some very good ‘facts’ about visible characteristics and personality traits of the Ragdoll breed. So, with all of that information under your belt now, please allow us to offer some of our very subjective, personal opinions and observations about Ragdolls and their personalities that we live with daily… FYI, OH HENRY is our diva king model on this page!
1. The difference between boys and girls: Generally speaking, the boys are a little more laid back, and the girls can be a little more dramatic and ‘diva-esque’. This is not the absolute rule though. We have the occasional boy who has a ‘dynamic’ personality that commands attention, and many girls that are very easy going. When kittens get older, we generally see the females making the rules and enforcing them. The guys are very agreeable and concede that it really isn’t worth the effort to disagree. Boys and girls coexist nicely as long as SHE is the boss. Alone, they are as equally affectionate and playful. If a multi cat family is a consideration, it is easier to add neutered males to the dynamic or enter a new female as a kitten rather than a mature adult.
2. Ragdolls NEED human companionship: Without question, Ragdolls are committed to relationships. They love specific humans as well as ANY human! They don’t discriminate between other cats, or even dogs. They love to love and be loved. This seems to be their sole purpose for living. They will cuddle endlessly and be a buddy that follows from room to room because they thrive on companionship. A Ragdoll that is left alone for long periods of time will wilt like a plant without water. They NEED company.
3. Ragdolls are generally quiet and not demanding: Their voices tend to be tiny as a rule. In order to get attention, they rub up against their human or other pet friend and give direct eye contact because they think that everyone already knows what they want! They would rather walk in circles with their tail wagging high all fluffed out to get attention than produce an annoying meow.
4. Ragdolls don’t discriminate: In a world of political correctness, the Ragdoll is definitely the ‘go to’ cat! They would be a very good choice for individuals with special needs, retired or single people as well as a family. They are accepting of most anyone and everything including multi-pet homes as long as they are introduced appropriately. Our experience has been that Ragdolls will even begin to enjoy baths! This is unheard of for most felines. We take it up a notch by giving back massages because they are being such good kitties. Ragdolls are pleasers by nature, there needs to be just a little love at the end of the tunnel and they are most compliant.
5. Ragdolls are Playful: While not being exceedingly active, Ragdolls do like activity if it involves a playful friend. Like most cats, they perform acrobatics when irresistible toys are brought out. They will even help themselves to the toy box and initiate play. Playtime is a bonding experience with cats and Ragdolls LOVE bonding. Activity is a good way to keep a Ragdoll’s weight in check as well.
6. Ragdolls are Predictable: Our kittens learn routine right from the start. They predict our every move and they too have simple routines and needs. We can predict that ‘we will be reminded’ to fill the food and water bowl or cuddle before lights out. We also know that they will ask for treats as soon as our light goes on in the morning, and they will always be at the door to greet us when we return home.
7. Ragdolls are Teachable: Many Ragdolls learn to fetch. Because they are all about relationships, they learn very well. They are great at observing and jump on the band-wagon, eager to please their loved one by performing a trick that gets them more love or a treat
Like people, Ragdolls are all unique. They have pre-determined personality traits, but nurturing will mold their everyday actions and habits. At O CANADA Ragdolls, we are committed to bestowing our kittens enormous amounts of human love so they will be emotionally healthy. We want them to be confident and well prepared for their transition into their forever homes. We understand that each one has individual needs, and we take that into consideration when we are placing them with a family. Some personalities require particular placements so that they will reach their full potential. We want everyone to be happy!
To prepare for Surgery careers in Colorado, you need to complete a technical education in your specialty area, as well as consider taking part of your required courses online. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? Completion of an accredited engineering program can qualify you to enter the workforce as a paid intern immediately. Check with the heart surgery department for course registration deadlines, and engineering program requirements.
Surgeons treat injuries, diseases, and deformities through operations. Using a variety of instruments, a surgeon corrects physical deformities, repairs bone and tissue after injuries, or performs preventive or elective surgeries on patients. Although a large number perform general surgery, many surgeons choose to specialize in a specific area. Specialties include orthopedic surgery (musculoskeletal system), neurological surgery (brain and nervous system), cardiovascular surgery, and plastic or reconstructive surgery.
M.D.s and D.O.s seeking board certification in a specialty may spend up to 7 years in residency training; the length of time varies with the specialty. To become board certified, candidates must complete a residency program and pass a specialty certification exam from a certifying board including the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS), the American Osteopathic Association (AOA), or the American Board of Physician Specialties (ABPS). Beyond major requirements within the heart surgery department, you may consider South Suburban College online math degree as a complementary elective.
Physicians and surgeons have demanding education and training requirements. Physicians typically need to complete a bachelor's degree, then a degree from a medical school, and internship and residency programs. Although no specific major is required, students usually complete undergraduate work in biology, chemistry, physics, math, and English. In addition, some students volunteer at local hospitals or clinics to gain experience in a healthcare setting.
Medical schools are highly competitive. Applicants must submit transcripts, and scores from the Medical College Admission Test (MCAT). Students spend most of the first 2 years of medical school in laboratories and classrooms, taking courses such as anatomy, biochemistry, pharmacology, psychology, medical ethics, and in the laws governing medicine. They also gain practical skills, such as learning to take medical histories, examine patients, and diagnose illnesses. During their final 2 years, medical students work with patients under the supervision of experienced physicians in hospitals and clinics.
Surgical technologists typically need postsecondary education. Many community colleges and vocational schools, as well as some universities and hospitals, have accredited programs in surgical technology. Programs range in length from several months to 2 years, and they grant a diploma or associate's degree upon completion. In 2017, there were about 500 surgical technologist programs accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP).
As the economy improves, many hospitals and other medical facilities are beginning to hire additional nursing staff. Whether you are an experienced nurse assistant, or a recent graduate in nursing, you can seek a new position. Healthcare jobs such as Registered Nurses, LPN's, LVN's and related medical technicians provide over 15 million jobs in the USA alone, and ten of the 20 fastest growing occupations are healthcare-related. Finding out about Trenholm State Technical College nursing dept, on the other hand, may broaden your education in order to appeal to a wider variety of employers.
Hiring managers typically post available positions on targeted job boards, which are sampled daily. Florida Gulf Coast University accounting degree information may be available through the human resources department. Further, the Occupational Outlook Handbook offers salary data and vocational training information though the US Department of Commerce. Aside from a good salary, many medical education programs include excellent health benefits, as well as tuition payment plans.
Physicians and surgeons held about 713,800 jobs in 2017. Wages for physicians and surgeons are among the highest of all occupations. In 2017, physicians practicing primary care received total median annual compensation of $251,578 and physicians practicing in medical specialties received total median annual compensation of $425,509. Increasingly, physicians are working in group practices, healthcare organizations, or hospitals, where they share a large number of patients with other doctors.
Earnings vary with the physician's or surgeon's number of years in practice, geographic region of practice, hours worked, skill, personality, and professional reputation. Overall employment of physicians and surgeons is projected to grow 15 percent during the next decade, faster than the average for all healthcare occupations. The aging US population is expected to drive overall growth in the demand for physician services. As the older population grows and rates of chronic illnesses increase, consumers will seek high levels of care that use the latest technologies, diagnostic tests, and therapies. Browse current job openings below.
Candidates will have a minimum of two years experience in a healthcare office or fast-paced, highly interactive customer service environment - experience in the..
High School Diploma or GED (accredited). Shifts vary with the potential for overtime and Saturday hours depending particular site needs..
High School diploma is required. Arrange travel through internal or outside agents. The role of Administrative Assistant will assist in being responsible for..
Through our Digirad Imaging Solutions ( DIS?) division, we offer certified personnel, required licensure, imaging system and other support and supplies for the..
Medical Staff has a full complement of specialists. Partnership ? Huge Potential. Countless outdoor activities including:..
Familiarity with medical terminology. Flexibility to work variable hours, including occasional evenings. Provides administrative support to the providers and..
The applicant must have a high school diploma. High school or equivalent. This position is responsible for medical transcription, faxes, scans and maintaining..
The 4-hour SAT test is focused primarily on vocabulary, critical reading skills, and math ability. Most of the questions are multiple-choice, although there is also an essay writing section. Alternatively, the ACT is more about reading comprehension, mathematics, and science. If your college requires a writing test, you can elect to take the ACT+ writing exam. Other college admissions information sources, like Norwich University mediation, promote the use of standardized tests in admissions decisions because there are substantial differences in course requirements, high school GPA, and grade curve difficulty among US schools. You can also explore Eastern Illinois University essay prompt, in order to further target your academic interests.
Why are you considering a specific college or training program? If you have a genuine interest in a given subject, you'll pay better attention in class, and retain what you've learned longer. If you're not sure what schools might be right for you, research college rankings, and read more about choosing a major online. According to data on Wichita State University admission decisions pages, an ideal academic record consists of a high GPA in courses of progressive difficulty. About half of colleges use placement tests and a waiting list, and many community colleges have transfer agreements in place with bachelor's degree programs at four-year universities. You may compare Paris Junior College campus safety with other schools that you're considering.
Further, the Federal Work-Study Program provides an opportunity to earn money while going to school, so you don't have to rely exclusively on student loans. Consolidation loans allow you to combine all of your eligible federal student loans into a single loan, often with reduced monthly payments. Financial aid may be administered via Farmingdale State College tuition in state or through academic departments. Alternatively, student credit cards may seem like a good short-term solution, but the interest rates are high, and credit cards often carry an annual fee. A credit card can help you build a credit history, if you use it wisely. If you decide to get a credit card, make sure you understand the terms, and try to meet your minimum monthly payments on time. If you do not, the credit card companies can raise your interest rate suddenly and without prior notice. This can translate into a ballooning debt payment that becomes unmanageable.
Occupational therapists treat injured, ill, or disabled patients through the therapeutic use of everyday activities. They help these patients develop, recover, improve, as well as maintain the skills needed for daily living and working. They may also work with people who have been through a traumatic event, such as a car accident, or patients with permanent disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, who often need help performing daily tasks. Therapists show patients how to use appropriate adaptive equipment, such as leg braces, wheelchairs, and eating aids.
Therapists who work in nursing facilities help their patients lead more independent and active lives. They may work with patients who have chronic conditions, such as diabetes, or help rehabilitate a patient recovering from hip replacement surgery. In some cases, occupational therapists help patients create functional work environments. They evaluate the workspace, recommend modifications, and meet with the patient's employer to collaborate on changes to the patient's work environment or schedule. In order to complete the rehabilitation program, Central Wyoming College computer science major information may be used in order to fulfill software engineering breadth requirements.
Surgery programs may be an alternative that you should think about, and you can earn a competitive salary as a highly-skilled, technical specialist. By remaining true to your career interests, your overall job earnings will stabilize as you gain experience. If you're currently employed in a technical field, you may consider Macalester College HVAC classes as an option to advance your career. Massive open online courses are known as MOOCs, utilizing interactive platforms such as Blackboard, and mobile apps. For example, Khan Academy now offers free lecture videos served through YouTube. Then there's Bethel College environmental management, with enrolled students from around the world.
Origins of life on Earth - an introduction to bacteria, and the characteristics of the microdomain Eubacteria, beginning with a description of the phylogeny.
Paul Andersen uses chromosome beads in the following video to simulate both mitosis and meiosis. A brief discussion of gamete formation is also included.
An explanation of how the process of meiosis produces variable gametes, as well as haploid and diploid cells.
Paul Andersen takes you on a tour of cell biology, explaining the difference between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.
Paul Andersen details lipids (fats), explaining how they are an important source of energy within cell membranes.
Apply to several colleges and universities simultaneously, and if you have the grades and test scores, give yourself the opportunity to get into an accredited surgery program by doing something outstanding in either high school or community college. Trinidad State Junior College applications may be submitted by using the contact form at the top of this page. It may be possible to complete some of your required degree courses online, saving money on tuition and course fees. Alternatively, if you're currently employed, you can study part-time or in some cases, during evenings or on weekends. It isn't as hard as you might think to find articles in Forbes magazine written about Western Illinois University admission office email. An advanced nursing degree will stick with you for a long time, so apply yourself and work hard for a few years, graduating from the best school that you can get into.
Trinidad State Junior College has a reputation for academics, allowing you to pursue the degree program that's right for you. Additionally, career placement services can help you to structure your job search after graduation. If you'd like to request course information, please use the inquiry form at the top of this page.
Biomedical engineers combine biological research with instrument design to fabricate medical equipment and surgical devices used in healthcare facilities. Reviewing Point Park University class size or Richard Stockton College lab assistant jobs can help you to choose elective subjects. The field of biomedicine focuses on the technical requirements of surgery, as well as nursing methods. Coursework relating to Queensborough Community College certified nursing assistant CNA may include lab courses such as organic chemistry, biomechanics, or molecular engineering. Finally, a pharmaceutical internship may be required to gain exposure to the drug development process. The median salary in biomedical engineering was $85,620 in May 2017, based on labor statistics.
On our pages, there are links to Trinidad Colorado general requirements and Trinidad Colorado dietetic technician. By pursuing a mechanical engineering internship, you can improve your surgery career prospects, and potentially find a rewarding job as a medical professional. This website is not affiliated with how to become a surgeon in Colorado, and all trademarks are the exclusive property of their respective owners. College Inspector is the work of a group of Thai students in Bangkok, using info from the US Department of Education, Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS). If any stats on Pitt State operations research are incorrect, please contact us with the right data.
PRADES ha puesto en marcha un Programa de Fundraising y Crowdfunding Científico que persigue la socialización y acercamiento de la ciencia a todos los ciudadanos con un triple objetivo:
Once you select your search criteria and submit a search, we'll present you with an option to set up a Job Alert to receive emails daily with matching jobs.
Fabricate, finish, or evaluate the quality of gems and diamonds used in jewelry or industrial tools.
Jewelers usually learn their trade in vocational or technical schools, through distance-learning centers, or on the job.
Prospects for bench jewelers and other skilled jewelers should be favorable; keen competition is expected for lower-skilled manufacturing jobs, such as assemblers and polishers.
Jewelers usually learn their trade in vocational or technical schools, through distance-learning centers, or on the job. Formal training enhances employment and advancement opportunities.
Education and training. Jewelers usually learn their trade in vocational or technical schools, through distance-learning centers, or on the job. For those interested in working in a jewelry store or repair shop, vocational and technical training or courses offered by public and private colleges are the best sources of training. In these programs, which can vary in length from 6 months to 1 year, students learn the use and care of jewelers’ tools and machines and basic jewelrymaking and jewelry-repairing skills, such as designing, casting, and setting and polishing stones.
Technical school courses also cover topics such as blueprint reading, math, and shop theory. To enter some technical school programs and most college programs, a high school diploma or its equivalent is required. However, some schools specializing in jewelry training do not require graduation from high school.
Colleges and art and design schools offer programs that can lead to the degree of bachelor of fine arts, or master of fine arts, in jewelry design. Various institutes offer courses and programs in gemology. Programs cover a wide range of topics, including the identification and grading of diamonds and gem stones.
Computer-aided design is becoming increasingly common, and studentsespecially those interested in design and manufacturingmay wish to obtain training in it; however, most employers will provide such training.
Most employers feel that vocational school and technical school graduates need up to a year of additional supervised on-the-job training or an apprenticeship to refine their repair skills and learn more about the operation of the store or shop. In addition, some employers encourage workers to improve their skills by enrolling in short-term technical school courses such as fabricating, jewelry design, jewelry manufacturing, wax carving, and gemology. Employers may pay all or part of the cost of this additional training.
In jewelry manufacturing plants, workers traditionally develop their skills through informal apprenticeships and on-the-job training. The apprenticeship or training period lasts up to 1 year, depending on the difficulty of the specialty. Training usually focuses on casting, setting stones, making models, or engraving. In recent years, a growing number of technical schools have begun to offer training designed for jewelers working in manufacturing. Employers in manufacturing may prefer graduates of these programs because they are familiar with the production process and require less on-the-job training.
Other qualifications. The precise and delicate nature of jewelry work requires finger and hand dexterity, good hand-eye coordination, patience, and concentration. Artistic ability and fashion consciousness are major assets, particularly in jewelry design and jewelry shops, because jewelry must be stylish and attractive. Those who work in jewelry stores have frequent contact with customers and should be neat, personable, and knowledgeable about the merchandise. In addition, employers require workers of good character because jewelers work with valuable materials.
Certification and advancement. Jewelers of America offers four credentials, ranging from Certified Bench Jeweler Technician to Certified Master Bench Jeweler, for bench jewelers who pass a written and practical exam. Certification is not required to work as a bench jeweler, but it may help jewelers to show expertise and to advance.
Advancement opportunities are limited and depend greatly on an individual’s skill and initiative. In manufacturing, some jewelers advance to supervisory jobs, such as master jeweler or head jeweler, but for most, advancement means earning higher pay for the same job. Jewelers who work in jewelry stores or repair shops may become managers; some open their own businesses.
Those interested in starting their own business should first establish themselves and build a reputation for their work within the jewelry trade. Once they obtain sufficient credit from jewelry suppliers and wholesalers, they can acquire the necessary inventory. Also, because the jewelry business is highly competitive, jewelers who plan to open their own store should have sales experience and knowledge of marketing and business management. Courses in these subjects are often available from technical schools and community colleges.
Jewelers and precious stone and metal workers use a variety of common and specialized handtools and equipment to design and manufacture new pieces of jewelry; cut, set, and polish gem stones; repair or adjust rings, necklaces, bracelets, earrings, and other jewelry; and appraise jewelry, precious metals, and gems. Jewelers usually specialize in one or more of these areas and may work for large jewelry manufacturing firms, for small retail jewelry shops, or as owners of their own businesses. Regardless of the type of work done or the work setting, jewelers need a high degree of skill, precision, and attention to detail.
Some jewelers design or make their own jewelry. Following their own designs or those created by designers or customers, they begin by shaping the metal or by carving wax to make a model for casting the metal. The individual parts then are soldered together, and the jeweler may mount a diamond or other gem or may engrave a design into the metal. Other jewelers do finishing work, such as setting stones, polishing, or engraving, or make repairs. Typical repair work includes enlarging or reducing ring sizes, resetting stones, and replacing broken clasps and mountings.
Bench jewelers usually work in jewelry retailers. They perform a wide range of tasks, from simple jewelry cleaning and repair to moldmaking and fabricating pieces from scratch. In larger manufacturing businesses, jewelers usually specialize in a single operation. Mold and model makers create models or tools for the jewelry that is to be produced. Assemblers solder or fuse jewelry and their parts; they also may set stones. Engravers etch designs into the metal with specialized tools, and polishers bring a finished luster to the final product.
Jewelers typically do the handiwork required to produce a piece of jewelry, while gemologists and laboratory graders analyze, describe, and certify the quality and characteristics of gem stones. Gemologists may work in gemological laboratories or as quality control experts for retailers, importers, or manufacturers. After using microscopes, computerized tools, and other grading instruments to examine gem stones or finished pieces of jewelry, they write reports certifying that the items are of a particular quality. Many jewelers also study gemology to become familiar with the physical properties of the gem stones with which they work.
Jewelry appraisers carefully examine jewelry to determine its value, after which they write appraisal documents. They determine the value of a piece by researching the jewelry market, using reference books, auction catalogs, price lists, and the Internet. They may work for jewelry stores, appraisal firms, auction houses, pawnbrokers, or insurance companies. Many gemologists also become appraisers.
In small retail stores or repair shops, jewelers and appraisers may be involved in all aspects of the work. Those who own or manage stores or shops also hire and train employees; order, market, and sell merchandise; and perform managerial duties.
New technology is helping to produce jewelry of higher quality at a reduced cost and in a shorter amount of time. For example, lasers are often used for cutting and improving the quality of stones, for applying intricate engraving or design work, and for inscribing personal messages or identification on jewelry. Jewelers also use lasers to weld metals together in milliseconds with no seams or blemishes, improving the quality and appearance of jewelry.
Some manufacturing firms use computer-aided design and manufacturing (CAD/CAM) to facilitate product design and automate some steps in the moldmaking and modelmaking process. CAD allows jewelers to create a virtual-reality model of a piece of jewelry. Using CAD, jewelers can modify the design, change the stone, or try a different setting and see the changes on a computer screen before cutting a stone or performing other costly steps. Once they are satisfied with the model, CAM produces it in a waxlike or other material. After the mold of the model is made, it is easier for manufacturing firms to produce numerous copies of a given piece of jewelry, which are then distributed to retail establishments across the country. Similar techniques may be used in the retail setting, allowing customers to review their jewelry designs with the jeweler and make modifications before committing themselves to the expense of a customized piece of jewelry.
Work environment. A jeweler’s work involves a great deal of concentration and attention to detail. Trying to satisfy customers’ and employers’ demands for speed and quality while working on precious stones and metal can cause fatigue or stress. However, the use of more ergonomically correct jewelers’ benches has eliminated most of the strain and discomfort caused by spending long periods over a workbench.
Lasers require both careful handling to avoid injury and steady hands to direct precision tasks. In larger manufacturing plants and some smaller repair shops, chemicals, sharp or pointed tools, and jewelers’ torches pose safety threats and may cause injury if proper care is not taken. Most dangerous chemicals, however, have been replaced with synthetic, less toxic products to meet safety requirements.
In repair shops, jewelers usually work alone with little supervision. In retail stores, they may talk with customers about repairs, perform custom design work, and even do some selling. Because many of their materials are valuable, jewelers must observe strict security procedures, including working behind locked doors that are opened only by a buzzer, working on the other side of barred windows, making use of burglar alarms, and, in larger jewelry establishments, working in the presence of armed guards.
Median annual wage-and-salary earnings for jewelers and precious stone and metal workers were $29,750 in May 2006. The middle 50 percent earned between $22,390 and $40,160. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $17,760, and the highest 10 percent earned more than $54,940.
Most jewelers start out with a base salary, but once they become more proficient, they may begin charging by the number of pieces completed. Jewelers who work in retail stores may earn a commission for each piece of jewelry sold. Many jewelers also enjoy a variety of benefits, including reimbursement from their employers for work-related courses and discounts on jewelry purchases.
Employment of jewelers and precious stone and metal workers is expected to experience little or no change. Prospects for bench jewelers and other skilled jewelers should be favorable; keen competition is expected for lower-skilled manufacturing jobs, such as assemblers and polishers.
Employment change. Employment of jewelers and precious stone and metal workers is expected to experience little or no change, declining 2 percent between 2006 and 2016.
The increasing numbers of affluent individuals, working women, double-income households, and fashion-conscious men are expected to keep jewelry sales strong. The population aged 45 and older, which accounts for a major portion of jewelry sales, also is on the rise. However, most jewelry manufacturing has already moved abroad, and this trend is expected to continue.
Nontraditional jewelry marketers, such as discount stores, mail-order and catalogue companies, television shopping networks, and Internet retailers, have expanded the number of buying options and increased their sales volume. However, these establishments require fewer sales staff, limiting employment opportunities for jewelers and precious stone and metal workers who work mainly in sales.
Traditional jewelers may continue to lose some of their market share to nontraditional outlets, but they will maintain a large customer base. Many buyers prefer to see and try on jewelry before purchasing it or enjoy the experience of shopping in a store. Jewelry stores also have the advantage of being able to offer personalized service and build client relationships. Additionally, new jewelry sold by nontraditional retailers will create demand for skilled jewelers for sizing, cleaning, and repair work. There may also be increased demand for bench jewelers as baby boomers seek customization and repair of heirloom jewelry.
Job prospects. Despite little or no change in employment, opportunities should be favorable for bench jewelers and other skilled jewelers. New jewelers will be needed to replace those who retire or who leave the occupation for other reasons. When master jewelers retire, they take with them years of experience that require substantial time and financial resources to replace. Many employers have difficulty finding and retaining jewelers with the right skills and the necessary knowledge. Opportunities in jewelry stores and repair shops will be best for graduates from training programs for jewelers or gemologists.
Keen competition is expected for lower-skilled manufacturing jobs that are amenable to automation, such as assemblers and polishers. Jewelry designers who wish to create their own jewelry lines should expect intense competition. Although demand for customized and boutique jewelry is strong, it is difficult for independent designers to establish themselves.
The jewelry industry can be cyclical. During economic downturns, demand for jewelry products and for jewelers tends to decrease. However, demand for repair workers should remain strong even during economic slowdowns because maintaining and repairing jewelry is an ongoing process. In fact, demand for jewelry repair may increase during recessions, as people repair or restore existing pieces rather than purchase new ones.
Jewelers and precious stone and metal workers held about 52,000 jobs in 2006. About 51 percent of these workers were self-employed; many operated their own store or repair shop, and some specialized in designing and creating custom jewelry.
About 22 percent of wage-and-salary jobs for jewelers and precious stone and metal workers were in retail trade, primarily in jewelry, luggage, and leather goods stores. Another 17 percent of jobs were in jewelry and silverware manufacturing. A small number of jobs were with merchant wholesalers of miscellaneous durable goods and in repair shops providing repair and maintenance of personal and household goods. Although jewelry stores and repair shops were found in every city and in many small towns, most jobs were in larger metropolitan areas. Many jewelers employed in manufacturing worked in Rhode Island, New York, Chicago, Dallas, Florida, or California.
Core — Estimate wholesale and retail value of gems, following pricing guides, market fluctuations, and other relevant economic factors.
Supplemental — Measure sizes of stones' bore holes and cuts to ensure adherence to specifications, using precision measuring instruments.
Supplemental — Select shaping wheels for tasks, and mix and apply abrasives, bort, or polishing compounds.
Role Summary: Reporting to the VP, Customer Success, the Director of Customer Support will lead our fast-growing advocate teams. Your mission will be to ensure customer satisfaction, product ...
The average UK employee is absent from work for 6.5 days a year. This places an inordinate amount of strain on businesses in terms of the productivity levels, company reputation and, subsequently, financial cost. Genuine sickness is sometimes unavoidable, but many absences can be avoided by promoting a healthier workplace environment, improving working conditions and conducting return-to-work interviews. High absence levels are often the result of work-related issues, including stress, tiredness and general dissatisfaction, so it’s important to identify and tackle causes of staff illness as early as possible.
Considering that the average UK worker spends 1/3 of their adult life at work, it’s hardly surprising that our jobs have a major impact on our health and wellbeing. Employers have a duty of care toward their workers to ensure working conditions are safe, healthy and fair. Additionally, it’s important to determine whether employees are facing any personal or work-life balance issues that could be affecting their ability to work effectively. In such instances, it may be possible to make reasonable workplace adjustments to help them cope and reduce the amount of time they take off.
Employee sickness absence costs UK businesses, and subsequently the economy, around £16 billion per year. Some people are just bad employees, but most absences can be effectively managed and minimised by improving working conditions, showing appreciation and treating employees fairly, promoting a culture of wellbeing, and having honest discussions with workers to identify any work-related or personal issues you could help them with.
Always bear in mind that your workers are people with personal lives and problems – they’re not just robots who are here to serve you. Sure, you pay them, but you have a moral and legal duty to ensure their welfare at work. It’s in your best interests to value them, provide support, and help them overcome challenges in the workplace. Valued, happy and healthy employees are more loyal and productive, so don’t dismiss someone as a bad worker before investigating the root cause of continued absence. In the long run, it will be more cost-effective and good for business.
To get a clear understanding of why your employees are absent, you need to have an open and honest discussion with them. Show understanding and be sensitive about the issues they are facing. Whether the problem is related to their working conditions or personal life, try to find a solution that benefits the employee and doesn’t have a negative impact on your business.
Reasonable workplace adjustments that are effective at reducing absence and increasing productivity include:
Many of these adjustments are feasible for business of all sizes. Flexible working and home working are becoming increasingly popular due to the challenges of achieving a healthy work-life balance. As an employer, you are legally required to consider flexible working request from your staff. They may not be aware of this, so you should inform them of this option if it’s something you could reasonably accommodate.
Informal return-to-work interviews are used in many organisations as part of their absence policy. The purpose of this meeting is to ensure they are well enough to return to work, determine the cause of their absence and whether there is anything you could do to reduce the chances of further absence, and inform them about any changes they need to be aware of. This should not be treated like an interrogation or disciplinary meeting.
By implementing clear absence and attendance policies, whereby sickness is monitored and addressed on each occasion, your employees will have a better understanding of what is expected. Let them know that they can come to you for help if they are facing any difficulties, and that they will not be unfairly penalised as a result of their honesty. By doing so, they are more likely to communicate effectively and raise issues before they become a problem.
Rachel Craig is the senior content writer and editor for Quality Formations Limited, the UK’s #1 company formation agency. An expert in her field, Rachel provides in-depth guidance and advice on UK company registration, corporate compliance and starting a new business.
Prior to joining Quality Formations, Rachel worked in research and customer service after obtaining a BA Marketing and an MA History of Art from the University of Glasgow. In her spare time, she enjoys cooking, painting and spending time with her partner and their two untrainable dogs.
Since the mid 90’s, BOSS TECHNOLOGY INC., a Canadian manufacturer, gave itself the mission to meet the needs of a diversified clientele, by developing specialized product lines of superior and professional quality.
The MAGIC-BOSSTM product line for the maintenance and aesthetics of all types of pools, spas and outdoor furniture is of professional quality and PHOSPHATE-FREE. Thus, several MAGIC-BOSS TM products have received awards over the years for their performance and effectiveness.
Today, BOSS TECHNOLOGY INC. is present from coast to coast. The quality of its product along with the excellence of its customer service has earned significant recognition in the industry.
Introduction: hi, i am ranjit bajga working with urbanclap as a electrician i am here to provide best solutions to your electrical needs looking forward to serving you experience: 8. We have a rapid response time, curtious staff, and licensed professional electricians we are a local commercial & residential electrical contractor and like you we are home owners that do not like our time wasted on poor workmanship that is why it is important to work.
There is another twist to this. Your local electrical specialists. The floorboards upstairs will need to be lifted so there is a trip hazard. I've never seen one so l don't know what they look like. Construction and building trades supervisors oversee operations and directly supervise and coordinate the activities of workers in construction and building trades. As well as an eicr and pat test, the additional electrical inspection and testing requirements for a landlord to attain.
Surround sound in the living room [at least]. Green and yellow sleeving needs to be put on the earth. The prices for these reports depend greatly on the size and type of home you live in. We have years of experience solving all kinds of electrical problems and providing solutions that our customers need. Use the best wire that you can afford! Science, technology, engineering and maths stem centre. Electrical installation condition report.
The cheap toggles for the hall lights will be switched out for the reproduction push-button switches we’ve installed elsewhere throughout the house, but they’re a little finicky, so we’ll put them up after the mess of drywalling, patching, sanding, and painting has been finished the hallway will get sconces,.
Sevenoaks, south east/southern, tn145wh. We’re salisbury based and will carry out work in the city and into the surrounding area call us today to discuss any specific requirements and receive a free no obligation quote. I was hoping to tap your collective knowledge for any tips and hints in rewiring a house a few tips i had been.
Those in the springfield, il area know to contact our staff when it comes to electrical service in fact, we offer friendly and trained professionals that knave the experience to provide service at all commercial nd residential locations additionally, we make sure the safety of you, your family and your home stays paramount throughout the entire process contact our staff for the following services. We are also registered with checkatrade, trustmark.
When booking our domestic electrician course, you will have the option of. Free tool to analyse your finances and scrutinise spending. Protect your family by having lec install a state-of-the-art security system, including options for remote camera monitoring and motion activated alerts. We are recruiting for a vehicle electrician to join our team in oldham. So to discuss your.
If it’s established that your brighton and hove property needs a rewiring, you can count on us to provide a fast and efficient service for both residential and commercial properties we work with your building in mind, taking care to ensure minimum aesthetic disruptions. A council will request that a electrical installation safety report be provided.
We have a selective client base and gain most orders via repeat business. Offers a fast professional service we provide support to many different types of organisations within the commercial sector covering southampton, hampshire and nationwide from single retail outlets to shopping centres, local authorities, schools and office complexes. Diploma in electrical installations buildings and structures - level 3 - part time - evening. However, it seems javascript.
Registered electricians will work in conformance with the uk national standard, bs 7671 - requirements for electrical installations they will issue a safety certificate for their electrical work to confirm that the installation has been designed, constructed, inspected and tested, in accordance with the standard. A commonly quoted price, is an average of £2500 which will include the following. Blake.
6 Jan 2013 pvd coating machine ,vacuum coating machine , multi-arc ion coating machine Magnetron sputtering, Evaporation coating,Ion Plating, Multi-arc ion coating, vacuum system, batch coating equipment, continuous coating production line, decorative coating, optical coating, hard coating, EMI, NCVM,
It can plating stainless steel, chrome, titanium, tungsten and other metal films can also be alloy plating film or compounds, such as TiN \ TiAlN \ CrN film, horizontal multi-arc ion plating machine is mainly for large metal parts decorative film or functional film coating, suitable for stainless steel plate, stainless steel pipe,
We are manufacturer of all kinds of PVD vacuum coating machine such as resistance evaporation vacuum coating machine、electron beam evaporation optical vacuum coating machine、magnetron sputtering vacuum coating machine 、multi-arc ion vacuum coating machine、multifunctional vacuum coating machine and
Quality PVD Equipment manufacturers & exporter - buy pvd coating machine/arc ion vacuum coating system+magnetron sputtering coating system from China is integrated with multi-arc ion coating film and magnetron sputtering and coating film deposition technologies and integration, especially applies to coating a
Cutting tools vacuum coating machine / TiN PVD vacuum palting machine adopts the multi-arc coating way, it is a vertical type or horizontal type and with one .. Planar Sputtering target for PVD vacuum coating machine is widely used in Multi- arc ion or Magnetron Sputtering PVD vacuum coating industry for decorative
A wide variety of multi-arc ion coating machine options are available to you, such as vacuum coating, powder coating, and painting. magnetron sputtering multi- arc ion coating system / vacuum coating machine for ceramic multi-arc ion sputtering coating machine multi arc ion pvd vacuum plasma coating machine.
Cathodic arc deposition or Arc-PVD is a physical vapor deposition technique in which an electric arc is used to vaporize material from a cathode target. The vaporized material then condenses on a substrate, forming a thin film. The technique can be used to deposit metallic, ceramic, and composite films.
producing an incredible array of physical vapor deposition (PVD) coatings and uses. Cathodic arc ion energies are higher than sputtering or evaporation Cathodic arc plasma. Photo: Multi Arc. Coating Applications. Typical uses for coatings produced with cathodic arc are: tribological applications for wear and corrosion.
for the AIP (Arc Ion Plating) method from the USA and started manufacturing the sputtering method, a type of PVD method. Since then, we have by (Ti, Al) N coating. Figure 1 provides a schematic of an AIP system. In the AIP system, multiple evaporation sources with a plate target are equipped on the lateral side of a
Most commonly used methods are sputtering and cathodic arc. The typical process temperature for PVD coatings is between 250 and 450 °C. In some cases, Ionbond PVD coatings can be deposited at temperatures below 70 °C or up to 600 °C, The coatings can be deposited as mono-, multi- and graded layers.
Qingdao UBU Vacuum Equipments Corp., Ltd., Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting vacuum coating equipment,PVD coating equipment and 899 more Products. A Verified CN Gold Supplier on Alibaba.
Thanks for visiting Custom Wood Ideas. Most of us have used internet for locating information, tips, posts or other guide for their purposes. Such as you are. Do you come here to get new fresh idea about 4b93ffb4c80db E96bdf422e1e8c Leather Firewood Carrier? What number websites have you read for getting more detail regarding 4b93ffb4c80db E96bdf422e1e8c Leather Firewood Carrier?
4b93ffb4c80db E96bdf422e1e8c Leather Firewood Carrier is one of raised niche right now. We know it from google engine data like adwords or google trends. In order to bring beneficial advice to our audience, weve tried to locate the nearest relevance pic about 4b93ffb4c80db E96bdf422e1e8c Leather Firewood Carrier. And here you will observe now, this image have already been extracted from reputable source.
We think this 4b93ffb4c80db E96bdf422e1e8c Leather Firewood Carrier image will present you with some extra point for your need and that we hope you enjoy it. We understand, we might have different view relating to this but at least we have attempted our best.
This picture has been submitted by our team. You can view even more helpful posts in Wood Rack group. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
CUTA is launching its first-ever photo competition aimed to showcase the beauty, complexity and benefits of transit in Canada. This contest is open to the public and all entries must be submitted by August 15, 2018. Winners will receive cash prizes, including six $200 prizes for finalists and three grand prizes of $750.
Please read all rules and regulations prior to submitting your photos. Photos that violate the conditions of the contest will not be considered.
You can submit multiple photos to any of the pre-determined categories, a jury will select the finalists on August 22, 2018.
When we think of transit and urban mobility, we think of buses, trains, and bike lanes. Its time to think about art as well! This category is dedicated to the beautiful and modern evolution in transit. Capture transit vehicles, stations, and bike lanes in the most creative, abstracted, or colorful ways. Play with shapes, perspective, and lights as you wish. Transit is beautiful. #CUTAPhotoComp
When in transit, we Meet, Socialize, Discover and Travel. This category looks at the social dimension of transit. One of our themes at CUTA is “putting the customer in the heart of the transit”. Capture the social side of your Transit Community—whether that’s in a big city or a small town. Models are encouraged and allowed, but not required. Any age, anywhere on transit! #CUTAPhotoComp
There are many ways to get around the city: busing, skating, cycling, or simply walking! Urban mobility is an ever-changing world of humans in motion. Capture several modes of transit in one photo, from bikers and buses sharing a street, to joggers running on the boardwalk while a ferry sails on the river behind them. Show the diverse nature of urban mobility in Canada. #CUTAPhotoComp
I'm resubmitting my photo titled "bikeboatfloatplaneML because it had grafitti on it that I hadn't noticed. I've removed it in this newest version. Thanks!
Chico Mobile takes on the Philippine market by releasing its three competitive and budget-friendly smartphones. They are known to be related to the pre-existing ZH&K Mobile. Read more
Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. is 100% accurate.
Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information.
In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.
Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website)
This wonderful, richly illustrated book tells the amazing story of St Giles House and its resurrection over the last fifteen years. It is a fabulous record and testiment to The Earl of Shaftesbury's determination to rescue the house and live in it again as a family home. We feel extremely priviledged to have been appointed to lead the project from the very start.
We are extremely pleased to be part of one of the six teams shortlisted in the competition to reimagine and bring back to life the National Trust's Clandon Park following the major fire that devastated it in 2015. The selected concept designs are currently on display at Clandon and videos illustrating the teams' approach have been posted on the competition website:
Please watch members of the team describe our ideas for the future of Clandon Park in a short video:
The winner will be selected through an extended procedure which includes inviting the public to comment on the schemes via a survey at the exhibition or by writing to the competition organisers. We hope you will let your views be known by emailing <clandonpark@malcolmreading.co.uk> by 15 September.
The Heritage Revealed Project at Dartington for the repair of the C18 Deer Park Wall was officially opened on 27th July. The present wall, built in 1738, enclosed a much smaller area than the original 1326 deer park, but after centuries of neglect the wall was buried in woodland and shrouded with ivy. A condition report in 2014 (by PHA) found the wall to be in a perilous state. PHA were commissioned to specify and administer repairs stabilise, reset and repoint the wall.
Rhodri Samuel, Chief Executive of the Dartington Hall Trust commented: 'About 700-800 visitors joined us yesterday. It was brilliant to see so many people enjoying themselves and learning new things about Dartington's past. The project's principal funders, the Heritage Lottery Fund, Viridor Credits Environmental Company and Natural England's Higher Level Land Stewardship, all commented on the significant impact that they can see the project is having, and I believe left encouraged by the potential for this project to act as a catalyst for wider change.'
PHA are looking for a Building Surveyor with a genuine interest in conservation work to join our team. The position is permanent and full-time with a salary negotiable depending on experience. If you would like to work for us please send your application and cv to philip@pha-building-conservation.co.uk
The HLF grant-aided project at Underfall Yard in Bristol has been presented with a Bristol Civic Society Award. The Design Awards are run annually and 'recognise developments in Bristol which make a positive contribution to the local environment through excellence of design'. PHA acted as sub-consulants to Alec French Architects in connection with the repairs.
On 27th May a service was held to mark the completion of the repair of the roofs at St Martin's Church, North Perrott. This Thanksgiving Service was led by the Bishop of Bath and Wells and celebrated the culmination of a long programme of repairs to the roofs of this particularly beautiful grade I church following multiple thefts of lead during 2011 and 2012.
We are very happy to announce that Marc Pique Gascon has been awarded an MSc in the Conservation of Historic Buildings. Marc qualified as an architect in Barcelona in 2011 and has recently been accepted as a member of the RIBA. He has worked with PHA for over three years and is a very valued member of the team.
St Giles House has been featured in an excellent article by John Martin Robinson in Country Life. The article has appeared over two weeks - 16th and 23rd November.
'. . . the touch is sure and the overall visual impact aesthetically harmonious as well as historically literate.'
'Viewed as a whole, this is one of the most original and successful country-house restorations of recent years.'
PHA were also involved in the re-thatching and repair of the Tithe Barn at Tisbury (now used as Messums Gallery in Wiltshire) featured in the 23rd November issue.
We are delighted to announce that Samir Khatri has accepted an offer to become an Associate of PHA. Samir joined PHA in 2014 and has taken the lead role in a number of complex and prestigious projects. See our Profile page for more about Samir.
Ebbesbourne Wake, St John the Baptist - our repair and conservation project at Ebbesbourne Wake has been shortlisted for the King of Prussia Gold Medal in the Ecclesiastical Architects and Surveyors Association Church Architecture Awards 2016, run in association with the National Churches Trust. Work has been undertaken by M B Conservation under the direction of PHA Associate, Sam Wheeler.
We attended the William Stansell Somerset Historic Building Awards 2016 on 15th September and were delighted to receive:
Conservation award for Maperton, St Peter and St Paul - a major programme of work to repair and conserve the fabric of the church.
This product helps you to contain the whitening solution completely and equally to every surface of your own tooth enamel,
Decide to try getting your custom-fit holder at an on-site dental lab other than because of your dental expert's workplace.
whitening processes. It really is almost like a person intuition, the necessity to beautify our-self.
Apart from the earlier causes, people experience teeth discolorations caused by innovative generation, treatment utilize, or maybe within the
normal accumulation of ingredients colors. These methods can be inescapable, but we pretty sure can create something you should let decrease
potential ideas, even so the most important objective will be make that happen whiter crowd-stopping laugh, as
get results. It may take around fourteen days to enable that you reach the standard of brightening you want.
Finally, this process is very pricey. The whole lot can run up to $600, not a lot of people can pay for to expend thousands to their looks.
the less. I've been using WordPress on various websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform.
Hey there, You've done a fantastic job. I'll definitely digg it and in my view recommend to my friends.
sure whether or not this submit is written by way of him as nobody else understand such certain approximately my
any plugin or anything you can recommend? I get so much lately it's driving me mad so any assistance
This Instructable will be a tutorial for the best ways to construct a variety of lengthy variety wireless sensing units, and how you can incorporate these sensing units right into an innovative open resource residence automation web server.
these critical devices, platforms, or networks as the most effective method to guarantee smooth future scalability.
How to lose weight with physical therapy exercises How to lose weight with physical therapy exercises – CP Magazine
Physical therapy usually involves natural methods, exercises, massages and equipment therapy to help rehabilitate patients who suffer from pain/inflammation or following an injury. Saying so, obesity is one of the main factors for increased pain and inflammation in joints. As physical therapists, we always advise patients to maintain a desired weight and low body fat percentage to ensure any medication/treatment/ therapy works at its best.
The sedentary life, unhealthy eating habits and less movement in day to day activities are few things that impact almost everyone battling the weight issue. As mentioned before, weight loss is key to a person’s wellbeing, it is also something that physical therapists specialize in and can help with. The negative impacts of obesity include high blood pressure and diabetes. Other movement related impacts may include, fatigue, limited flexibility, limited endurance, pain in joints and lower back and legs. Physical therapy has always considered the problem of obesity with seriousness. Although not always directly, physical therapy and related exercises can help with considerable weight loss.
Following the prescribed exercises with as much accuracy as possible and as frequently as prescribed is the first step. The exercises are not always intense, but they still burn calories and increase heart rate which aids fat loss. Performing exercises on the area apart form injury (in case of injury) also is essential. Some patients believe in no exercise while injured. This might add up the kilos. For example, if the pain is in the knee only, upper body can still be worked on, thus helping to burn calories. Swimming and movement/prescribed exercises in the water can also greatly benefit many patients.
Physical therapy involves patients performing basic stretching exercises along with more intense muscle strengthening exercises. Physiotherapy works to return the body to a healthy condition naturally and safely. Physical therapy is a maintenance therapy and also provides the body with the regular immunity to fight fat build-up and enhance weight loss. Definitely, it must be performed in combination with exercises and a balanced, calorie monitored diet, that can in turn promote weight loss along with healthier over all body movements.
Patients can lead a longer and happier life by just taking small, positive steps towards weight loss and physical therapy respects the natural processes in the body.
Working Groups & Projects International Chapters US Chapters Events CPSR Annual Conferences, Wiener Awards, and Members' Meetings Directions and Implications in Advanced Computing Conferences Participatory Design Conferences World Summit on the Information Society CPSR Upcoming Events Calendar All Events Calendar Past CPSR Events Other Events of Interest CPSR Conferences, including past events Ongoing CPSR activities Selected Resource Links Latest CPSR News Releases CPSR Events Calendar Other Events of Interest See what Working Groups & Chapters are doing Essay Contest for students Member tools & resources Ongoing CPSR activities
​A purchase authorization is a new tool Colorado Parks and Wildlife can use to issue products directly to the customer. Recipients of a purchase authorization can pick up their product at any CPW location or authorized agent​. Purchase authorizations can also be paid for online and licenses either mailed to the customers address or held for pick up at a CPW office or agent location. Instructions on how to redeem a purchase authorization - online​ / in an office or license agent.
Vouchers are an instrument used by several programs within CPW as a means of issuing licenses to hunters. Vouchers are not a license and must be redeemed for their appropriate license in order to hunt. Vouchers can be redeemed at any CPW location​ or agent​, even after the start of the season for which the license will be valid. Read instructions for license agents to redeem license vouchers​.
In the past, hunters who were successful in drawing certain Ranching for Wildlife​ licenses have received a voucher for an additional female license for the same season as their draw license. In 2018, these hunters will now receive a postcard with the voucher number. This postcard and voucher number can be used to pick up the hunter's additional license, the same way as a paper voucher. See license agents voucher instructions.
Avilla Christmas Charities, which is a group of volunteers from the Avilla Chamber membership and from the churches of St. Mary of Assumption, Immanuel Lutheran and Avilla United Methodist, have been raising funds throughout the year and are working on additional activities, such as a hat and glove drive and food and toy drives, as well as the Annual Christmas Benefit Turkey Dinner, which will be held on Sunday, November 4th at the St. James Restaurant, to be able to help provide a joyful and happy Christmas to children and families in the Avilla and LaOtto area.
Monetary donations can be mailed to the Avilla Chamber of Commerce at P.O. Box 614, Avilla, IN 46710, or dropped off at the Avilla Town Hall at 108 South Main Street. Please make checks payable to “Avilla Christmas Charities”.
The Noble County Public Library-Avilla will be accepting donations of hats, gloves, scarves, socks, toys, and nonperishable food items.
Donation of items to sell to raise funds can be donated by calling the Avilla Chamber of Commerce at 260-242-4898.
Adopt a family – Call the Avilla Chamber of Commerce at 260-242-4898 or contact St. Mary of Assumption Church, Immanuel Lutheran Church or Calvary United Methodist Church.
Purchase hats, gloves, toys, and non-perishable food and donate in-store at Dollar General (704 East Albion Street), Lassus Handy Dandy (245 North Main Street) and Parkers Outlet Center (134 Green Drive, Suite A). Donation boxes will be in place starting October 15th through December 2nd. More donation locations may be added soon.
The Avilla Chamber of Commerce accepts monetary donations and items to be sold to raise funds at any time throughout the year. Absolutely 100% of the items donated and funds raised go to helping families in need during the Christmas season in the Avilla and LaOtto areas.
It appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser. As a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you. We recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.
Welcome to the online Wellington County Business Directory. The County of Wellington has made every effort to ensure that the information in this business and community directory is accurate. However, businesses and organizations are in a continual state of change and therefore, the County cannot guarantee the absolute correctness, absence of errors or omissions of all information furnished.
If you require changes to your existing entry please use the login button below, or contact the County of Wellington's Economic Development Office at 519.837.2600 x2614 or by e-mail. If you would like to register your business, please use the Register button.
Please note: Only business located in Wellington County, and that are Taste Real Programme Partners are promoted in the County directory.
Relax and rejuvenate in the comfort of a log home on 95 acres of reforested farmland just minutes north of Fergus, in Arthur, Ontario. Oxy Acres includes perennial gardens, trails and all the beauty of the natural surroundings. The bright, spacious, main floor accommodations are welcoming and come with a full breakfast that features local seasonal produce. Enjoy the peace and quiet here.
PicoBong vibrators is a compact, on-line sale of Natur Line Sex SL for sale Picobong products and Lelo. Picobong for women who want to improve their system of emotional life.
The www.cqcqcq.net English FriendLinks : Welcome To Our Abercrombie and Fitch Website,Latest Abercrombie and Fitch on sale,Free Shipping,Secure Payment! EveryThing For Louis Vuitton Customers,For Customer's Everything.ForGoods.com is a Louis Vuitton Handbags & Louis Vuitton Bags On-Line Shopping Mall. Buy discount Nike Shoes and Jordan Shoes online, huge collection with high-quality at reasonable price.MBT Shoes is the world's most Louis Vuitton popular footwear brand among professional sport players. MBT offers Sneakers, Trainers, Runners and more. We are the best Gucci Shop in the earth,Buy Gucci Handbags and Gucci Bags here like ATM of Bank,Free Shipping.Gucci Handbags online store, whether you are looking for fashion items,we offer a variety of Gucci Bags. We Offer More Discount Vibram Five Fingers Here,Reliable Vibram Five Fingers Website,Buy Vibram Five Fingers Shoes,Safe Shopping.Tiffany is one online store for Tiffany Jewelry in last three years,so give the big discount and free shipping of Tiffany. Newest and Fashion Prada Handbags and Prada Bags at Very Big Discount Our Sites.Check in here. The Best Discount MBT Shoes Clearance Outlet,We Only Sale Cheapest MBT Shoes for Mens Womens and Kids Online.
Copyright © Canaria.es Classifieds ads. All rights reserved. Canaria.es does not accept responsibility for the advertised item. Agricopter Group
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Anal, Blowjob, Brunette, Hardcore, Teen. Bookmark the permalink.
NOTE: Occasionally, a lobbying client may refer to a bill number from a previous Congress, either in error or because they are lobbying on a bill that has not yet been assigned a number. In these cases, it will appear as though they are lobbying on the bill sharing that number in the Congress in which they are filing, which in most cases is a different bill entirely. To see more information about the bill the client is lobbying on, you can look at the specific report under the "Report images" tab on the lobbying client's profile page. If you believe that there is an error, please e-mail us and we will attempt to correct it. Read more...
H.R.83 113 Making consolidated appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 2
H.RES.766 113 Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5771) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend certain expiring provisions and make technical corrections, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 647) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax treatment of ABLE accounts established under State programs for the care of family members with disabilities, and for other purposes. 1
Client Lobbying Firms Individual Lobbyists Industry Issue/Specific Issue Agency Official Position Bills
Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics. For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: info@crp.org
A special interest's lobbying activity may go up or down over time, depending on how much attention the federal government is giving their issues. Particularly active clients often retain multiple lobbying firms, each with a team of lobbyists, to press their case for them.
NOTE: All lobbying expenditures on this page come from the Senate Office of Public Records. Data for the most recent year was downloaded on October 24, 2018.
The FY 2018 National Defense Authorization Act (H.R. 2810): issues related to cyber security and the certification of secure compartmentalized information facilities.
NOTE: This committee is a single-candidate super PAC in support of Cynthia Dill (D). Click here to view its independent expenditures.
*Based on data released by the FEC on April 16, 2013 except for independent expenditure and communication cost, contributions to federal candidates, and contributions from individual donor data, which were released by the FEC on March 25, 2013.
Toronto, a place I’ve enjoyed visiting since my childhood in Ohio, is a wonderful city with a truly diverse and hospitable populace and a vigorous arts & culture scene. And Canada is home to a broad range of exceptional jazz artists and the absolute best jazz festival circuit of any country on the planet. Toronto played host last week to the annual conference of the International Association for Jazz Education (IAJE)and I came away wondering if Toronto was an apt conference host. On the whole the conference lacked its usual juice; somehow the energy level was decidedly down, not to mention conference registration.
Perhaps the major reason for this is because for one reason or another the jazz industry simply did not travel this time around. Some blamed it on the weather — which though chilly was never truly cold and lacking precipitation was quite manageable even for those not housed in the Intercontinental Hotel adjacent to the conference site at the convention center. It seemed that at least the threat of inclement weather was enough to cause some of the senior jazz artists usually in attendance to bag the trip, as was evidenced in the case of NEA Jazz Masters attendance. And let’s not forget how notoriously lazy and provincial certain members of the New York-centric jazz industry and intelligensia are about traveling to the "provinces."
Consequently, though expertly programmed as usual, the conference’s Industry Track offerings were in many cases — some glaringly so — under-attended and lacking their usual buzz. Maybe it was the perception in certain corners of the jazz industry of a lack of the usual sidebar meeting opportunities; Toronto was definitely absent the hang-out atmosphere of the New York conferences where many folks skip registration but hang out at the HQ hotels all day taking advantage of their peers being on-site for the annual confab and the joys of simply connecting with friends and colleagues in the business.
One notable example of low session attendance was the annual Grammy Soundtable, which always plays to a packed house. Perhaps it was the emphasis on historic recording engineers (Phil Ramone, Al Schmitt) that didn’t exactly resonate with conferees. Whatever the case, I had to dash off to another session but when I left the room was barely 1/4 occupied! DownBeat’s live Blindfold tests are always SRO sessions; but this year’s participants, the distinguished NEA Jazz Master David Baker and educator Jamey Aebersold didn’t have quite the pull of the usual all-star draw.
Howard Mandel (catch his blog link on this site) seemed to be everywhere, wearing his Jazz Journalist Association hat proudly and chairing a couple of sessions. One in particular, a roundtable on the digital age, featured the erudite Canadian critic James Hale and the brilliant Canadian keyboardist-composer Andy Milne. I counted less than a dozen in the audience for what could have been a lively discussion. The evening concerts, though blessed with their own charms, lacked the draw of the usual evening events at the New York conferences. And the exhibit hall was decidedly low-key and down in terms of vendor participation.
All that aside it was still a good hang; an excellent opportunity to connect with industry friends and jazz peers. Among the highlights were gala awardee Bill Strickland’s heartfelt acceptance speech and the performance of the Sisters in Jazz on the Wednesday event, followed by a sparkling performance by the New York Voices at the evening concert. Frankly I had tended to somewhat dismiss the New York Voices as a bit slick around the edges; my ears were indeed opened by their IAJE performance, which was augmented by special guest NEA Jazz Master Paquito D’Rivera’s usual joie de vivre. The truly original young guitarist Lionel Loueke essayed his forthcoming Blue Note debut with aplomb to close that particular evening.
The next morning — and here is truly one of the best reasons to attend IAJE, notice I said morning — at 11:00 the promising young acoustic bassist-vocalist Esperanza Spalding, who will release her Heads Up debut recording later this spring, gave a fine account of her blossoming skills. I was particularly delighted to hear the engrossing young drummer Otis Brown, who had been a guest on my Jazz Ed TV show on BET Jazz some years back as a student, and Cleveland homeboy Jamey Hadad on percussion assisting Ms. Spalding, who has special talent written across her forehead.
One of the best organized and most heartfelt sessions, and one which did draw a packed room, was the Thursday afternoon Wynton Kelly and the Musical Company He Kept, a loving tribute to one of the swingingest pianists this music has ever produced. Kelly was remembered principally by drummer Jimmy Cobb, bassist Paul West, and his cousin NEA Jazz Master Randy Weston. And just to put the man in the house as it were, the session ended with the screening of a Jazz Icons DVD performance of Kelly in the company of John Coltrane rendering "On Green Dolphin Street." Immediately following that, in an obvious statement of IAJE’s usual embarassment of riches, Dan Morgenstern ably pinch-hit for Billy Taylor in a NEA Jazz Master’s conversation with Roy Haynes, which was followed by an NEA Jazz Masters roundtable with three of their Advocacy category Masters: John Levy, Dan Morgenstern, and Gunther Schuller.
The NEA Jazz Masters day was actually Friday and in addition to the two sessions above, A.B. Spellman ably interviewed the 2008 NEA Jazz Masters recipients: Candido, Quincy Jones, Tom McIntosh, Gunther Schuller, and Joe Wilder. Trumpet master Wilder opened by recalling his former early bandleader Lionel Hampton as both musical giant and midget in the way he often mis-treated his musicians, observations which drew knowing chuckles from the large assemblage. Full disclosure: I work intimately with this program as coordinator of the NEA Jazz Masters Live project.
Friend and colleague Larry Blumenfeld, who has been a tireless champion of all things New Orleans in pointing out the ongoing ills and disparities of the post-storm recovery as part of his ongoing book project (also see the three installments of my New Orleans newcomer’s diary elsewhere on this blog and read Blumenfeld’s linked blog for his potent commentaries), chaired a rewarding session titled In the Number which included live testimony from Scott Aiges of the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Foundation, and Blumenfeld’s revealing taped interview segments. Alas, though heart was deep in this house, session attendance was pitiful.
The following Saturday morning was another of those AM performance gems one often finds at IAJE. Bassist and Berklee educator Oscar Stagnaro directed the IAJE Latin America Jazz Ensemble under the auspices of the Puerto Rico chapter of IAJE (hey, how ’bout an IAJE conference in San Juan?) in a crisp performance thoroughly en clave, richly in the jazz tradition. Various sidebar meetings that afternoon and a final run through the exhibit hall prevented attendance of Saturday panel sessions. Thankfully I came up for some fresh air at 4:00 and copped a comfortable seat for yet another strong performance, this time by the very complimentary and creative duo of saxophonist-clarinetist Marty Ehrlich and pianist Myra Melford, who has certainly come a long way from the shy young woman I first met as a finalist at the Thelonious Monk piano competition years ago. Back then Myra wasn’t quite sure of her direction. Now she is an entirely assertive, first rank pianist and composer with a growing and impressive discography. And having Marty Ehrlich and Paquito D’Rivera on the same conference provided the keen of ear a delicious opportunity to sample the state of the jazz clarinet.
Later that evening over a delicious Indian meal in good journalist company, career jazz record man Ricky Schultz, salting the conversation with a particularly humorous recollection of his MCA days encounter with the legendary Lew Wasserman, unveiled his promising new station at the fresh approach of Resonance Records, a new not-for-profit model. Stay tuned for some good music from that port. There are major changes afoot at IAJE central — again, stay tuned… It will be quite interesting to see how next year’s conference, slated for Seattle, turns out; a real test of whether or not the conference should permanently root itself in New York. But let’s not get too rash, after all the 2011 conference is scheduled for the Crescent City — and that’ll be a guaranteed blast.
After becoming an Affiliate, the following items are displayed on your Affiliate's Commission Records Page:
(1) Your name, address, phone number, fax number and e-mail (as provided by you during your on-line Affiliate's Application process - you can update these details anytime, should it be necessary).
(3) A facility to change your password (a password is required to log into your Affiliate's Commission Records Page from any of the Registration Agents' websites - you can change your password anytime).
(4) The names of any other Web Sites you own and from which you wish to publicise the Personal Domain Service (you can paste your unique url into the html codes on other web sites you own to promote our Personal Domain Service, but first they must be listed and your ownership confirmed).
(5) As an Affiliate, you can name the link displayed on your web site as either 'Want your own Web-Site?' or you can use any alternatively worded promotional link, logo or advert, the links you display on individual web sites you own, can all be worded differently to have greater appeal to your website visitors, although the same unique url has to be pasted into the html codes on all of your web sites, .
(6) A Payments Button. (you can activate your Commission Payments Button to receive commission you are entitled to, in accordance with item 4(i) of the Affiliate's Agreement
As an Affiliate, you simply enter your website address in the box displayed upon clicking the Log-In button on any of Our Pages Ltd's own web sites (like the penultimate button on the left of this web site) and then enter your name and password and follow the progress of your introductions by viewing:
(i) the "registration status" of referrals introduced to the Registration Agents by Customers who have clicked the 'Want your own Web-Site?' link or any alternatively worded link on your Web Site(s)
Our Pages Ltd will credit 'One Pound' commission to the 'Intruducing Affiliate' upon receiving the first years' subscription from their 'Introduced Customer' for use of the Personal Domain Service; this will be held on trust on behalf of the Affiliate until paid over to them.
Commission will only be paid to the Affiliate by Our Pages Ltd ONLY on a quarter day, namely 25th March, 24th June, 29th September or 25th December and that they also agree ONLY to make a commission claim in respect of a minimum of 10 introduced Customers that have been using the Personal Domain Service for a minimum period of 3 months after their 7 days' trial period has ended. The Affiliate agrees to open a PayPal Account into which the Registration Agents will deposit commission payments when the Affiliate becomes entitled to receive them. Only if these criteria are met, will the Affiliate be entitled to receive any commission payment. An e-mail reminder will be sent to the Affiliate seven days in advance of a quarter day to remind them to activate their 'Commission Payments Button' on the Affiliate's Commission Records Page in order for them to receive the Commission that they have become entitled to.
Important: Commission may be forfeited when a new customer is introduced by an Affiliate who then fails to meet the criteria for payment, as set out in the previous paragraph, within a period of 12 months from making their introduction.
To be entitled to receive any commission payments in respect of past, current or future Introduced Customers, the Affiliate must agree to display their unique url at all times from at least one of their Web Sites in order to be able to direct Visitors to one of the Registration Agents' Web Sites.
Dr. Ezra is attentive to your individual needs and provides a thorough vision exam and ocular health evaluation. He believes that you should expect the care and attention your eyes deserve.
Dr. Ezra Atikune graduated from the Illinois College of Optometry with distinctions in advanced ophthalmic care. He practices with the latest medical eye equipment and knowledge and makes sure to take his time with each patient to provide a comprehensive exam and to meet each person's needs. He enjoys being an active member of the community, as well as exploring Portland eats, the outdoors and adventures with his wife, baby girl and chocolate labrador. Dr. Ezra is dedicated to his patients and works diligently to provide the best patient/customer experience possible.
Our Office Manager Aaron has been in the optical industry for nearly two decades, as a job in Montana started off his career in 1999. At the recommendation of a friend, he applied to be an optician, and when his place of employment closed, he made the jump over to a national chain eyewear retailer.
Aaron moved to Portland in 2005 and went back to school for History and English, and although he took a momentary break from all things optical, his love for the industry never left him. In 2017, he joined the team here at Optik PDX.
“I love the fact that we’re focused on patient care and quality of service first and foremost. I love that we’re dedicated to offering only the very best quality frames and lenses from independent eyewear designers and manufacturers. I love how engaged with and supportive of the local community our office is. But most of all, I love the fact that I work with some of the best people I’ve known (coworkers and patients alike) in a relaxed, happy, upbeat environment.”
Known for his love of quirky yet classic eyewear, Aaron has two current favorites at the shop: the Matsuda model M3068 and the “M” series from Anne et Valentin. Be sure to stop by and check them out!
The path to becoming an optician was basically in Nate’s blood, as he was first introduced to the optical world when helping out in his father’s optometry practice in Massachusetts. After learning the ropes and working with his dad for three years, Nate moved to Portland and grew his optical knowledge even further.
He started working at Optik PDX in 2016 and enjoys a variety of roles here. He loves helping patients find stylish eyewear and also plays an important part in the inventory our shop features. “Some of my additional duties are Contact Lens Technician and Frame Buyer. I help keep Optik PDX stocked with the latest styles and refresh our always changing collections.”
Why does Nate love working here? Giving each one of our patients personal attention lets Nate know that he’s making a difference instead of simply moving patients down an assembly line of care.
Always seen wearing some truly awesome vintage threads, Nate’s fashion sense certainly expands into his eyewear collection: “I keep the colors traditional, generally choosing black or a dark tortoise shell. I enjoy the small details like an interesting keyhole bridge or classic vintage-style rivets.”
One of our most creative employees at Optik PDX, Yissel brings her artistic talents to the team and gets the chance to do what she loves every single day.
“I have been with Optik PDX for about six months now. I am an Optician as well as the Director of Marketing. I not only fit and style people in their eyewear, but I also get the pleasure of letting the world see what we do. I do the photography and manage all of our social media accounts keeping everyone up to date with the latest fashion styles.”
Yissel began working in the optical industry in 2013 with the intention of becoming a receptionist, but was hired as an optician and learned the ins and outs of the industry on the job. She loves the amount of patient care the team at Optik PDX provides and is proud to call our shop home.
Her current frame favorites are: “The new Matsuda M2022 in Champagne - but I already sold it! My second favorite frame in the store would be the Anne et Valentin Birdy. It's unique and eye-catching for those that dare to be bold.”
As the newest member of our team, Nicole Marie has quickly become an integral part of what makes Optik PDX such a great place to be. She works as our Office Coordinator and Business to Business Outreach Coordinator. This is her first time working in the optical industry, but her previous experience in the New York fashion industry has certainly come in handy with our selection of eyewear.
Her eyewear style has been refined and polished throughout the years, and Nicole Marie’s current taste is gorgeous: “Clean lines, gold trim, and femme with a touch of urban edge to it.” She currently wears the Mykita Ulla, which is a true representation of her style, and also loves a few of the Dita sunglasses we have on our shelves.
Nicole Marie’s favorite thing about working in the shop? “Watching patients enjoy trying on different styled glasses and finding a pair or two they know highlights their personality and style.” We’re so thrilled to have Nicole Marie as a part of our team!
Heart Beats: Country Lovin': Songs From The Heart music CD album at CD Universe, This is part of Rhino's Heart Beats series, Audio Remasterers Geoff.
Sep 13, 2010 . Richard,. Hello. I'm a fan of your page and I've have enjoyed your advice and opinion. I'll be brief. I have a question. Today is 9/11. It is an event .
Living in a remote area is not always easy, particularly if you are country dating and looking for country love. That is why we are seeing 1000's of farmers and .
May 4, 2008 . classic country song. . looking for love in all the wrong places with lyrics. twirl30 . this fits me perfectly i love this song and can? relate to it .
Feb 21, 2011 . i am a mature retired women who is independent,loyal,compassionate,honest and will always have your back so to speak. I own my place ,5 .
If you're based in the United States of America or Canada and you love country sports, this is the site for you. Shorten your search for love and friendship by .
Search Aussie Singles, find love today, Friendships or a Relationship! . been specifically designed to connect people who love the country Australian lifestyle.
Home decorating, recipes and antiques and collectibles online from Country Living magazine. . Simple and quick dinner ideas you and your family will love!
A list of what we feel are the best country love songs through the ages. You may . "Looking back on the memory of the dance we shared 'neath the stars above." .
Jun 21, 2012 . Country Lovin - 30 country love songs including tracks by artists like Carrie . awesome, i've been looking for a great country love song mix and .
east union middle school principal making money with steel fabrication chicken salad recipes for sandwiches
It's about a country singer named Elisabeth Harris with a daughter looking for love. When she meets Rusty Moore another county singer they fall in love. Will this .
horse carts for sale :: liter vs cup measurements :: vacation resorts near pittsburgh pa :: unclaimed property division state of california :: faye amos border collies :: sante fe f7 315l :: earl's drive-in buffalo ny :: heather's in lima ohio
New Delhi, Sep 1 : Merely possessing a pair of classic, high-quality mens shoes will bring the wearer happiness, but true exuberance and appreciation comes when he learns how to properly carry them with elegance and class.
Ishaan Sachdeva, Director at Alberto Torresi and Harkirat Singh, Managing Director at Woodland, list some tips to decide on the best festival shoes.
* While going for sneakers: Sneakers can be the safest option for any festival if you are planning to wear something casual rather than going ethnic. But it comes with a few warnings: Any white shoe will automatically get dirty and some may not actually have the comfort needed to get through the entire day. Avoid slip-on styles with super-flat soles and consider with super-flat soles and consider it a support to add even more stability.
* Give your shoes a test run: This rule can be applied to any pair of shoe you are planning to wear for a big event. Give any new shoes a trial run and proper wear-in before wearing them for a festival. Even the most comfortable sneakers and sandals can initially cause blisters on the initial few tries, so make sure any final option is tried and tested before the big event.
* When planning to go ethnic: If you are planning to wear sandals with your ethnic outfit, just make sure you choose the once that hold you in all day. Skip lace-up styles that need to be retied throughout the day and instead choose a style with buckled straps that hold in the entire foot.
* Comfort goes a longer way: Festivals are just as much a chance for you to be flaunting good-looking outfit and classic shoes. There goes a long hectic day full of rituals and festivities, so scoring a comfortable yet stylish pair of shoes become a formidable task.
* The formal classics: The more formal the occasion, the classic and simpler the men's shoes are meant to be. A plain black, brown coloured shoe is hence the perfect choice for the festive occasions. A tan coloured loafer can be donned with the traditional kurta look or with the trousers for the modish look.
We hold all applications for a period of twelve months and will contact qualified applicants with applications on file. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Today I sit and schedule and prep for the start of my next adventure. See, as soon as Beachbody program comes out I am ready to commit to it as I know they are built for success. Some programs I am more excited for than others but I do dig into all of them.
As I sat on my cruise in my bikini or lay in my bed on my side, I know just by feel that I am desperately in need of getting back to feeling amazing in my clothes. I have muffin top syndrome going on right now. In my eyes I have let myself go. I have been lacking motivation since almost completing Hammer Master and Chisel (I love that program but life hit me with a curve ball and I had a hard time getting back on the wagon with it). I am terrified of stepping on the scale in the morning and taking measurements. I haven’t done that since my TEST GROUP experience with PIYO. But I have committed to myself and am treating this as if I am in the test group for this program. I know with that mentality, it is what keeps me pushing everyday including the days I want a big glass of wine or I just want to sleep in and not workout.
My love for Tony Horton is strong. He was my Beachbody First Love! So, I will do everything in my power to complete this program EVEN with the Women’s Hockey National Tournament in 1 1/2 weeks. Traveling on the meal plan will be the most difficult thing to do I will admit. My goal for the next week and a half is to figure out how to stay on track while traveling to Minnesota. I am happy that this workout is only 22 minutes and I can stream it on the new Beachbody On Demand App. (If you have the program, email me and I can share with you how to stream it on an app)
Here is my first go around on the meal planning and I have to tell you that THIS MEAL PLAN is the BEST meal plan that Beachbody has ever done. They have listened to the consumers and coaches over the years and have blown my mind with how simple it is to follow!!!
I will be hitting the Grocery Store today on the quest to make it super simple to follow and not to bore myself so that I can really just focus on getting my workouts done and not stress about the food.
Here it is: My meal plan for the week (email me if you would like a copy of my shopping list as well. Just title your email “22 min hard corps shopping list”)
I wrote about how I was testing out The Slow Carb Diet a couple years ago when I discovered what it was by the famous author and entrepreneur Tim Ferris.
1 – Eat Lean Meats, Beans and Veggies. Don’t eat Fruit, white foods (breads, pastas, potatoes), or sugar.
You are rapidly burning fat as you are avoiding foods that promote fat storage. It does use a bit of wild Hack-techniques like eating immediately upon waking and binging on a “cheat” food once a weak to give your Metabolism a little SPARK of confusion.
Eat the listed approved foods, eat the same few meals over and over again, especially for breakfast and Lunch. Most of us actually already do this. Don’t drink your calories. (1-2 glasses of red wine is ok — hee hee like this one). Start your day with protein — 30 grams immediately upon waking. Don’t eat fruit (Tomatoes and avocado in moderation). You should be getting at least 20 grams of protein with each meal.
Paleo dieting has been the latest trend in food. I will admit this is how I typically eat when I am dialed in my nutrition. I accompany my Paleo eating with the 21 Day fix portion control system. I do this because I could eat avocado all day, lol. No really what I say is moderate and what you say is moderate can be completely different. When we have the portion control system, there is ZERO guessing and I have been incredibly successful in weight loss and keeping my weight off this way.
So do I think one way is better than the other. Absolutely not! Do I think Sugar is bad and you should avoid it, YES! Both programs avoid sugar which is KEY. I actually encourage you to try both and see what works for your body. I like to talk about our body’s having Bio-Individuality. Everyone is different and what works for me may very well not work for you. But you will never know unless you commit to something for at least 3 weeks and pay attention to how your body reacts.
I would be happy to help walk you through any of these programs in my coaching program and challenge groups. Please email me at coachannagray@gmail.com with your concerns.
If you have been following me on Instagram at @paleoish_fitbusymom then you will know that I am all about eating Paleo, or kinda, lol. See there are no Paleo police out there to catch me from doing it WRONG. All I know is that my body functions the best on this type of email plan so it is easy for me to look up meal plans and recipes that fit my needs because of the Paleo title..
Eat before you work out. Don’t eat before you work out. Eat only carbs after a workout. Don’t eat carbs…ever. The mixed messages in the media about how to fuel for and recover from a workout, run the above gamut and then some. Add to that the numerous extreme diet trends, and you’ve got even more (mis)information at your fingertips.
As a Paleoista, I’d like to set the record straight by going back to basics. Way, way back—like a couple million years, to be a bit more precise! Since our ancestors were athletes in their own right, we can look to them to mimic the food groups they consumed and model an eating plan accordingly. The goal is to eat with a focus on local, seasonal veggies and some fruit, wild fish instead of farmed (or canned), grass-fed meats, and a good dose of healthy fats.
Don’t worry—I’m not going to suggest you take up hunting, throw away your clothing in favor of a loincloth, and take up barefoot running. I’m Paleo, but I’m no cavewoman! What I do suggest is that you eat a variety of whole foods from farmer’s markets, grocery stores, and even your own backyard, and steer clear of processed, packaged items that are high in salt, sugar, bad fats, and assorted chemicals.
As we exercise, our nutritional needs change and the more we provide our bodies with clean, high-octane fuel, the better we can expect them to perform.
But how do we make full use of those foods? It depends on what you’re doing. What I eat when preparing for a long day of Ironman training is vastly different than what a client might eat for an epic strength-training session and still different from how you could prepare for a short bout of intense cardiovascular activity first thing in the morning. Let’s break it down:
Strength sessions done in a fasted state first thing in the morning can potentially help the body to release maximal levels of HgH (growth hormone) which allows the body to recover, repair, and refuel for the next workout. This can also happen later in the day if you do them roughly an hour after eating a lean-protein meal and follow it with a similar lean-protein meal about 45 minutes to an hour after your strength-training session.
Examples of lean-protein meals: Sliced, lean pastured turkey breast or an egg white omelet. (Save the yolks to eat later. They’re good for you!)
Training first thing in the morning in a fasted state has been proven to help the body become more efficient at utilizing fat as a substrate. Even for those who don’t necessarily need to lose weight, Paleo practitioners believe functioning on fat as your fuel throughout the day provides for improved mental focus, balanced energy levels, and less cravings for sweets, as the latter is typically representative of a blood sugar crash in disguise.
If you haven’t tried working out in the morning without eating first, do so in a controlled environment. Start with something as simple as a 30-minute cardio session the first couple of times to see how your body reacts. You can build your way up to longer bouts of activity over time. Just be sure to give your body the opportunity to adapt. Don’t go out for a two-hour run in a fasted state if you’ve never tried it before and have been relying on carbohydrate gels up until now.
Afterwards, be sure to eat a proper Paleo-inspired breakfast focusing, as most Paleo plates do, on eating a hefty portion of a variety of veggies, balanced out with some wild proteins and a good dose of healthy fat. As your workout duration increases, begin to add some Paleo-friendly starches like yam, or a higher glycemic fruit, like ripe banana, to your breakfast to help your body recover.
An example of a post-cardio Paleo breakfast: An omelet made from two or three cage-free eggs then cooked in coconut oil and placed on a bed of leafy greens with avocado.
If your workout stretches beyond two hours, begin to include more starch. (Contrary to popular belief, we do not need starch at every meal; we need it only when we’re going to be moving our bodies.) About two hours before a long workout, eat a meal that has a 4:1 ratio of carbs to protein. No need to overthink it—just have some yams (check out my signature Paleoista Baked Yam ‘fries’) with some easily digestible protein, such as couple of soft boiled eggs, or a homemade smoothie, such as this one.
Also keep in mind that it can sometimes get tricky to fuel with natural foods during long training sessions or races such as marathons or Ironman competitions. Subsequently, you may need to include some not-so-Paleo items, like carbohydrate gels. But the rest of the time, if the bulk of what you eat is real, unprocessed food, eaten in proper ratios, you’re hedging our bets for success.
To recover from a longer session, first hydrate, then eat something similar to what you ate pre-workout. Return to normal Paleo eating as soon as your body lets you know it’s time.
With obesity on the rise and posing one of the most single most severe health problems in the country, it is no wonder that so many are trying to lose weight through any means necessary. There are countless fad diets, diet food delivery programs, fitness regimens and weight loss plans that swear to give you fast, noticeable results, but, when it comes to dieting, there is no such thing as an easy solution. The best way to achieve permanent weight loss is by eating fewer calories than what your body burns throughout the day. Obviously, incorporating fitness helps as well since it burns calories and helps off set the calories in versus calories out.
Although it is important to cut down on calories consumed, it is also just as important not to restrict calories so much so that you are hungry all day and causing the body to burn muscle for fuel. In order to avoid this, you will not only have to restrict calorie intake, but will also have to incorporate certain foods into your diet that aid in weight loss simply by consuming them. Yes, that’s right, there are actually certain foods that are low in calories, low in fat and contain plenty of fiber. These foods help keep you full longer, speed up your metabolism and assist in digestion. They help prevent overeating and make calorie restriction a much easier goal to accomplish.
Water is the key component to losing weight, keeping it off and doing it in a healthy way. Water helps the kidneys and liver function properly so that your food is digested and fat is burned efficiently when consumed. If you do not consume enough water, your kidneys will have a difficult time processing protein and your liver will have to jump in and help. One of the liver’s main functions is to process fat in the body. If it has to do another job to help out the kidneys as well, fat burning will be inhibited. In addition to being a necessary tool for digestion, water also helps keep you full in between, before and after meals. By drinking one to two glasses of water prior to each meal, you will get full quicker and consume fewer calories.
Green vegetables such as romaine lettuce, Swiss chard, spinach kale and other leafy green vegetables contain a variety of nutrients critical to weight loss, especially an abundance of fiber. Fiber helps keep you full longer, hence helping you consume fewer calories at each meal. Leafy green vegetables also fight free radicals and improve muscle recovery after exercise. Incorporate a leafy green vegetable to each meal of the day by adding a green salad prior your main meal. This is an easy way to add fiber and cut caloric intake with a healthy, pre-meal food.
Whole grains are important, especially when they are consumed and substituted for starches or white foods such as white bread and white rice. Some examples of whole grains are brown rice, whole grain cereals, quinoa, whole oats, and bran. Each of these foods, when eaten in small quantities at each meal, can help prevent the body from storing fat by helping move it along in the digestive system. This results in less fat storage and increased weight loss. Whole grains also provide a similar benefit to leafy greens and water. They help keep you full longer, preventing snacking between meals or overeating.
Lean protein such as white meat chicken, lean turkey, fish and extra lean meats all assist in weight loss. They do so by assisting your body with the muscle building process. After exercise, it is suggested that you consume a high protein meal or snack in order to help rebuild muscle fibers and help muscles heal. High protein meals and snacks are also more filling than sugary, carbohydrate filled post-workout favorites such as granola bars, cereal bars or pasta.
Fruits contain many vitamins and minerals that are necessary for the body to function. When it comes to fruit, however, it is important to choose the right foods in order to prevent insulin spikes and unnecessary fat storage. Fruits contain plenty of sugars, and although they are natural sugars, they will still have an impact on your blood sugar level and cause spikes in the body’s insulin levels. These spikes can cause you to feel hungry when you should not be, they can make you feel fatigued and can have an overall negative effect on mood. In order to consume fruits that will benefit the body and assist in weight loss, it is important to consume mostly low glycemic fruits. Some examples of low glycemic fruits are cherries, berries, grapefruits, plums, apples and pears. In addition to ensuring most of your fruits are low on the glycemic index, it is also important to eat fresh fruit and avoid juices or dried fruits. Juices do not provide all of the nutrients that the skin and meaty portions of the fruit contains. Dried foods typically have plenty of added sugars and some of their nutritional value has been depleted.
Plain, low fat yogurt, such as Greek yogurt, is high in protein and calcium. This combination helps increase metabolism and break down fats during digestion. Research suggests that those that incorporate low fat yogurt to a balanced, low calorie diet plan maintain more lean muscle mass while losing weight.
While there are many foods that assist in weight loss, as previously mentioned, there is no magic pill or food that will shed calories without effort on your part. The keys to effective, permanent weight loss are simple. You will need to eat less calories than what you burn, either through calorie restriction and/or exercise and you will have to incorporate healthy, nutritious foods into each meal and snack you consume. Ideally, you should aim to consume less than 20% of your calories from fat each day. The remainder of your calories can be evenly distributed among proteins, whole grains, fruits and vegetables. The benefits of exercise are abundant. It not only burns calories, but also keeps the body’s metabolism working long after exercise is complete. This helps burn more calories and fat even while you are sitting at work or sleeping.
Deciding to start a family and getting pregnant will be one of the most exciting moments of your life. At the same time, it can also be a bit daunting since the nine months prior to your baby’s birth are so critical to his or her development. Many expectant moms wonder what to eat, what to avoid, how much to eat and how often they should eat. Some think they need to be eating twice as much as they did before getting pregnant, and some have no idea at all how to change their eating habits in order to properly accommodate their growing babies.
The key to a healthy pregnancy diet is plenty of variety, including as many different types of foods as possible. Eating many different types of foods will ensure that your baby is getting all of the vitamins, minerals and nutrients he needs to grow and develop. In the first few months, nausea may be an issue, and may inhibit you from eating certain foods. To prevent nausea, it is best to eat small meals spread out throughout the day, and include foods such as crackers or breads to ease the discomfort. Ginger has also been known to help fight nausea, and it is a healthy food permitted during pregnancy. The nausea usually subsides at the end of the first trimester, and makes it a little easier to add variety to your pregnancy diet. This is the time when you should take advantage of the relief, and incorporate as many healthy foods as possible. Remember, though, that being pregnant does not mean you need to eat twice as much as you ate before. All your baby needs is approximately 300 extra calories per day. This can be just one more meal per day or two extra snacks. Combined with prenatal vitamins and a healthy diet, the extra 300 calories will be more than sufficient to ensure your baby grows and develops into a healthy, happy baby.
For a healthy pregnancy and a healthy baby, an expectant mom’s diet should be balanced, nutritious and include plenty of protein, carbohydrates, healthy fats and fiber. A little sugar is allowed here and there as well but should be kept to a minimum. Below is a detailed list of smart food choices while expecting. Incorporate these tips into each day, and your little bundle of joy should be born as healthy as can be!
Even when not expecting, it is important to drink at least eight to ten glasses of water per day to ensure proper kidney and liver function. Water also helps with digestion. During pregnancy, water not only helps hydrate you and keep the digestive system working at its peak, it can also help alleviate many of the side effects associated with pregnancy. Water can help deliver healthy nutrients to the baby through the blood flow, it can prevent excess fluid retention and it can also prevent urinary tract infections which are common during pregnancy. In addition to the above benefits, water during pregnancy is also critical in order to continuously help replenish the amniotic fluid. Amniotic fluid is replaced several times throughout the day through water that is stored by the body. Ensuring you are drinking plenty of water will help ensure your baby is continuously getting a new, fresh environment in which to thrive.
Foods high in fiber are important during pregnancy because they help alleviate constipation. Constipation is a common side effect of pregnancy, and it can become very bothersome as a pregnancy progresses. Some foods that can help ensure you get your daily dose of fiber include:
Calcium is one of the most important nutrients for a growing baby’s bones. In order to ensure you are getting at least 1,000 milligrams of calcium per day, you should eat three to four servings of low fat dairy products each day. This can include:
Iron is an essential nutrient, especially during pregnancy, because it is critical in hemoglobin production. Hemoglobin is what helps red blood cells carry oxygen through the blood stream. During pregnancy, the blood volume in the body increases by up to 50 percent. This means the body needs extra help moving the oxygen through the blood stream and to the growing baby. Expectant moms should consume about 27 milligrams of iron per day. It is important to consume iron from plant foods, as well as from meats and animal products. Three to four ounces of meats, poultry and fish, or about the size of a deck of playing cards, should be sufficient to provide you with the 27 milligrams iron needed daily. Good sources of iron from both groups include:
Whole grains are high in nutrients such as selenium, magnesium, iron, folic acid, niacin and vitamins B1 and B2. In addition to providing so many essential nutrients, these foods are also an important source of energy for mom and her growing baby. It is important to consume about 28 grams of whole grains per day. Some examples of foods expectant moms can eat to get a proper daily intake of whole grains are:
Fats are essential to every diet, but it is important to eat a variety of healthy fats, especially during pregnancy. Healthy fats improve digestion in the mother, and they have also been linked to a reduced autism risk in babies. Healthy fats should make up about 30% of an expectant mother’s diet and should preferably consist of monounsaturated fats and omega-6 fatty acids. Some healthy fat choices include:
Last but not least on the list is ensuring you take a prenatal vitamin each day during pregnancy. Prenatal vitamins give the body and the growing fetus all of the necessary nutrients that may not be consumed through a healthy diet. If possible, it is recommended that women planning to become pregnant in the next year begin taking prenatal vitamins early. Taking a prenatal vitamin at least one month prior to conception, including one with at least 400 micrograms of folic acid, can help prevent neural tube defects such as spina bifida in the unborn fetus by up to 70%. Since prenatal vitamins can sometimes cause nausea, it is best to take them just before bed with a small snack and plenty of water.
Eating healthy may come easy to some but, for most of us, it is a difficult task to accomplish with all the temptation that surrounds us on a daily basis. There are the notorious office potlucks, the ever easy fast food drive through, a quick microwaveable dinner and the unavoidable holiday parties that we encounter year after year. When you throw in a full time job and kids into the mix, eating healthy and making good choices for meals can seem impossible. Believe it or not, there are ways to eat healthy and make it convenient. The important thing to remember is to incorporate foods you love so you don’t feel deprived and find healthier ways to make them. Below are some examples of foods and meal times when temptation and convenience may get the best of us. Immediately following these examples, you’ll find ways to solve the problem and make better, healthier choices for yourself and your family.
Breakfast is the meal that is skipped by more children and adults across the country than any other meal of the day. The mornings tend to be so busy and rushed that there’s hardly time to grab a cup of coffee. Because of the lack of time, we tend to rely on unhealthy options such as bagels, donuts, toaster pastries and sausage sandwiches. These options are laden with carbohydrates and unhealthy fats. They are also missing the key ingredient to keeping you full until lunch, protein!
How do you eat healthy in the mornings and have time to drop the kids off before work? Start with quick, healthy options such as the ones below:
All of the options above have the perfect balance of carbohydrates, protein and healthy fats to give you the energy to start your day and help keep you full until it’s time for lunch. Most can also be eaten on the go.
Lunch is also a meal that is rushed, either because it is only 30 minutes, you choose to work through it and sneak out of work early or you run errands and opt for a fast food burger in between. Eating a healthy lunch doesn’t mean you have to spend a lot of time in the kitchen the night before preparing it. There are healthy lunch options you can take with you and also some you can pick up at your favorite fast food restaurant. Instead of a greasy double cheeseburger, opt for:
–Believe it or not, a kid’s meal from any of the popular fast food chains. Kid’s meals tend to have smaller portions (mini burgers) and offer healthy options for sides such as sliced apples. If you’re desperate and not in the mood for a salad, this can be an option.
All of the options above are available at just about any fast food restaurant and most cost less than $3.
If you’re the type of person that snacks all day long, carrying a small lunch box with you throughout the day, while at work or running errands, is a great way to avoid temptations. Fill it with plenty of water, nuts, fruit, string cheese, whole wheat crackers and dried fruit. This way you’ll have food on hand when the hunger pangs begin and you won’t be tempted to reach for those tempting mall pretzels or sugar filled cinnamon rolls.
When it comes to dinner, there are endless options for healthy meals that taste as good as options you find in a restaurant. All you need to do is find healthy ingredients to make them with. If you’re craving tacos, make them at home with ground turkey. Less fat, just as much protein and a fun family dinner you can make together. If fried chicken is one of your favorite meal time staples, try baking it instead. Opt for breasts since white meat has less than half the fat of dark meat and use whole wheat or panko bread crumbs for a healthier alternative.
Dessert after dinner is almost always a must and one of our biggest diet pitfalls. Luckily today there are many varieties of desserts that offer low fat, low sugar options. Many of our favorite ice cream flavors are available with half the fat. If you want milk and cookies or a slice of cake, make them at home and use applesauce instead of oil and eggs to lower the fat content.
No matter what you’re craving, if it’s unhealthy, there’s most likely a healthier option out there waiting for you to find it. All you need to do is make the choice to live a healthier, happier life by choosing to eat the right foods.
"We have passed our point of vulnerability," Ahmadinejad told state television during a visit to an Iranian defensive equipment exhibition. "This means nobody would dare stage a military assault against our nation."
Ahmadinejad said possible adversaries were aware of Tehran's defense capabilities and said that Iranian national unity was also a key factor as to why no other country would attack Iran.
The hardline president's remarks came as the U.N. Security Council was preparing to debate a third round of punitive measures against Tehran.
The Security Council has demanded Iran suspend uranium enrichment, which can produce both reactor fuel and - at higher levels - weapons-grade material. The council first imposed sanctions on Iran on Dec. 23 for rejecting its demands, then modestly increased them in March after Tehran refused to suspend the controversial enrichment.
After decades of relying on foreign weapons purchases, Iran now claims it is increasingly self-sufficient, with annual exports of over US$100 million (euro74 million) worth of military equipment to more than 50 countries.
Since 1992, Iran has produced its own tanks, armored personnel carriers and missiles, the government has said. In early 2005 it announced it had also begun producing torpedoes.
Ahmadinejad sees the U.S. military presence in Iraq as a serious threat to Iran's security. He urged the United States earlier in May to withdraw troops from the region, after U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney warned Iran sharply - from the hangar of an aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf - that the U.S. will not allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons or dominate the Mideast.
Ahmadinejad's remarks followed Monday's landmark talks between Iran and the U.S. in Baghdad - a meeting that broke a 27-year diplomatic freeze between the two.
The talks in the offices of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki were the first formal and scheduled meeting between Iranian and American officials since U.S. broke diplomatic relations with Tehran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution and the seizure of the U.S. Embassy.
The state IRNA news agency reported Wednesday that Iran's chief nuclear negotiator, Ali Larijani, said the direct U.S.-Iran talks could continue.
"If Americans have new solutions for security problems, the path (for talks) is open," Larijani, who is also on Iran's Supreme National Security Council, was quoted as saying.
Larijani spoke before leaving Wednesday for Madrid, where he is to hold talks with EU's Javier Solana on possibilities for resuming negotiations over Iran's disputed nuclear program which the United States and the EU fear is being used to make weapons. Iran rejects Western claims, saying its program is for generating electricity only.
Larijani said the U.S.-Iran talks were a significant event, both in the region and internationally. In the Iraqi capital on Monday, Iranian Ambassador Hassan Kazemi Qomi said the two sides would meet again in less than a month.
Iran's Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said Tehran officials were now reviewing the Baghdad talks.
"If we conclude that there is a will from ... (the U.S.) to solve problems and correct past wrongdoing, the negotiations will continue," IRNA quoted Mottaki as saying.
The talks had focused on Iraq and did not veer into other difficult issues burdening U.S.-Iranian relations.
Al-Maliki told both sides that Iraqis wanted a stable country, free of foreign forces and regional interference - a country that is not a base for terrorist groups. Al-Maliki also said the United States had no plans to launch a strike against Iran from Iraq.
Humankind goes around in circles, what goes around, comes around. After three hundred thousand years of existence, should we not be doing better?
Russia negotiates with terrorists in Moscow Dmitry Sudakov On the report of Human Rights Watch against the DPRK Contributor submission World War I: Remembering the fallen, and the war criminals Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey
When reproducing our materials in whole or in part, hyperlink to PRAVDA.Ru should be made. The opinions and views of the authors do not always coincide with the point of view of PRAVDA.Ru's editors.
Questo sito ha lo scopo di rendere accessibile a chiunque la documentazione completa del Piano Regolatore Comunale e del Regolamento edilizio, comprensiva di tutti i documenti amministrativi, dei documenti di analisi e di progetto, dei documenti di valutazione e dei pareri espressi dai vari enti preposti.
Austin writes a song called "Steal Your Heart" and it becomes a big hit. The concert goes well until Jackson has a meltdown. Although Trish really booked him at Tim's Square Pizza, so she now has to fix the whole situation. The Trez color is maroon, a combination of Dez's red hair and Trish's black hair.
However, Austin isn't affected by what Kenneth says because he has regained his confidence thanks to the support of his friends. He tells Ally he can write his own song, but after trying to find inspiration from the Pioneer Rangers handbook, he finds that the song he and Dez wrote is actually horrible. In the end, Austin sings a song to Kenneth, a song dedicated to Ally, but Kenneth still gives him a negative review.
Hang on let me text her. It turns out, however, that Lily's father left in the morning to go on an important mission. As Ally and Trish travel to the class, the cake falls apart.
Oh its just you. Please don't tell her i told you! In the end, the group is salsa dancing, Austin with Ally and Trish with Dez. Meanwhile, Austin and Dez try to relax at a fake beach. Dez does not want to work with Carrie because he is not over her dumping him. When Ally is walking down the runway, the bucket of paint almost spills on her, but Austin saves her. Fine as long as you stop giving me that face!
At the beginning of the series they were "frenemies", but throughout the series they develop a close friendship, through they still bicker some times. Austin, Dez, and Carrie follow, hugging her for comfort trisj she cries.
Trish invites Dallas to her party so that Ally can dance with him. Before the austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1, Jackson refuses to perform, but changes his mind austi advice from Austin. However, when Austin gets grounded due to his bad grades, the group is left needing a backup plan.
After that, Austin and Ally confess their feelings. Meanwhile, Dez gets advice from Austin about a girl he likes. After Ally refuses to help him, Trent steals her newest song that she worked on ally Austin. Although on their "second date" Ally shows up trying to tell Austin that she is jealous, but it turns out that it was Chelsea's little dezz birthday party and then instead of Ally saying what she feels Brooke intervenes and ruins the party.
Meanwhile, Trish fakes some memorable moments in an attempt to get more photos in the yearbook. Now they have to do everything they can to get it back. Lisa Arch as Demonica Dixon. Hey Trish, what's up? She accepts, but changes her mind when she believes Austin has a crush on Ally. Ally is performing at the Miami Video Music Awards, but the producers are worried about her dancing abilities.
The second season sees both Austin and Ally taking bigger steps. Ally, this is all my fault. Hugs him but feels embarrased and runs away Austin: Dez releases Groovy the Goat and he jumps on top of her.
At Austin's Seattle concert, Austin finally arrives to see Ally and hugs her. Suzy's Ddz, a restaurant owned by her former grade school teacher.
Later, Austin reveals to Dez that he also has feelings trush Ally, making him confused about whom he really loves. Retrieved April 25, At the end of the first season, Austin gets signed to Jimmy Starr's record label.
Retrieved June 4, December wnd Formats: Did you just compliment Dez? It works, but Jimmy has Ahd rehired ajd the best dating apps for gay and has Austin speak to the Miami children's club.
The group quickly comes up with a solution and decides to take a cab to New York, but they're kicked off when they can't afford the fare for going a far distance. I lost everything, Dez. Dating someone in the military can have a turtle and a austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1. Austin was supposed to give it to Kira, but instead took Ally's identical necklace that said "Ally".
However, Trish still refuses to go to school. The group and Dez's family decide to end Dez and Chuck's feud by putting them in a situation, where they must work together.
Ally decides to come to prom alone to have fun with her friends. Later, the group discovers that Trent became an overnight sensation by copying Austin's "Double Take" music video and going by the stage name T-Fame. Since Ally is wearing the exact same costume as Taylor Swift, she steps in and acts as Taylor Austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 to not leave Austin hanging.
Four years after the group has separated, Austin and Ally's relationship has ended as a result of their busy schedules. Matt Cook as Al the Magnificent. Disney Channel Play It Loud. He must then make the decision on whether to get a procedure that will allow him to sing, but may permanently alter his voice, or avoid the procedure at the risk of never being able to sing again and taking over the family mattress business.
Dez makes Trish realize that Rupert is causing all the problems. It has been one month since Austin's latest song was released; he becomes worried that his career will end and people will forget who he is. Austin fears that if he backs down, Megan will expose him as a total liar. In the end, Austin delivers an unforgettable performance at the Swamp Blast. Trish decided to keep their relationship a secret to not influence Austin's decision when Trent auditioned for a role as Austin's backup dancer.
Jackson, Bryant Tardy as Gabe. You know, I do love you! Meanwhile, Trish keeps annoying Dez because she wants a better role in the film. Trish is the type of person who loves having a loud outfit. Dating for gifte og samboende and Dez find Ally trapped in the photo booth. Meanwhile, aand delivery worker delivers items to all stores including Sonic Boom, but his request for a tip goes unnoticed.
The austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 turns out to be the delivery man after Austin hides in the piano that the burglar takes. Carrie tells Trish that Dez dumped her at a restaurant they ate at several months ago. Trish confronts Trent and they break up and Austin fires him from the group, but Trent thinks that the reason he was fired is because Austin is jealous that he is the "better" dancer.
Austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 Officer Dunphy is filling out police reports, he shows that he is an amazing drummer. I saw you kissing Austin the other day! Disney Channel Holiday Playlist. Later, Ally gets austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 chance austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 perform a song in a movie, but Austin and Ally can't agree on how to genre the song.
Trish is portrayed by Raini Rodriguez. They also both admitted kissing each other wouldn't be the austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 thing in the world. After Austin and Trish go to a meeting, they announce that Spike Stevens wants Austin to be in his movie tirsh for Ally to write the movie's song.
In the end, Billie and Bobbie apologize for their actions. During the middle of the party, Dez thinks Austin can swing in on a rope for his grand entrance for his performance.
Free dating in bangalore city is portrayed as loud, lazy, obnoxious, fiery, and usually selfish when it comes why dont we dating website money.
At the very end of the party, Ally and Dallas find out they have much in ajstin and connect with each other by dancing. Take It from the Top. Kiersey Clemons as Kira Starr. In Season 1they used to fight a lot and make fun of each other and also tried to annoy each other online dating site for teenagers often. Okay, so, when I first kissed you, it was because not only because I like you, I love you.
Ally and Trish tell Bobbie that Billie said he is the star datung the show. Retrieved from " http: Austin's fortune comes true because he forgot to do his book report on Great Expectations by Charles Anc.
Sadie becomes arrogant and sabotages the music factory's upcoming showcase by cancelling it. Ally accidentally hires her crush, Dallas, to work at Sonic Boom. When they look at her they realize it's a mask.
Luke, Ravi, Zuri, and Bertram. They forget about the book and have to try and break into the shop to get it back. She can be a bit bossy and lazy, but always means well and looks out for those close to her. Views Read Edit View history. At the party Ally's songbook is stolen and a note is left saying that Ally has something that this person wants and that the songbook will have one page ripped out each day until there is nothing left. At the beginning of the series, Trish is introduced as a lazy, fun, talkative and outgoing person, who is also Ally 's best friend and later becomes Austin 's manager.
Trish walked in three minutes ago and was xez you how she got a new job and stuff like that. Trish tells Dez and Carrie they never broke up.
Trish convinces the producers to give her a chance to prove herself, and has until Friday to prove that she can dance well. Austin comes clean and tells the president the truth, who is moved by his honesty and pardons him. Meanwhile, Ally reveals that she'd rather stay in Miami with her friends during their senior year of high school, Trish reveals that she hates her managing job with the British boys and wants to stay in Miami, match making kundli free in marathi Dez reveals that he and Carrie broke up and that he doesn't want to return to L.
Austin joins Ally in her glee club. They pass the time by holding a contest to see who can tell the scariest ghost story. Jill Benjamin as Mimi Moon. They initially ordered 13 episodes, though that number was later increased to 21; however, only 19 aired. Austin and Ally are given an assignment in life skills class. In the episode, Trish and Dez find out how similar they are austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 each other.
However, he only becomes more scared after and later receives two more negative reviews after his concerts. Austin, is this true? Retrieved December 4, Archived from the tish on April 22, Rico Rodriguez as Benny Guest stars: She usually wears flowy tops with animal prints and her hair let down with a hair band or a simple pony tail.
Trish by everyone Austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 by Ms. Luckily, Jessie comes up with an effective plan to get Austin to perform on time. The group goes to a s party dressed as characters from a cartoon.
Later, Ally finds out that Austin and ally trish and dez dating part 1 is cheating on Trish and only dated her to be a backup dancer in Austin's group, she decides whether to tell her or not. Trish hires Benny to replace Rupert in the band. Ally then decides to stay with Austin on tour because he is her paft and she writes better songs with him. In this imagination, Ally ane Trish's songwriter instead of Austin's.
Вопрос 1/3 Austin's story is about a swamp monster in Miami, Ally's story is about her pulling a scary prank on Austin, Trish, and Dez, Trish's story is about a possessed teddy bear, and Dez's story is about a ghostly couple. Ally's best friend, Trish, pitches in as Austin's manager and Dez continues to direct Austin's music videos. At the end of the first season, Austin gets signed to Jimmy Starr's record label. The second season sees both Austin and Ally taking bigger steps. Austin and ally start dating and trish and dez think that Austin and ally should break up because they are mushy together.1 week earlier trish gets a job at the Chocolate castle and ally tell's trish she may be falling for austin. trish is shocked but is supportive 3 hours later Austin confesses his feelings for ally to dez.
Acknowledgements The Creating a Center for Architectural Archives in Egypt: Preservation and Access for the Papers of Hassan Fathy and Ramses Wissa Wassef project was made possible with funding from Grants to Preserve and Create Access to Humanities Collections of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Description This picture, taken in circa 1920, shows the Southern Pacific S-8 switcher number 1170 pushing a passenger car. Before the train are several individuals in pose. The 1170 was built in 1907 at the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After decades of service to Southern Pacific, the 1170 was leased in 1947 to a subsidiary called Southern Pacific de Mexico. Its Mexican tenure was a short one as, in that same year, the 33 foot-long, 140,000 pound engine was scrapped in Los Angeles. In the background is the Pacific Gas and Electric Steam Power Station, built in 1912. It operated with three 12,000 barrel oil storage tanks and two 200 barrel underground storage tanks until its decommission in 1957.
This is where home automation is available in: If your carbon monoxide and smoke detectors are synced with a
Sadly, these systems do not execute in addition to the kept an eye on systems with monthly fees, yet they are still much better than no protection system.
Generally, the majority of the light buttons were automated already, so all I needed was a method of informing the light button when the door was opened up
This domain belongs to the Global Ventures network. We have interesting opportunities for work, sponsors and partnerships. Inquire now.
We are building liverep.com this year and we would like to get Contrib\'ers for this project. Join our Contrib community today
The #1 Application Brand Matching Marketplace. List your applications from different marketplaces and get revenue for every install.
TravelChain is a leading network and service platform focused on blockchain and distributed ledger technology for the travel industry.
Have a funny or unique Photo taken from your SmartPhone? Register Now for free to Win amazing Prizes in our 2013 PhotoChallenge, Sponsored by PhotoStream. Submit photos to win challenges today!
Democratic Presidential Strategy Survey As a leading Democrat in your community, your opinions are vitally important.
CodeChallenge allows coders sets of challenges that they could use to get equity options to any our premium assets.
ifund is a funding system for applications and people to explore there passions around the Contrib.com model and our partner premium assets.
Global Ventures, LLC, established in 1996, is a Real Estate and Technology company focused on building and leveraging electronic corporations (eCorp) within the Domain Name System. Premium domains and companies such as Referrals.com,Staffing.com, Mergers.com, Domain Holdings, VentureCamp, Handyman.com, DSL.com and over 20,000 others are the core digital asset and building blocks of Global Ventures.
EthChallenge is a leading solution platform for problems needing blockchain based solutions. Join our exclusive community of like minded people on ethchallenge.com
Kessler Mansion is a former HGTV extreme home and been under renovation for the past 6 years. With updated amenities and unique features that include quartz walls, various size windows, floating staircases and creative ceiling textures, the estate caters to various groups. Centrally located and within 15 minutes downtown, 10 minutes to fairgrounds and 5 minutes to Broadripple, Kessler Mansion can cater from 2 to 2000 people. Visiting accommodations , hosting an event or wedding or looking for longer term for you and your family, we have the facility. The estate consists of 26,000 total sq. ft with 3 large buildings, pool house and a cozy and classy apartment. Truly one of the Midwest most unique homes, we are for the first time opening up the estate for leasing. The facility is monitored by state of the art wireless security systems along with remote video surveillance for your protection. Strict guidelines and rules apply.
Linking people, skills and opportunities to create an awesome crypto commerce network. Join us today!
eCorp is a network of smart entities with self-organizing teams that run at the edges within premium URL’s. We encode decision-making, compensation, ownership and guidelines into smart contracts currently deployed on the Ethereum Blockchain. Our business model is Open, Circular, Linked and Aligned. Contribute today and join a fast growing, scalable, interoperable, venture blockchain network.
PoliticalCorp - Help us shape the political landscape by contributing your skills and talent, part-time, with PoliticalCorp amazing portfolio of digital asset opportunities. Join us and help build politicalcorp.com for the challenge, equity and some cash!
Come Learn and Earn with other great professionals on leading Internet Ventures. Capture the Value you create in 1 hr, 1 day, 1 week and earn amazing ownership.
The most efficient way to publish to multiple social media accounts. Schedule, add rss feed, publish all your social posts in one place.
We are launching CookBoard.com Your #1 Local Food Marketplace community! Join us as we launch it Dec 2014!
Join our exclusive community of like minded people on staffing.com. Get in on our Token Sale on August 30!
is a proud venture of Global Ventures, LLC. Join our network of performance based companies using campuscalling.com.
Amazing Opportunities with world leading digital assets like Streaming.com, Applications.com and others. Learn more and get updates.
Weather Terms: Tornado - A violently rotating column of air, from a thunderstorm, in contact with the ground.
This list is generated using a program (a Digital Freebie Search Engine). All links take you to the designer's blog/site, even if they are encoded.Do you want to be included in this blog? Please look at the About This Blog. The categories are displayed in random order. Thanks for looking. Copyright 2008-2016 - craft.creativebusybee.com
These .4 mm pens feature water-based ink in vibrant colors, formulated to sustain a long cap-off time. The long-wearing tip is encased in metal to extend the pen’s life and make it suitable for use with rulers and stencils. It features a unique hexagonal shape and ventilated cap. Available in […]
MEGA SHARK VS GIANT OCTOPUS became The Asylum’s best-known, if not exactly best, film to date, after its trailer made the Internet rounds as a viral video for all to mock.
Former teen pop star and Playboy model Debbie Gibson ("Lost in Your Eyes") gets top billing as a lisping marine biologist, the maverick kind who hijacks a mini-sub, so she can check out some whales. A giant octopus attacks a Japanese oil rig. A mega shark leaps a few miles into the sky to chomp a 747. Holy crap.
The odious Lorenzo Lamas (TV's RENEGADE) appears as a scowling military man with a ponytail who thinks the idea of a giant octopus is as ridiculous as we do. Perhaps the only aspect of the film sillier is an out-of-left-field broom-closet tryst between Debbie and Japanese scientist Vic Chao that gives them the big clue to defeat the monsters. Which they don’t really do, because The Asylum has to keep the ending open for a sequel. Maybe MEGA SHARK VS GIANT OCTOPUS VS BIG ASS FROG, I don’t know.
Stock footage swiped from The Asylum’s 30,000 LEAGUES UNDER THE SEA results in cramped sets and continuity errors. All three submarines use the same set, and the quickie CGI effects are the pits. All actors are bad, but the inexperienced Gibson, surprisingly (and bully for her for not getting a nose job), comes off looking best. Producer David Michael Latt owns The Asylum and has also directed some of its pictures.c
Our hero is deep in his meditative state, trying to fill himself with magical power once more and it is surprising just how much of it he can store. Still, the time has come to make good on the deal he made and try and cure his new friend. Thankfully, his teacher did share some words of wisdom with her that may help. Unfortunately, it requires lots and lost of deviant behavior. Poor hero. Meanwhile, the Hound pays a visit to the famed Queen in hopes of discerning his trails but finds her to be a tough nut to crack... or BUST. Geddit? Bust? Story & Art by AUDITOR OF REALITY.
Complete TV Series Underbelly by Nine Network. Seasons included: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 in high quality and low size. Click Scroll to download to select the season.
The end of the last century for Australia is not characterized by the best of times. After all, it was during this period that crime developed. And few people wanted to deal with these people. However criminal groups so dispersed that absolutely ceased to control the actions they needed to seize only the power and it is desirable not only in the city, but also in the country and the more they sought to receive desirable that, more simple people got under blow. No one could say exactly how such a confrontation would end, although everyone understood perfectly well that the longer it would last, the more victims there would be. the Only thing that everyone wanted at that time, to quickly ended the bloody war between the criminals and they settled down. But as you know, such people will not achieve their goal yet, they will not think about anything and will only create more lawlessness, embodying one after another a cunning plan that will bring them closer to their cherished goal. However, there are still those who are ready to openly confront the mafia and make an attempt to force them to settle down and stop the confrontation. Only now will the criminals be ready to stop their war or will they soon only aggravate the situation in the country?
Pharma Logistics is focused on business to business trade of pharmaceuticals and medical products. We are committed to achieve long term business relationships based on high level of service and competitive terms.
Pharma Logistics is able to ensure sustainable supply capacity of products. We strive to fulfill the expectations of our clients with regard to the quality and safety of the products we supply.
Pharma Logistics is a pharmaceutical wholesale company situated in Estonia and holds a wholesalers dealers license (Authorisation No. 674) granted by the Estonian State Agency of Medicines for medical products within the EC/EEA
Following observing Max with Lucas still, Billy grabs Lucas, but Steve assaults Billy and they may have a fist combat. Billy knocks Steve unconscious, but continues to punch him. Max grabs the syringe Mike brought in the medical center, and injects Billy with it, and threatens him into obedience Together with the nail bat. Max steals Billy's keys. Steve awakens in Billy's auto, wherever Max drives the group towards the tunnels. Steve and the children enter, where by they address the heart in the tunnels in gas and ignite it. For the reason that tunnel is ignited, the Demodogs grow to be distracted and return into the tunnel, leaving the lab unguarded and so, Hopper and Eleven enters the gate without the need of going through any of these. Meanwhile, the kids go to go away, but encounters Dart. On the other hand Dustin has the capacity to tranquil him down and the team escapes. When Eleven attempts to shut the Gate, the Mind Flayer senses her strength and sends the Demodogs to attack her. As Hopper defends Eleven within the swarming Demodogs, Eleven is ready to channel her anger, and closes the Gate, killing the remaining monsters in the method.
(That it can look a bit foolish is unavoidably constructed into the fabric.) "Drunk Record" instructed Parsons' story quite correctly in seven minutes. But “Strange Angel” is enjoying a lengthy, multi-season match, and thus far only a few of the initial season's ten episodes are already presented for assessment.
, a handsomely made period of time drama that, by means of 3 of the very first season's ten episodes, is a lot more tantalizing than satisfying — although It is amply and very watchably tantalizing.
1movies - Watch free on the web films, in this article you may watch get more info movies on the internet in superior quality, 1080p at no cost get more info without having bothersome promotion and obtain movie, just arrive and revel in your movies.
CBS All Entry' new drama delves into the strange click here life of Jack Parsons, rocket science pioneer and occult devotee. Should you stroll the earth extensive ample and Apparently adequate, the biopic based on your life may well straddle several cinematic genres.
I'm able to mention that, on nothing at all much more than an unfulfilled guarantee and a few well-performed weirdos, I am offered plenty of to maintain watching this style-shifting historical fiction -- however I am not devout adequate to spill blood however.
After viewing solution depth pages, glance listed here to locate an easy approach to navigate again to web pages you have an interest in.
The staff finalizes their prototype but, in a task reversal, Richard has self esteem in the look even though Jack doubts it is going to do the job.
Electronic mail Addresses and Passwords are one particular-way encrypted/hashed and will only be employed for login verification. They are really unreadable to us or any individual else.
A youthful Healer armed using an unpredictable magic guides a runaway Elf in her perilous quest to save the peoples with the 4 Lands from an age-previous Demon scourge.
Jack Parsons is a superb and impressive blue-collar employee of 1930s Los Angeles who commenced as being a janitor in a chemical factory but experienced fantastical goals that led him to start the unidentified self-discipline of yank rocketry.
Richard flies solo to Washington D.C. to current the workforce's proposal in the Division of War. But with no Jack there to accomplish the talking, Richard have to flip to his partnership with Marisol to find the...
In 1930s Los Angeles, Jack is really click here a chemical manufacturing facility janitor but has aspirations of one day constructing rockets that could transport folks into the moon. During the day, he devotes himself to nascent rocket science. Meanwhile, in the evening, he is drawn to Aleister Crowley’s faith and sexual intercourse magick rituals
Dixon and Stein released new models of composition for Season two and designed new factors which were "important to help the Tale." Still, they said they "want to stay true on the audio of Season one" and revisited outdated themes "when suitable."[29]
Experience the strain to thrive and provide Susan Together with the life he promised, Jack urges the rocketry workforce to have a chance and start testing their experiments at total volume. Sensing the Parsons' mounting frustrations, Ernest invitations them to one of his group's key gatherings, promising a way to make all their dreams occur legitimate.
Every time a younger boy vanishes, a small town uncovers a mystery involving solution experiments, terrifying supernatural forces, and a person strange little girl. In a small town where by everybody knows everyone,…
Come across showtimes, watch trailers, search images, monitor your Watchlist and fee your preferred videos and television shows on the phone or tablet!
Sydney Bristow, an agent who has actually been tricked to believe she's working with the U.S. federal government, is really Doing the job for just a criminal organization named the Alliance of Twelve. Upon…
This intermediate webpage assists us to ascertain that you're human and never Yet another bot/procedure hammering our web-site.
Nancy and Jonathan swap conspiracy theories by using a new ally as Eleven searches for somebody from her previous. "Bob the Brain" tackles a difficult problem.
The season was announced within a trailer printed throughout social networking on August 31, 2016, listing the titles on the episodes. get more info Netflix was to begin with planning to utilize a trailer with content material from the main season and had The thought to announce the season using the title sequence, but The thought to incorporate the click here chapter titles came from your Duffer Brothers.
Eleven can make strategies to finish what she started while the survivors transform up the warmth within the monstrous pressure which is Keeping Will hostage.
E-mail Addresses and Passwords are a person-way encrypted/hashed and might only be utilized for login verification. They are unreadable to us more info or everyone else.
In the meantime, Eleven goes to Chicago seeking the Lady in Terry's Recollections, who's discovered to get the psychic Woman with the occasions in Pittsburgh, a woman named Kali. The two link, where by Kali shows Eleven her powers. She points out to Eleven that her gang is attempting to destroy the lab scientists who labored less than Brenner for what they did to her, and introduces Eleven for the group.
Disclaimer: This great site would not retail store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated 3rd events.
A drama with regards to the regional area Workplace that investigates felony situations impacting military personnel in The Big Uncomplicated, a city recognized for its audio, amusement and decadence.
Right after uncovering the reality about Virgil for the duration of her purge periods, Susan is forced to cope with the chilling revelation back again in the actual earth. Richard and Jack lastly find frequent ground, rallying the Suicide Club for your harmful last demonstration on the army. To the demo, Jack has all he desires aside from a more info single essential element: Ernest.
Launch Day: 2018 Style: Drama Description: Jack Parsons is an excellent and impressive blue-collar worker of 1930s Los Angeles who started as being a janitor at a chemical manufacturing facility but experienced fantastical desires that led him to beginning the not known discipline of American rocketry.... Much more info about this show, information, evaluations, Solid & crew
His spouse Susan (Bella Heathcote) thinks in him, but is restless for his long-promised ideas to return to fruition. Meanwhile, their unsettling new neighbor Ernest (a leering Rupert Buddy) retains dropping hints that he could know of a way they're able to transcend their frustrations to get a little bit freer, if only they’d go away guiding their perceptions of the things they
Nevertheless, they amazed the Duffer brothers with a myriad of staggering results and seamless cinematography, most notably the CG pictures to the season finale.[30] Promoting
Will's link to a shadowy evil grows more powerful, but not one person's pretty sure how to prevent it. Somewhere else, Dustin and Steve forge an unlikely bond.
Set in Hawkins in the fall of 1984, the story continues as supernatural forces Yet again start to affect the town.[three] Although the season expert services the 1st season's core cast and people At first,[four] numerous new characters are released: tomboy Max and her more mature phase-brother Billy, a woman named Kali connected to Hawkins Lab, RadioShack manager Bob Newby, Section of Energy agent Dr.
The upside of this kind of leisurely arc is usually more info that it permits conversations into which exposition is fewer definitely inserted, and scenes have enough time to wander before attending Strange Angel Season 2 to some extent. The website draw back is always that, unfold throughout so many hours, the motion has a tendency to operate in circles in excess of precisely the same ground.
And although this is helpful substantially — decisive motion in fiction necessitating additional discernible enthusiasm in comparison to the tumbling about that describes genuine daily life — it implies that several of the figures could become a little bit sporting. I'm undecided Jack is meant to be pretty as obnoxious as he commences to seem.
The horror and crime thriller genres collide On this new original series from Robert Rodriguez, based on his cult grindhouse typical about financial institution-robbing brothers within the run, a lawman bent…
Premise: A Los Angeles male prospects a double existence as a rocket engineer by day and a performer of sex magic rituals by night During this drama series established while in the 1940s. (far more)
Meanwhile, Eleven goes to Chicago searching for the Woman in Terry's Recollections, who is uncovered for being the psychic Female through the activities in Pittsburgh, a girl named Kali. The 2 link, where by Kali shows Eleven her powers. She points out to Eleven that her gang is attempting to destroy the lab experts who labored under Brenner for the things they did to her, and introduces Eleven to the group.
Rebecca Bunch is a successful, pushed, And perhaps insane youthful lady who impulsively gives up every thing – her partnership at check here a prestigious regulation organization and her upscale apartment in Manhattan…
A drama with regard to the nearby subject Workplace that investigates criminal instances impacting armed forces personnel in The large Effortless, a metropolis recognized for its audio, enjoyment and decadence.
The Hubbard chapter of Parson's existence is reportedly reserved for any later season, and it'll be attention-grabbing to check out if the founder of Scientology is determined outright or becomes R.
A cranium hits the windshield of a moving automobile. Bones finds out that the sufferer was devoured by cannibals. As Booth finds a feasible lead, ...
TV Variation of your 1988 black comedy, ‘Heathers’, in which an outcast university student plots to kill the awesome Children.
All Major television series can be found on our Web-site, you are able to duplicate them soon after thes are finished. In order to continue to be updated with the Strange Angel new episodes, be sure to, sign up for TopTvShows updates under.
Tv set’s most-watched historical past series, brings to lifetime the compelling stories from our earlier that tell our comprehension of the planet nowadays.
And apart from a few glimpses at the alluring occult underbelly We all know Jack will eventually succumb to and weird sidebars to an Orientalist comic he likes, the main handful of episodes of “Strange Angel” make the questionable selection of specializing in Jack’s regular frustration of remaining a cash g Genius who will’t get what he wants. Reynor feels like he’s executing his greatest Leonardo DiCaprio Gatsby as Jack tries to sell his smarts By means of attraction, but equally are ultimately unconvincing.
Set in Hawkins in the autumn of 1984, the story carries on as supernatural forces Once more begin to affect the city.[three] Even though the season solutions the first season's Main cast and characters Firstly,[4] quite a few new figures are introduced: tomboy Max and her older step-brother Billy, a woman named Kali linked to Hawkins Lab, RadioShack supervisor Bob Newby, Section of Energy agent Dr.
When five youthful outsiders on Local community Provider get caught inside a strange storm, they find out that they have got made superpowers.
The protagonist from the series "Strange Angel" season one Jack Parsons, who has generally sought to be An impressive scientist. To realize his goal, he not simply analyzed science, was engaged in experiments and enhanced competencies, but will click here also created each exertion to acquire for the coveted posture. He commenced his vocation as the leading character While using the placement of cleaner at on the list of chemical vegetation in Los Angeles. Less than a calendar year, to be a proficient Parsons ed To place a hand from the research of your chemical Houses of certain substances.
Scott McCall was check here just A further child in high school. Till, a single night his ally Stiles brings him into the woods, to search for a ...
In truth, even though Parsons is definitely the series' avowed matter, "Strange Angel" appears to be most properly the Season 2 Strange Angel Tale of his wife, Susan. Jack, who had when promised to fill her daily life with music and artwork also to get her from under her father’s financial thumb, is never about and often in need of dollars.
Disclaimer: This website would not retail outlet any information on its server. All contents are supplied by non-affiliated third functions.
And when Heathcote — tasked Using the show’s only female position of Notice — does her finest to offer Susan’s restless spirit, “Strange Angel” just isn’t that keen on what she has to mention Unless of course it needs to do with Jack. (In among the show’s most self-aware times, even her confessional priest needs to nudge her to take a look at just about anything
You will notice it within your watch list and likewise get an e-mail notification when this Motion picture has become processed.
Reynor’s lead general performance is captivatingly cocky and sincere, Close friend is often a wacko hoot, and Lowery’s dealing with of these interval-piece proceedings is so more info entrancing--brimming with ominous transitional fades and gorgeously illuminated nighttime landscapes and inside tableaus--that it’s very easy to forgive the show its maiden, and slight, remarkable missteps.
Susan's considerations about Jack increase just after she researches Aleister Crowley and confronts Maggie with the mysterious truths guiding this cult faith. Susan's issues leave Maggie in a breaking place, forcing Ernest to confront his internal demons.
Sorry, we just should you should definitely're not a robot. For most effective effects, make sure you make certain your browser is accepting cookies.
I was intrigued to study your publish about Chiapas. I used to be wanting to know, generally do charges enhance the larger up the mountain you go? My best local weather is mild to chilly. I dislike the warmth, so any time you described the cool winters in San Cristobal you caught my notice.
Have you ever at any time lived someplace all over the world on under $a thousand monthly? Or perhaps you’ve often believed that this sort of cheap Worldwide dwelling was unattainable?
As a highly skilled nomad myself, I am able to confirm that even right now, in 2014, you can Stay quite effectively in Argentina (Buenos Aires) for around $a thousand a month. A two-Bed room apartment with a balcony and all bills is usually experienced for less than $five hundred. I’d also include to the checklist some destinations in Europe where by I’ve traveled and lived, like Bulgaria (Sofia or elsewhere) and Portugal.
Sef, the boss from the infamous slave ring, eventually captures her and tends to make her fight in death matches during the Gladiatorial ring... In the meantime, a group of human freedom fighters type a resistance for the occupying Visray and look for to try to safeguard their family members within the oppressive and cruel rule with the Visray Portion Commander Sorrentine. The destiny from the people on Draiga will become entwined with that Azura, the final Sarnian.
Dear Client, We apologize for just about any inconvenience and empathize together with your annoyance. There might be various elements regarding why your pool liner began to leak h2o.
In the final season, Samantha is diagnosed with breast cancer and is issue to chemo. She loses her hair and Smith shaves his head to guidance her. They remain together and in the primary movie, it's revealed that Samantha has moved to Los Angeles with Smith to even further his vocation and turn out to be his manager/agent, having said that breaks up with him ultimately for the reason that she will't adapt for the Californian Life-style and misses being her previous self and New York. Miranda Hobbes[edit]
The season as well as collection concludes Along with the four girlfriends reunited in New York City, and with Carrie getting a cell phone call from Massive (which ultimately reveals his very first identify, John), telling her that his Napa residence is up for sale and He's headed back again to New York.
Alternately, it’s achievable there was a typo in the e-mail once you designed your account. If that is so, report a problem beneath and supply the name and last four digits on the cardboard you made use of once you signed up. We’ll use this info to track down your account.
Claire catches lice from Lily right after Mitch and Cam fail to warn her to be able to get Lily picked up from school as being a favour. Haley and Alex struggle having a possum. Manny is ashamed of Gloria's existence in a museum class excursion.
A 2018 short article during the Guardian entitled "'That exhibit was as white as it gets!': Intercourse and town's problematic legacy", pointed to The shortage of any non-white sequence regulars and "racial insensitivities" during the clearly show like Carrie's "ghetto gold" reference or Samantha's carrying an afro wig to cover her baldness from chemotherapy.[21] Furthermore, it referenced the #wokecharlotte memes which received popularity on social media marketing in 2017, during which Charlotte chastises Carrie for opinions that retrospectively look insensitive and ignorant (i.e. Carrie's contacting bisexuality a "layover on the way in which to Gay City", or Samantha making use of transphobic language to consult with the intercourse staff outside the house her condominium).
I've had 1 of those pools on my back again Wooden deck for your earlier four decades. It is cheap and perfect for Older Mozart in the Jungle Seasons 1-5 dvd collection people much too as I'm able to float on a air mattress in it. I've two solutions to help keep this pool heading all summer season: initial, purchase the pool Chlorine tablets that you would set in an everyday in-ground pool. This will preserve the water free of algae and slime. Subsequent, get a cheap plastic tarp to cover the pool when It's not in use. I just use both bean baggage or rocks or whichever as weights to hold the corners of your tarp down. This keeps bugs, dust, and so forth. out in the pool in addition to can help keep the water crystal very clear. I picked up a small goldfish high-quality screen scoop which I use to have any bugs while in the h2o whilst I'm in it.
Thanks On your Company (R) Thank You to your Assistance follows a gaggle of U.S. troopers getting back from Iraq who wrestle to combine again into family and civilian lifetime, when dwelling With all the memory of the war that threatens to ruin them extended once they've left the battlefield.
If you're a member of My Word Research and are still being questioned for payment, then you may have inadvertently created a second account.
school. You wouldn't want anything within your bag poking you in the back, why would you think your dog would. If you have very large lenses, they probably won't fit, but for a couple of extra lenses, you can design the interior to hold
Tired of looking for XrayUnwrap 2 cracked plugin? We have XrayUnwrap 2 full cracked plugin for you! No need to search. XrayUnwrap 2 cracked is ready to download + crack. Give XrayUnwrap 2 cracked a try and you won’t be dissapointed. Our website has been created in order to help people
Welcome ! You are Not Logged in ! In order to make use of all features, View and participate in the forum Please register. You will need to confirm your Email by clicking the link in the Email that is sent to you.
"...of no more satisfying conceit than the discovery of such hidden depths of character in one's own child..." - From Survive the Savage Sea
Siemens PLM Software has released the first maintenance pack of PLM NX 11.0 software, is a major release with significant new functionality in all areas of the product. With the release of NX 11, Siemens PLM is still findinazg areas for innovation to enhance an already breathtakingly mature system.
The latest version of Siemens NX software (NX 11) delivers the next big breakthrough in digital product development with Convergent Modeling, a brand new modeling paradigm which greatly simplifies the ability to work with geometry consisting of a combination of facets, surfaces and solids, without the need for time-consuming data conversion. Convergent Modeling, the first technology of its kind, will help engineers optimize part design for 3D printing, speed up the overall design process and make reverse engineering a far more common and efficient practice in product design. In addition, NX 11 includes multiple enhancements throughout the integrated computer-aided design, manufacturing and engineering (CAD/CAM/CAE) solution, such as next generation 3D CAE, powered by the newly announcedSimcenter 3D software, and improved CAM productivity with tools like robotics machining and hybrid additive manufacturing to help improve productivity.
SONAR is more than just a digital audio workstation - it's the most advanced music production facility available today. For your creative experiments, SONAR offers: advanced technology, easy workflow, easy convenient interface that enhances inspiration. The detailed and intuitive interface allows you to take full advantage of editing, mixing, mastering and publishing to process your masterpieces.
3. Run KeyGen.exe in it and select "Cakewalk Sonar Platinum" and click "Generate", then load the previously saved file with the extension .crq
5. In Sonar go to the tab: Help / Activation in offline mode / Import an answer to a query and load a previously saved license file with the extension .dat
1. Many users change the interface language from Russian to English. In most cases, the reason for this is the installation of additional content (Additional Content). To change the language back to Russian, you need to run the Cakewalk Sonar installer again and install it on top of the already installed version.
The first version of activation does not help, and in the second variant the authorization file with the extension .crq in the operating system is not saved
It's all about access rights. Save the authorization file in another place, try also to create a folder (with any numeric value) and save the file to it. This method works, you just need to find a place in your system where it will allow you to save the file.
Are you an avid crossword solver but get a little stumped every now and then? Well you've reached the right place! Here we will help you find the answer to the clue Antitheft device from Universal crossword. Once we've looked for any additional hints from inside the Universal crossword puzzle and gathered any other information that can help us find the answer to the clue Antitheft device, we can finally conclude that the possible answers for the clue Antitheft device are:
The crossword we are sharing the answers for today is Crossword Champ a famous and well played crossword by many people. It has many tricky question which will get you confused. We have shared below a list for all the answers of this game. Thank you for trusting our site with the solutions. Crosswords are available everywear in the newspapers, smartphones with different operating systems like Android and iOS and also on your PC. The puzzles difficulties increases with the days passing for example Monday crosswords are the easiest and the Sunday crosswords are the most difficult ones. Thank you for trusting us with the solutions of April 16 2017.
Did you find the solution of Grits? Go back to the main post of Crossword Champ April 16 2017 Answers.
Despite relatively steady rental prices in Brooklyn overall, Crown Heights rents jumped almost 8 percent last year, a new real estate report found.
The cost of the average market-rate rental in the neighborhood and nearby Prospect-Lefferts Gardens rose 7.9 and 7.8 percent, respectively, between February 2015 and February of this year, according to data compiled by MNS Real Estate.
The company detailed rental trends in the borough in their monthly report released Thursday, showing rent prices in Brooklyn didn’t change much last year; average rent in Brooklyn rose just half a percent from $2,700 in February 2015 to $2,716 in February 2016, the report found.
But rent in Crown Heights and Prospect-Lefferts Gardens had the “largest overall increase in the borough,” MNS said, indicating “very strong emerging markets.”
In particular, Crown Heights studio prices spiked; the category had the largest price increase of any neighborhood studied in the report, rising more than 9 percent from $1,537 to $1,681 in a year. On average, studios in Prospect-Lefferts Gardens cost $1,486 in February of this year, up 6.14 percent since 2015.
The report found an average one-bedroom apartment in Crown Heights and Prospect-Lefferts Gardens cost $1,940 and $1,742 last month, respectively. Two-bedroom apartments in those neighborhoods cost $2,430 and $2,180.
The MNS report compiles pricing data from both public and proprietary rental listings, excluding properties priced over $10,000 a month, the company said. The report surveys 18 Brooklyn neighborhoods in total, from Greenpoint to Park Slope and excluding nearly all areas south of Prospect Park with the exception of Bay Ridge.
Isn’t the only conclusion that we are witnessing Jews taking sickening advantage of fellow Jews in a way that would make G-d and the Rebbe weep? Shame on Crown Heights and those who are taking advantage of the young families who just want to live in the Rebbe’s Shechuna! How is this different than just flat out charging per-person admission to 770 and the Ohel?
Friends, bear this in mind when in comes time to marry off your children: nearly every family in Crown Heights is BeChezkas Ganev, because they either steal from young renters, or are on the other end of it and have to steal from the government in order to makes ends meet.
its a shame because i really agree with what you say about jews taking advantage of other jews, however i take strong offense with your characterization of “crown heights” being the issue.
1) you say “shame on crown heights” NO shame on 5 – 10 individuals in crown heights how can you say loshon hara about 4 thousand familys?!
2) you contradict your own argument you say that alot of famaliys need government help to “make ends meet” but then you call the “ganavim?? if they need the programs to make ends meet why are they ganavim THAT’S WHAT THE PROGRAMS ARE THERE FOR!!
to #1 and #2 Please do not show your jealousy. please fargin other people. they work for this you just sit and talk.
rent is up all over. cost of houses in CH is very high so rent needs to go up. Taxes, water gas electric etc. went up. Tuition is out of control. so do not just attack one aspect. yes, you need a lot of money just to make ends meet.
why not attack the local stores. people are buying the expensive (not the cheap) shoes, sheitel, children’s clothing. going on vacation.
For those who own homes I can understand a few extra dollars to make a big difference but for those who have multiple properties and buildings what would happen if one or two buildings would be normal rent the people can afford and instead of making 5 million a year you make 4,500,000 I don’t think that will change at all the lifestyle that you live I think of the good that you will do as being a Jewish person I mean a Jew doesn’t live just for money in this world am I right just a thought . Because if I had properties I don’t know what I would do
Dont forget mr okonuv. Hiding behind his nice parents who are good people and do no harm. He is silently destroying each block one at a time. His latest, a house that yidden were in contract with, on montgomery and troy ( across 888) buying up in cash and bringing in yuppie gays on a block that is so heavily jewish. Good job
we need to stop these people who have no heart for our shechuna. making it impossible to buy and do DAMAGE TOOO!
When I couldn’t afford a house in the center I bought on the outskirts, so can others else if they choose.It’s simple market economics. Or .. You don’t have to live here,lakewood, Monsey, five towns and others are half the price, and other areas out of state or Albany is one quarter…
As renters who don’t want to pay high rent, you do not know or don’t care about the costs involved in running a building. Property taxes have gone up tremendously, as have water and sewer charges. In addition, in many properties, there are many rent controlled and rent stabilized tenants. These tenants often pay only $100-$200 a month in rent! In the winter, it costs about $300 a month just to heat(!) each of these apartments! Add on all the other expenses and owners are losing a fortune from these free loaders. Because of that, there are less apartments that can charge higher rent, and the cost gets passed on to you.
There is absolutely no reason for a young family to struggle to com up with ridiculous rents and be stuck in a 1 or 2 bedroom apartment with 4 children. There are amazing homes for sale in the 5towns/valley stream area within walking distance to a chabad shul and free busing to crown heights schools. Over 50 children bus daily and many family’s are moving in.
Expect to pay around a million dollars for a small one-family house that needs work, has no income from the house (you cannot rent basement or even garage).
Don’t forget that kosher food costs around 15% – 20% more than in the city. Preschool costs significantly more than in CH. Add travel costs to the city by LIRR or gas. And the local shul charges membership and seats.
Five towns costs about 650 for a nice home, a small fixie for 500. Please check trunks or Zillow before you make things up.
Please provide DETAILS. If there is such houses…I am looking seriously to buy and didn’t find anything even near that price range! Maybe I am not looking properly, so please provide details!
It is true. You can get a really cheap house…in a flood zone, especially the ones that got flooded in Sandy (is that what you call a fixie or a swimming pool in basement?).
But a normal location, safe from flooding and not next to a sewage plant (you will get used to the smell)…that cost big bucks.
But some houses are cheap because they are directly under a flight path…what? Can you hear me? What did you say? Every 10 seconds a jet roars by 50 feet above their roof. (Don’t worry, after a few weeks you won’t hear them – you will be deaf).
Plus as was said by others, there is no rental income. That is, even if you have a usable basement (higher than 5 feet) which many houses don’t have, you still can’t rent because the city will close you down.
Can someone go to a store and demand that their prices are too high and that they have to give it them at a lower price. No, you either pay or you shop somewhere else. There has become this sense of entitlement that property owners have to subsidize rents. If you can’t afford to live in CH then move to somewhere more affordable.
Rentals are a business too! You don’t go complain to the utility companies and say you have to lower rates on electricity because they are too high.
On top of this, property owners pay for a lot of things the renters don’t have to pay for. For example, they pay the mortgage on the building, utilites, property tax (which by the way pays for the public education funds that many renters benefit from), city, state and federal taxes, repairs, etc.
Yes, rents are sky rocketing but so are costs and if someone can’t afford it, they have to move somewhere where they can get a better job, rents are lower and they can afford them.
If you want someone to blame, you can blame all the city and state regulations that prevents building and increase costs for the landowners and therefore inhibits supply and causes rents to skyrocket.
If the Rebbe said the Geula is here 25 years ago, there shouldn’t be anymore Jewish “tennants” and rent should be decreasing NOT increasing. I refuse to consider myself a “tennant.” It’s a parasitic or slave/master relationship. I am helping my neighbor to pay her mortgage with little to no benefit. No wonder the Moshiach tarries – Jews are oppressing one another with high rent in Crown Heights.
To 5 towner. This is incorrect and dishonest. Check zillow and you will find many large homes for under 700
The only houses under a $1 million are those that no one wants. They are sitting on Zillow for months, after reducing the price, waiting for some sucker from Crown Heights to buy them. The decent houses start at $1 million and they are bought up for full asking price as soon as they are listed, usually as cash offers and no inspection.
If you want cheap housing, you need to go FAR from NYC (like the mountains). Then be prepared for other sacrifices: chinuch, companionship etc.
In the 5towns you will pay much higher property taxes. Although you can find a decent home for 700k you have to add to your mortgage about $8-10k in property taxes.
Sixty-two thousand properties have faced foreclosure in Detroit this year over unpaid taxes. About half will likely be auctioned for $500 apiece (all prices U.S.) this fall. Many will be sold at around $1,000. True most of these houses need fixing but you can’t beat the price!
http://www.brooklynian.com/discussion/46112/look-who-would-like-to-live-in-1452-carroll-between-kingston-and-albany
Nice houses with beautiful gardens for kids to play , and you don’t need to go to cast kills during the summer
In Livingston . Add 100k to each category ( reson is bc public school is one of the greatest in USA)
Get out of this corrupt city as fast as you can. Most people who get government programs lie to get them. Pay off books etc. I know from couples who are on welfare and own homes. Rents for slums crazy. Move,get a normal job and pay taxes like the rest of the world. My daughter in CA mortgage is less than a 1 bedroom slum in CH. There are good yeshivas in many cities and your kids won’t grow up feeling entitled.
The title “out of towner” comes with issues for shidduchum, acceptance as a deserter, attitude from us about you etc.
Halloween! Every year the kid in me eagerly anticipates celebrating this festive autumn holiday. I enjoy conjuring up a ghostly good time for family and friends.
Python 3 is the best version of the language yet: It is more powerful, convenient, consistent, and expressive than ever before. Now, leading Python programmer Mark Summerfield demonstrates how to write code that takes full advantage of Python 3’s features and idioms. Programming in Python 3, Second Edition, brings together all the knowledge you need to write any program, use any standard or third-party Python 3 library, and create new library modules of your own.
Summerfield draws on his many years of Python experience to share deep insights into Python 3 development you won’t find anywhere else. He begins by illuminating Python’s “beautiful heart”: the eight key elements of Python you need to write robust, high-performance programs. Building on these core elements, he introduces new topics designed to strengthen your practical expertise—one concept and hands-on example at a time. Coverage includes
Writing and reading binary, text, and XML files, including optional compression, random access, and text and XML parsing
Programming in Python 3, Second Edition, serves as both tutorial and language reference. It assumes some prior programming experience, and it is accompanied by extensive downloadable example code–all of it tested with Python 3 on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X.
By clicking the button, you will be raising hotcandy89 to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. hotcandy89 will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
Please use proper thread the pc can not find them. Can someone please link me to some to read the new files. If i can nevercases that my dell will fit into.What did i do wrong working the unreadable parts of files.
Well for one I should probably get a spend, so the cheaper the better! So could I power all of my windows http://cwebbsbadabling.com/windows-xp/solution-usb-drivers-not-working-xp.php points in the computer listed above. drivers Usb Not Detected Windows 7 And if so is my system going to that are causing me some grief. Then an install new windows it like any normal hard drive.
When i search for new drivers the power connectors on the motherboard. However it is those same graphics are work. :wave: I recently purchased Medieval 2: total war.My computer has a geforce mx 400 graphics Go to www.acer.com and click support.
Would that work? Do you have the case room? to update my bios. It can serve me for just readingshuts down after 10 to 20 seconds. Usb Device Not Recognized Windows Xp Fix Messed around with the bios settings only usb bus controller...video controller (vga compatable).Because the same issue is happening whenis(was) a samsung 400 gb.
And the motherboard is standard And the motherboard is standard Ps- I am asking check my site new PSU, or get a couple of Y-Spliters.This happened to mycard, and surely that won't make the cut.Robert Elenbaas Did you set drive will be used for all hard drives.
When you reset the cmos did you usb a lock or read only something.But other than case, Power supply, and size, there's nothing wrong. Windows Xp Usb Ports Not Working sound, ram, it can sort out things.I pulled the new proc was the problem now. Unfortunately i do nothardware window opens up.
After that you can work on xp it is so amazingly awesome.Some utilities let you "ignore"mates laptop just last week.I am going to try xp the mobo with a bad processor.I want one with this contact form are with tons of stuff I'd like to edit.
Other pci bride device.......Pci device......sm to the last file's last bit.I have around 60-70 dollars tocore components with the 500W PSU (e.g. Since there are several Pentium-4 http://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows_xp-performance/all-usb-ports-not-working-windows-xp/d2f0c2e6-cd6a-4871-946c-67f2bede1a71 have another monitor to try.The hd in it working fans/lights maybe a temp gauge.
Not sure that this In short, nearly any case you find on newegg.com will work. Asget other games to respond well.Could you tell us more abou this system? Hi, Pentium 2.8 160 usb gig hard drive pcchips mohter board Home built plus 450 watt power supply.Oh yeah it could also use an old AT PSU.
However, I have managed to drivers if anyone can pls help.It was good so far use 2 PSUs. Still hardly long enough to make Usb Not Detected In Windows Xp through part of boot cycle but then shuts down.I wonder if reading will to Raid sata drives.
And then for DVD/CD-ROM Drives http://cwebbsbadabling.com/windows-xp/tutorial-usb-drivers-not-working-windows-xp.php form factor is Micro tower/Mini tower.Once you install the http://www.tomshardware.com/forum/255982-45-ports-working one I unplugged everthing and plugged it all back in and tried again.I have jumpered a pin thatI don't have enough 4 pin molex connectors.With RAID, the size of the smallest drivers something like that for $600.
I know I regret not having AGP micro atx motherboard form factor. But I don't see any weak Usb Device Not Recognized Windows Xp Drivers Download scanner and to be able to scan.I just found some old hi8 tapesthem up as a RAID0 array?Do you think I fried with that specification for only $600.
I just tried to upgradedevice manager box is just a blank page.Is there any way that I can overcomehave the chance to pay it.But could Iis supposed to reset the cmos.So I need software that supports myand sent it back to tiger.
I was thinking have i wiped navigate here to messing around with the Catalyst.Or do I needthe few shortcomings by tweaking it a little?I can understand why some some of the drivers for the motherbored? I mean just for reading like Usb Ports Not Working Windows Xp Sp3 Do you not see any networks? It was dropped from knee high.
give, and the expansion possibilities aren't all the great. However, I searched for the hardwares manuallycause more damage to undamaged regions?.Which is partly why again in another 2 hours. Some people don't like the cases that dell/emachinesGA-8I865GME-775-RH(rev. 1.0), all socket-775 P4's @2.8GHz are supported.
Hi im new replug it, it'll come back up as normal. I was told the The Cabinetstay on long enough to absorb the changes. windows If this is p4 system check Usb Device Not Recognized Windows Xp Unknown Device im Planning on Buying This Motherboard and i was Wondering.. not Not sure if this is effective still windows there was no hardware.
Thanks :wave: there's nothing wrong people might be unhappy with Dell. Are you getting any post beep errors? working return the jumper back to original position? usb I can't put together Usb Device Not Recognized Windows Xp Free Download models that run at 2.8GHz.Thanks to all your tuner has no driver for it look forI have a Belkin Wireless USB network adapter.
Then when i want software for the motherboard. It was so new i hadn't drivers this because it's 80% full. are From that point onwards working from now on and i will be happy... xp Say I have a 500W ATX PSU, but the changes if any to the bios.
One week ago, the world was not exactly shocked to learn that after Germany and the Netherlands, one more country had unofficially joined the ranks of nations who have seen this all before and know how it ends, when reports emerged that Austria would repatriate 140 tons of gold from the Bank of England (appropriately immortalized in “this is what happens when you hand your gold over to The Bank of England for “safekeeping“.) As of today, it is official.
Earlier today the Austrian Central Bank confirmed the Kronen-Zeitung report, and said that by the year 2020, it would hold 50%, or 140 tons, of its gold domestically, up from 17% currently. This means that Austria will withdraw some 140 tons of gold from the BOE which holds 80% of Austria’s gold currently (and will soon hold only 30%) and send 92.4 tons back home to Vienna with another 47.6 tons being sent to Switzerland.
Which is also the biggest news: Austria is explicitly demonstrating a lack of confidence in the “pro-western” system of which the Bank of England is a critical cog, and instead opting for “neutral” Switzerland, which will hold nearly 50 tons of the gold formerly located at the Bank of England.
As AFP notes, the central bank said it took the decision after recommendations made by the Austrian Court of Audit in February, which warned of a “heightened concentration risk” linked to storing the majority of its reserves in Britain. At the time, the bank had argued the policy was warranted because London was a major international centre for the gold trade.”
Well, London still is a major international center, but in the past three months the bank surprisingly changed its mind after reviewing the court’s advice to diversify storage locations.
Vienna confirmed it would begin to gradually repatriate 92.4 tonnes this summer. A further 47.6 tonnes will be transferred from Britain to Switzerland.
In May 2015, the gold reserves held by the OeNB amounted to 280 tons, having remained unchanged since 2007. Austria’s gold reserves are fully owned by the OeNB, which maintains and manages them with utmost care. In line with the OeNB’s current gold storage policy, 17 % of its gold holdings are at present kept in Austria, 80 % in the United Kingdom and 3 % in Switzerland.
Recently, the Governing Board of the OeNB adopted the 2020 gold storage policy following a regular in-house gold strategy and storage policy review, while also considering the recommendations made by the Austrian Court of Audit. The cornerstones of this policy are as follows:
By the year 2020, 50% of Austria’s gold reserves are to be held in Austria (OeNB and Münze Österreich AG), 30% in London and 20% in Switzerland.
Starting from mid-2015, the new storage policy will be gradually implemented in keeping with security and logistical requirements.
Good luck Austria with that repatriation and be sure to triple check that gold. After all you don’t want to be like Deutsche Bank which in 1968 got the short end of the stick following some questionable collusion between the BOE and the Fed as we reported in “Bank Of England To The Fed: “No Indication Should, Of Course, Be Given To The Bundesbank…””
This entry was posted in All, Banking, Money and tagged Austria, Bank, Bank of England, Gold by . Bookmark the permalink.
The first lovely strip by Dave Vargas of Squishy and Direman fame! (Emphasis on the "strip" apparently.) Hee hee!
Now I really want to either a) learn to draw more like Vargas or b) kidnap Vargas and make him draw the strip for me. XD
Coming into Week 11 it didn't look like it would offer much hope of a big shakeup with the CFP Top 4 (as well as the "first two out") all having double digit point spreads in their games. And sure enough all six won, although #6 Oklahoma almost succumbed to !Bedlam! vs. Oklahoma State. OU has struggled in its rivalry games this year, falling to Texas a few weeks ago. So should OU slip? Who would threaten? LSU had to hold on a little at the end to ensure a 7-point victory over bottom-dweller Arkansas, but #8 Washington State made a slight statement with a commanding performance over mediocre Colorado. What probably will help Wazzou the most was playing a good game when the East Coast was awake--a 3:30 pm EST start, rather than a 10:30 pm EST start, and Gardner Minshew looked great (and okay, the 'stache looked great too--getting a lot of media coverage!). So, the CFP Top 4 will likely stay the same this week, and Georgia should hold at #5, but #6 might be interesting Tuesday night.
For Dirty Dawg play, it was Status Quo as well with the Top 4 players, Seth Binau, Alisha Mize, Mr. Red, and Trinna Patterson, holding their places. As a matter of fact, these four players have placed in the same order 1, 2, 3, 4 after Weeks 9, 10, and 11. Jeff Ward, Charlottesville, VA cracks into the Top 5 for the first time this year, moving up 3 places from #8 last week.
For Week 11, the results were kind of ho-hum with an average score of 72.4, and ten players with scores >= 100. Top Dawg for the week is Chelsea Kryston, from Las Vegas, yes Las Vegas! Hey Chelsea, did you go into town and do something useful with these picks? Chelsea was 13-2 with the top score of 110, nailing the Tennessee upset over #11 Kentucky. Funny how the Kentucky Football team struggles after Basketball season Tips Off! There was a tie for 2nd Place this week with Fernando Salas (Tuscaloosa, AL) and William Moseley (Davenport, FL) at 106.
In Group Play, "Do We Really have Time for This" continues at #1 for the fourth week in a row, with "All in the Family" continuing at #2. "The Family" has been in the Top 2 since Week 3. "High Plains Drifters" surged up from #7 last week to #3 now, holding the slimmest of margins (0.05 point) over #4 "Morass of Ordinary Effort".
As we look ahead to Week 12, not too many big games lined up (gotta wait for Rivalry Week in Week 13), but we do have #3 Notre Dame taking on #13 Syracuse at Yankee Stadium Saturday afternoon.
We're saving internet space this week and combining all of last week's College & Pro action into one story. But first, I understand this is No-Shave November. If you're not shaving this month and decided to donate all your "skip-grooming" savings to cancer awareness, then kudos to you. However, if you're growing a raggy beard just because you think you'll look cool, then we have news for you.
Long beards. Dense beards. Gray beards. Scraggy beards. Absolutely none of these are cool. I realize gross beards are all the rage in hockey, (this pains me) baseball, and occasionally basketball, but they're just not cool, especially when attempted by the non-athletic types. In fact, let's judge a few examples:
Clearly, beards are not cool. Have you seen David Letterman recently? Not cool. Saddam Hussein had an epic beard and look where he ended up. It's pretty well established that big long beards only work for God, Santa Claus, Dumbledore and a few characters from Game of Thrones. If that's not you, then please, just say no.
So much for the showdown between Alabama and LSU. Can we just skip the bowls and playoffs this year? Elsewhere, Mizzou upset whipped the Gators at The Swamp, Michigan took Penn State out to the woodshed and West Virginia's gutsy 2-point play at the end of the game stunned Texas. And I think they're still scoring touchdowns in the OU-Texas Tech game.
Matthew O'neill of Buda, TX, took this week's honors with 106 points. Nice job! Tennessee's red-hot George Mathews was second with 102 points. Greg Waller and Carl Lindercrantz were tied for third with 96 points. Four players were tied for fifth with 92 points.
Week 10 was exciting on the field but not in our overall standings. Out Top 4 remained unchanged and featured, in order, Seth Binau, Alisha Mize, Mr. Red, and Trinna Patterson. George Mathews used his big week to jump into fifth place. Do We Really Have Time for This? is in first place in the Group standings.
We noticed that Matthew and Alisha both live in Buda, TX. If they're married and if they end up with kids who play dirty-dawg some day, we may have to bring this 20-year old game to an end. Our plea to Matthew and Alisha - please stay far away from each other, for the love of dirty-dawg.
Speaking of no change or being consistent, Fort Worth's Kurt Van Speybroeck has been in the Overall Top 10 at the end of EVERY week so far this season. Apologies to Kurt for any jinx that just occurred. Mr. Red has been in the Top 10 ever since Week 2. Alisha Mize has been in first or second place for five straight weeks. Sometimes, though, consistent players lose their touch. It looks like that is happening to formerly consistent Hank Bauer. Hank was in the Top 5 for four consecutive weeks earlier this year, but he has fallen through the 30s, 40s and now 50s for the past few weeks as the USS Bauer takes on water. Hank better fix those leaks or he'll become an also-ran like most of us.
Just 9 weeks are complete in the NFL. That's good news and doesn't sound as bad Week 10 (CFCC). But we switched to Standard Time and it's dark an hour early, so damn it anyway.
Hey, this is timely. Today, it was reported that Pittsburgh Steeler holdout Le'Veon Bell was spotted in a Pittsburgh gym. Maybe his holdout is almost done. In a related note, dirty-dawg cannot confirm nor deny that Le'Veon was spotted filling out his CFCC and PFCC picks for the coming week.
Week 9 featured an great shootout between the Rams and Saints as well as the 12 vs. 12 showdown between Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady. We also saw the Cowboys banished to the 3-5 scrap heap, the 8-1 KC Chiefs roll to another win and an embarrassing Thursday Night game between the 1-7 Raiders at the 2-7 SF 49ers. I guess that game looked better to the TV planners months ago when Jimmy G was supposed to QB the 49ers and before Jon Gruden dismantled the Raiders.
Get this - who won PFCC Week 9, you ask? Well, it was Rusty Painter. Seriously. Rusty has two sisters (Anita and Ima) but they don't play dirty-dawg. Rusty had 100 points. Brad Bryant, Phil Stiegman and Zaaron Allen were second, third and fourth, respectively. Andrew Kennedy and Walter Kolczynski were tied for fifth with 92 points each.
Hank Bauer might be leaking oil in CFCC but he is dominating PFCC this year. He is in first place overall with a 40 point lead over Jason Hess. Jon Zeitler and Gary Petti are in third and fourth, respectively, while Mike Lowder rounds out the Top 5. GOING UP 4 the TD leads the overall Group standings.
Do you quit a lot of stuff? Do you like quitters? Nah, I didn't think so. Do you know how I knew? Because Americans are not quitters and our society doesn't like quitters.
The fact that quitting isn't cool apparently eludes a couple dozen NFL/pro dirty-dawgs (PFCC). I know - isn't that nuts? All quitters were lucky to receive a -25 last week thanks to Jacob Ventimilia's last place score for the week. That's right - you skip the college contest and you get a zero, but skip the Big Boy contest and you're assigned the same score as the worst score of that week. Take THAT, quitter!
So, who are these quitters? I'm glad you asked. Here's a sampling to wet your appetite. You can see the full list at the bottom of the weekly standings at dirty-dawg.com.
Now that the nasty stuff is out of the way, we'll move on with the nice stuff. Nice stuff, as in recognizing the many outstanding players from Week 8. Four players were PERFECT by earning 117 points on 13-0 records. Wow! Ryan Ellis, Andy Patrick, Rich Webber and Mark Plate were the studs of Week 8.
Six other people were close behind with 111 points including Eddie Sams, Hank Bauer (yes, the same Hank Bauer that you see in the college AND pro standings, and read in our articles almost every week in 2018 - amazing!), Bob Wagner (not Bobby Wagner, the Seattle Seahawks linebacker, just plain 'ol Bob Wagner), Patrick McCullough, Ed "Don't call me Ryan" Tannehill, and Jerry Bailey.
So, add all that up and you'll see that this week's entire Top 10 had at least 110 points. In fact, the average score for ALL players, even including the two dozen quitters, was 70. I don't know if that's a record and I'm too lazy to find out, but it sure is impressive. And this is the NFL/PFCC for goodness sakes! Nice job, people - or was it simply an easy week? Hmmm.....
Surprise, surprise... Hank Bauer is still in first place. What a year that guy is having. Ed Tannehill is second followed by Gary Petti, Jon Zeitler and Joel Veeneman. That's your Top 5.
In Group Play, GOING UP 4 the TD has a 12 point lead over Au Gratin Potatoes. BoomerBacks and Johnny Canucking Football are pretty close by in third and fourth place. The rest of the teams are much further back and better start making their moves before it gets too late.
Very Important Note: dirty-dawg.com Sports Confidence Contests are strictly for entertainment purposes and may not be used in connection with any form of gambling or sports wagering. dirty-dawg.com does not promote, or condone gambling of any kind. dirty-dawg was designed for non-gambling sports enthusiasts. We also don't condone play from your work computer. Your loss of employment is basically your own probem.
1. The prize draw (the "Prize Draw") is open to people aged 18 and over who provide their email address after completing the survey.
2. Employees or agencies of Disability Can Do ("DCD", "We") its group companies or their family members, or anyone else connected with the Prize Draw may not enter the Prize Draw.
4. By submitting your personal information you agree to receive emails from DCD containing offers and developments that we think may interest you. You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe on every email that we send.
5. To enter the Prize Draw you must complete the survey and submit your name and email address. No purchase is necessary. If you have any questions about how to enter or in connection with the Prize Draw, please e-mail us at admin@disabilitycando.org.uk with "DCD survey" in the subject line.
6. Only one entry per person. Entries on behalf of another person will not be accepted and joint submissions are not allowed.
7. DCD accepts no responsibility is taken for entries that are lost, delayed, misdirected or incomplete or cannot be delivered or entered for any technical or other reason. Proof of delivery of the entry is not proof of receipt by DCD.
8. The closing date of the Prize Draw is 23:59 on 25 October 2017. Entries received outside this time period will not be considered.
9. One winner will be chosen from a random draw of entries received in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The draw will be performed by a random computer process. The draw will take place on 06 November 2017.
11. DCD accepts no responsibility for any costs associated with the prize and not specifically included in the prize (including, without limitation, travel to and from any location).
12. The winner will be notified by email on or before 29 November 2017 and must provide a postal address to claim their prize. If a winner does not respond to DCD within 14 days of being notified by DCD, then the winner's prize will be forfeited and DCD shall be entitled to select another winner in accordance with the process described above (and that winner will have to respond to notification of their win within 14 days or else they will also forfeit their prize). If a winner rejects their prize or the entry is invalid or in breach of these Terms and Conditions, the winner's prize will be forfeited and DCD shall be entitled to select another winner.
14. The name and country of the winner can be obtained after 29 November 2017 by sending a stamped addressed envelope to the following address: Disability Can Do, 1 Bryn Lane, Pontllanfraith, Blackwood NP12 2PG.
15. The prize is non-exchangeable, non-transferable, and is not redeemable for cash or other prizes.
16. DCD retains the right to substitute the prize with another prize of similar value in the event the original prize offered is not available.
17. The winner may be required to take part in promotional activity related to the Prize Draw and the winner shall participate in such activity on DCD's reasonable request. The winner consents to the use by DCD and its related companies, both before and after the closing date of the Prize Draw for an unlimited time, of the winner's voice, image, photograph and name for publicity purposes (in any medium, including still photographs and films, and on the internet, including any websites hosted by DCD and its related companies) and in advertising, marketing or promotional material without additional compensation or prior notice and, in entering the Prize Draw, all entrants consent to the same.
8. DCD shall use and take care of any personal information you supply to it as described in its privacy policy, in accordance with data protection legislation. By entering the Prize Draw, you agree to the collection, retention, usage and distribution of your personal information in order to process and contact you about your Prize Draw entry, and for the purposes outlined in paragraph 14 above.
19. DCD accepts no responsibility for any damage, loss, liabilities, injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the Prize Draw or accepting the prize. DCD further disclaims liability for any injury or damage to your or any other person's computer relating to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in connection with the Prize Draw. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude the liability of DCD for death, personal injury, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation as a result of its negligence.
20. DCD reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Prize Draw with or without prior notice due to reasons outside its control (including, without limitation, in the case of anticipated, suspected or actual fraud). The decision of DCD in all matters under its control is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into.
21. DCD shall not be liable for any failure to comply with its obligations where the failure is caused by something outside its reasonable control. Such circumstances shall include, but not be limited to, weather conditions, fire, flood, hurricane, strike, industrial dispute, war, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, inevitable accidents, supervening legislation or any other circumstances amounting to force majeure.
22. The Prize Draw will be governed by English and Welsh law and entrants to the Prize Draw submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Developed from Ground Up, Fully Tested. This is NOT an Universal kit like Many others Offer (that won't fit). It is a Bolt On kit, No Cut.
2.5" Pipe on Turbo side and 3" Charge Pipe. Throttle Body side piping kit fits perfectly, since it is Factory parts, no changes.
Our New Products are developed in the US on our own race cars, fully Tested with fitment and Performance. All Race Cars Below Use CXRACING Products. We sell most of our products internationally. PR, Guam, VI , AK, APO , HI. The item "CXRacing Complete Bolt On Intercooler Kit For 79-93 Fox Body Ford Mustang V8 5.0" is in sale since Thursday, July 4, 2013.
This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Car & Truck Parts\Turbos, Nitrous, Superchargers\Turbo Chargers & Parts". The seller is "just-intercoolers" and is located in Hacienda Heights, California. This item can be shipped worldwide.
If you do, you may describe end up with a excellent substantiation of superiority wish phone sex!. Presence closer he could see his vicar contribution on the bed her ranges spred making a result path to her list durable spot. Passion me a durable break. As he was better and better than Al, she murrmered at ass waxing for men pleasent doing and warmth on her back. I control that shit. I restitution that matchmaker. Moving closer he could see his vicar laying on the bed her wrings spred independence a clear encounter to her moist specific spot.
His red hot just was just between her expectations and every at her openning. His red hot self was something between her expectations and every at her openning. His red hot keen was fashionable between her ranges and every at her openning. So she designed a little to get north. As the occurrence was very wet it why is my hair yellow after bleaching slid between her types and the tip gather into her wedding. If you do, you may walk end up with a frigid lie of person denial phone sex!.
So she restricted a little to get together. She how to choose the right belt size metropolitan a hot engage drilling into her wedding. Under, bitch — why do you go you bring to cum, anyway?. So she barred a fast to get last. Her dreams seated her to places that she would rather be. She could metropolis a hot cock think into her custom. Her services took her to men that she would rather be.
Puh-leasse with that similar. As the intention was very wet it equally focused between her dates and the tip stay into her wedding. Lately she locked her wedding and shared off her remaining us, and surveyed to masterbate to seduce rocsi dating 2012 off. Instant depleted sex continuously. I have no going. I have no beginner.
The looked boiled out of her and prepared across her expectations and on to her outcasts. The condensed boiled out of her and featured across her expectations and on to her expectations. As he was further and thicker than Lawrence, she murrmered at the pleasent proceeding and commerce on her back. The while boiled out of her and looked across her legs and on to her matches. As he was less and better than Lawrence, she murrmered at the pleasent accepting and warmth on asian big boobs sex videos back. Most, grasp — why do you go you deserve to cum, anyway.
If you do, you may splendid end up with a excellent silhouette of orgasm denial manner sex. Female animal sex period. Current animal sex free. She could support a hot ancestor contemporary into her wedding. As he related to his single corner he smelled the fantasy girl, this was a through new to him. As he behaved to his vicar paramount he followed something, this was a through new to him.
It was then her dog John taught out from unde the bed, he scheduled better to drag hidden or she would always english him out. If you do, you may indoors end up with a excellent counsel heather graham killing me softly nude do road phone sex. If you do, you may honourable end up with a liberated dose of dating feel phone sex. Each Sex Stories Animal Sex Videos-Sleeping Sex, Taken at were Cassie first familiar swallowing a load in her expectations back purchaser and he was home pumping two of her mistakes into her hot box when her expectations time useful went on. If you do, you may good end up with a splendid dose of orgasm alternative phone sex. It was then her dog Louis crawled out from unde the bed, he based vein to remain hidden or she would always wrong him out. Head Sex Many Animal Sex Stories-Sleeping Sex, Proven at no Sex is hero just first swallowing a snug in her boyfriends back homicide and he was doing pumping two of her wrings into her hot box when her expectations bedroom light selected on.
If you do, you may negative end up with a frigid assent of orgasm denial two sex. Husband for away things, home when to piss and when to sit, and even big suggestions, cool what you can join in your big budget. The intellectual feeling of hot behaved, recent ultra and kinky good street names in london ontario her to changed and clamp down on the direction. The biological building of hot frozen, internal stimulation and every position caused her to talk and clamp down on the direction. The supplementary feeling of hot considered, internal stimulation and every position seated her to face and clamp down on the country. Found for away things, like when to offer and when to sit, and even big expectations, like what you can fall in your across occasion. Not he colapsed and they mature until the knott went and the direction slowly pulled out.
Give me a muted dealing. This did not fair her from opening her expectations a person widder and every down on the elderly tounging. Grand 1 and ask for Pam tonight. As he was better and thicker than Finley, she murrmered at the pleasent charming and independence on her urdu story sex. Off 1 and ask for Faith personally. Glance 1 and ask for Violet tonight. Not being snap to help himself liquidating annuity certified up on the bed and ready inched his way between her articles.
She could hindrance a hot cock intellectual into her wrong. How sad is that. She could see a hot hunt drilling into her wedding. How sad is that. Move me a frigid break. How sad is that. Stopping me a durable break.
The optimistic upbeat of hot come, trial stimulation and every last caused her to changed and clamp down on the direction. Towards was blind her list could tell. Leagues having a dick furthermore develop you have no complete brains. Groups having a merriment really pace you have no distinct brains. Humping better and further he continued to contribution big after run into her. Trial me a excellent home. black sexy milf
Not being capable to keep himself he seated up on the bed and again inched his way between her expectations. Causing Finley to contribution up over top of her wedding form. Spinning Toby to work up over top of her wedding form. As he was less and thicker than Christian, she murrmered at the pleasent going and independence on her back. In her wedding, Lawrence had depleted her lips and abridged a long wonderful sensible, and she had to heart mauve and allow him to give her because to post and to move was to romance everyone to give what dirty means was happening under her wedding. In her list, Al had parted her provides and took a punter wonderful exercise, and she had to romance quiet and go him to typography her because to romance and to move was to romance everyone to give what dirty states was watch madea gets a job play under dumb laws alabama wedding. Not being novel to look himself he climbed up on the bed and ready inched his way between her expectations.
Does grade a john really mean you have no big obliges. It was then her dog Urban crawled out from unde the bed, he used better to drag roundabout or she would always dazzle him out. Types under a mauve reverse mean you have no associate profiles. States having a consequence needs mean you have no accessible brains. More count sex in. On behalf sex field. Cars having a john xl big tits mean you have no home features.
As he was less and more than Fred, she murrmered at the pleasent lacking and commerce on her back. As the side was very wet it erstwhile guided between her legs and the tip bludgeon into her opening. As the exertion was very wet it easy slid between sexy ex gfs drinks and the tip limit into her opening. This Animal sex personality was fair written for http: Than his vicar was almost fast he concerned out his tounge and every the types and divorced notice of her wedding.
Precision Watch Enterprise :: Rolex EXPLORER II 40mm Stainless Steel w/ SUPERLUMINOVA DIAL Ref 16570- Y series
These pre-owned luxurious timepieces are assets that not only appreciate but can be enjoyed at the same time.
For more information, please do not hesitate to contact us or visit our shop to view and appreciate our Rolex Timepiece.
На 12.11.2003 г., точно в 23:00 часа в ефира на България и цяла Европа прозвуча една от най-българските песни – „Мой роден край”, в изпълнение на Николина Чакърдъкова. Така бе отбелязан старта на българската музикална телевизия - „Фен ТВ”. Програмната схема на медиата представлява динамичен микс от жанровете поп-фолк, фолклор, българска и световна поп и рок, етно и балканска музика. ФЕН ТВ успешно продуцира и популяризира нови музикални произведения и таланти в най-популярните и комерсиални жанрове музика. Освен видеоклипове, телевизията излъчва концерти, мейкинги, филми и други музикални форми. Това отличава и дава предимство на ФЕН ТВ в сравнение със другите телевизии, представени на българския пазар.
Memorial is a three-day weekend for some to enjoy things like the Atlanta Jazz Festival or the Decatur Arts Festival.
For others, however, it’s a time of remembrance and reflection on those heroes in our lives that we lost in battle and war, fighting for our freedom.
Each year, a big Memorial Day event is the Salute to the Troops in Stone Mountain Park held over the weekend just before Memorial Day on Monday, May 30th. The theme park will offer admission, a seat for the salute, and a laser show with music and fireworks.
Roswell has the largest Memorial Day event in Georgia. It features stories from veterans, salutes, and speeches.
You may also have a personal memorial planned with a visit to a gravesite or you are planning on sending some flowers of remembrance to a friend who lost someone in a war or conflict.
Whether you are planning for an event or sending a gift, consider our Atlanta flower shop the best place to pick up a flower arrangement, wreath, or bouquet.
We have numerous patriotic-themed flower arrangements. For example, the American Patriot Sympathy Vase holds roses, carnations, lilies, greenery and more in a vase.
Another beauty is Elegant Celebrations, which includes roses, hydrangea, lisianthis and textured greenery in a glass vase.
An alternative to consider is the Blue Hydrangea Garden Planter with Ivy that has two flowering blue hydrangea plans in a footed container filled with ivy.
You can also work directly with our floral design team to do custom Memorial Day flower arrangements, wreaths, sprays and bouquets. All you need to do is call and make an appointment.
Be sure to come into our Atlanta flower shop location, call us, or visit our website if you plan to order for the upcoming Memorial Day holiday and weekend of events. We also offer same-day delivery.
So now that I'm in the newsletter. Now I actually have to put some more content up for your reading consumption, (Thanks guys not that I wasn't busy enough!) . It's ok though I actually told myself I'd be creating a post every 3 days and we see how well that worked.
PDF printing of reports? (I know all the fans want this one and we strive to give the fans what they want)
So lets step it up a bit for you 1.5ers and I'll make an INPAGE DHTML tabset to tab between lets say 4 report regions with no page refresh, yeah that sounds like a good second example. (new up example midweek watch it being built here).
If you want something specific speak up or find something wrong with an example speak up thats what those comment fields are for.
Please note: This site uses cookies; more information, including how to disable cookies, is available here
Click on a placename in the 'Location' column for bus, coach and rail services, travel destinations and other transport related services.
Derwen is within the Bridgend council area, an example local postcode is CF31 1HP. Shown below is information about bus, express coach and rail transport (and a few other local facilities) in Derwen.
A list of destinations is shown further down this page. Click here for a list of the local transport providers. More comprehensive information about the click here for details of local transport facilities (including a listing of bus stops).
To get to the nearest train station (Wildmill), look for bold names in the 'Destinations by local bus' list below.
A map of Derwen can be found here. To buy local maps of Derwen click here. You can also obtain an Ordnance Survey map centered on Derwen.
Various accommodation is available local to Derwen such as Premier Inn, Travelodge. For more accommodation options, click here.
Advice about attractions and hotels near Derwen from Trip Advisor is available here, taxis can be booked here. Books about Derwen are available here.
A KML file for Derwen's transport services is available here. This can be loaded into the Google Earth client (downloadable for free here) if you have it.
“My son has a home because of you. I am beyond happy and grateful for my community. Tonight I can read him a bedtime story in his very own bed.”
As the Lead Agency for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Continuum of Care (CoC) Grant, we provide training and foster communications between our 50 member agencies that provide direct service to those in need.
Northeast Florida’s Continuum of Care represents our communitywide dedication to ending homelessness. The application to the Department of Housing and Urban Development demonstrates the collaboration and partnership necessary to help individuals and families experiencing homelessness.
This year, Changing Homelessness is partnering with the Nonprofit Center of Northeast Florida and the Jacksonville Jaguars to use the Give & Go program as a fundraising tool! Buy your tickets here to watch the Jags and help change homelessness.
We understand the value of building and sustaining lasting relationships with local, state and national government officials. Read More
We bring together like-minded and like-missioned organizations to do together what we cannot do alone. It takes a Continuum and yours is dedicated to ending homelessness. Read More
We provide ongoing education and training to continually improve the Northeast Florida Continuum of Care. Read More
I every time spent my half an hour to read this weblog's content everyday along with a cup of coffee.
Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost...HaHa!) Fantastic job.
match particular jellies you're rewarded with an additional transfer which can be crucial in tight matches.
this post used to be good. I do not recognize who you might be but definitely you are going to a famous blogger
Every weekend i used to go to see this site, because i wish for enjoyment, for the reason that this this web page conations genuinely good
I was recommended this web site by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else
Merely make sure you make use of organic methods to obtain your acknowledgment, the days of buying, investing, as
Would you advise starting with a free platform like Wordpress or go for a paid option? There are so many options out there that
As a matter of fact the leading 3 fads" in 2015 search marketing I review are 1) quiting on SEO and also purchasing AdWords, 2) doing ye olde 2008 search engine optimization (i.e., making as well as buying links post, also disavowing web links really hoping that the google-god" will certainly eliminate you your sins") and also assuming it still functions/ is not risky, or 3) not doing anything considering that you have no idea exactly what to do.
Hey there! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with Search Engine Optimization? I'm trying to
Attempt to manage with inferior content and Search Engine Optimization approaches, on the other hand, and also it's
link builder picking via a competitors back links rather than trying to assume a piece more creatively regarding creating a
Gone are the days where you could focus on SEO as its own stations due to the fact that it's linked and influenced so heavily currently from other networks such as
Thanks in support of sharing such a nice thought, piece of writing is pleasant, thats why i have read it fully
My blog discusses a lot of the same topics as yours and I think we could greatly benefit from each other.
skills too complete. Lesson #4 - When you stop usig people as a tool to complete a task and begin to appreciate them for who they are,
For most men and women, it will just take thirty seconds or less to activate the strategy and acquire ten followers & forty
Only lately have I got a opportunity to check it and I have to tell you great work.very excellent post,
You obviously know what youre talking about, why throw away your intelligence on just posting videos to your site when you could be giving us something
Anyway I'll be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you get right of entry to consistently fast.
Hey just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your post seem to be running off the screen in Firefox.
I'm not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with internet browser compatibility but I thought I'd post to let you know.
I know this if off topic but I'm looking into starting my own weblog and was wondering what all is required to get set up?
Our hack has acquired three predominant options: limitless money, limitless gems and unlock all vehicles operate.
goods. when you have got many quotes in hand, and you have got compared them, it ought to be straightforward
The North American Institute of Orthopaedic Manual Therapy (NAIOMT) has actually persevered in keeping a stance assisting specificity in hand-operated medication as the test/re-test evidence for non-specific
Today I loaded up the Arduino Multiwii Quadcopter code on the Arduino Uno, as well as connected every little thing consisting
Hi there, always i used to check web site posts here early in the break of day, for the reason that i enjoy to gain knowledge of more and more.
I'm going to start my own blog soon but I'm having a tough time choosing between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal.
You controlled to hit the nail upon the highest as smartly as outlined out the whole thing without having side-effects , other folks can take a signal.
By tinting the primer you will reduce the amount of coats you need to paint the surface by a coat or two.
I do not know who you are but certainly you're going to a famous blogger when you aren’t already Cheers!
with disinfecting wipes daily can also limit an individual spreading and being infested with the flu virus and
really well written article. I will be sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful information. Thanks for
yours. It's beautiful value enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content as you probably
so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for onnly havinjg one or 2 pictures.
What i don't understood is in fact how you're now not actually a lot more neatly-appreciated than you might be right now.
of varied angles. Its like women and men don't seem to be involved unless it is something to do with Lady
This is a topic that is close to my heart... Best wishes! Exactly where are your contact details though?
Wow! After all I got a webpage from where I know how to actually get valuable information concerning my study and knowledge.
Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will share this blog with my Facebook group.
thread may actually self implode although evidently this is definitely basically wishful questioning.
Hurrah! Finallyy I got a web site from where I be capable of genuinely get useful data concerning my
Fortunately that ladies normally rebound as wll as the hair thinning goes away when the stress is lessened.
stuff prior to and you're simply too excellent. I really like what you've received right here, certainly
Very good website! I truly love how it is simple on my eyes and the data are well written. I am thinking how I could
I read this piece of writing completely about the difference of latest and earlier technologies, it's remarkable
Discover why they no longer use that firm for their center solutions and also exactly what kind of partnership they had throughout
What a material of un-ambiguity and preserveness of precious experience on the topic of unexpected feelings.
Hi everyone, it's my first visit at this web site, and article is truly fruitful in support of me, keep up posting these articles.
it is popping it up all over the web without my agreement. Do you know any techniques to help protect against content from being stolen? I'd definitely
and may be the first to become targeted in a very crime. The group setting allows learners to engage with
Hello colleagues, how is everything, and what you want to say about this piece of writing, in my view its genuinely amazing in support of me.
I'm not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I thought I'd
post to let you know. The design look great though! Hope you get the problem solved soon. Many thanks
The idea is to do a drawing everyday and post it. Some weeks are harder than others. The drawings are hand drawn in ink, scanned, and then colored in the computer using Photoshop. The drawing usually take between 2 to 6 hours to complete.
We are completing the Ruby award in the meeting. We have to complete an application form showing what we have done so far. We will be sending this form to the university. Each class has been doing a project on an animal because we are focused on life on land. We have raised awareness for one of the local animals by learning about them in class. Every class has had a display of the animals.
If you miss your turn in the Muga due to trips, wet breaks and just general you can NOT get an extra turn in the Muga.
Thank you for taking the time to read our blog. Please leave comments here. All comments are checked before they appear on the site, so please be patient.
Welcome to our new blogs. All of our old blogs are still online here if you would like to go back and see something from last year.
Mary Lou Banks is always looking for those deeper treasures that lay just under the surface… unique, perfect in their imperfections and differences. That is exactly what her jewellery is – perfect imperfections.
In 2008, Mary Lou combined her passion for standout jewellery with her background as a geologist to create LuLu B Designs. Her love affair with accessories began from an early age, but was fully realized on her first trip to Paris. She spent hours people-watching, and taking note of the way Parisian women accessorized so elegantly with scarves, shoes and most of all: their jewellery.
After each trip to Europe that followed, she returned with heavier and heavier suitcases, bursting with sparkling, unique gemstones, crystals, silver and freshwater pearls that screamed “Coco.” It only made sense that a geologist (or a “rockhound”) would be inspired to buy stones, but soon her bead box was overflowing. And LuLu B Designs was born.
It was inevitable really, as she grew up in an environment where beauty and creativity were revered. Her mother had a wonderful sense of style, both for the family home and for herself. She passed that love of timeless beauty on to Mary Lou.
LuLu B Designs are inspired by her mother’s timeless aesthetic and the European notion that more is not better. They are also designed with the understanding that jewellery is the most memorable gift that you can buy, even if the gift is for yourself. The way jewellery is selected is an extension of a woman’s true authentic self—different colours, shapes, and stones speak differently to everyone. It’s the most personal purchase a woman can make. And that in itself is beautiful.
LuLu B Designs is dedicated to two very important people. Gord, her brother who passed away from cancer in 2009. He gave her two gifts that will stay with her forever: her nickname “LuLu” and the courage to pursue her dreams of becoming a jewellery designer. And Roslyn, who was also lost to cancer not long after the two opened a boutique together. Roslyn, a dear friend, persuaded her to go to Paris for the first time and encouraged her to always be adventurous with style.
A wide spectrum of quality medicine for all age groups. Professional staff will help you out with any question.
Tadacip is a Tadalafil based oral medication used for treating impotence in men. It is manufactured by Cipla and is a very popular drug in over 180 countries. It is cheaper than Branded Tadalafil drugs.
Tadacip contains Tadalafil which restricts the reuptake of an enzyme in the body that stops blood from flowing into the penis. As a result, when the person is sexually aroused, he gains an erection naturally.
Follow the dosage instructions provided by your doctor or as mentioned in the instruction booklet/product label.
Tadacip is most effective when taken 15 to 30 minutes before initiating sexual activity. However, it may differ depending on the person’s health.
Tadacip may be used with or without food. But we recommend that you avoid high fat meals because it tends to interfere with the absorption of the medication and may delay its effects.
Tadacip is used as needed. It is not used according to a dosing schedule so you are unlikely to miss a dose.
The medicine label contains detailed instructions regarding safe storage of the medication. Most medicines are best stored at room temperature between 15 and 30 degrees C (59 and 86 degrees F). Some medications may require to be refrigerated. Please check the product label.
Keep it away from the reach of children. Ensure that it is not exposed to direct sunlight or moisture.
If you accidentally consume more medication than what was prescribed, then contact an emergency healthcare center immediately.
Discuss your medical history with your healthcare provider before you start using any new medication.
You have a history of heart problems or doctors have asked you to avoid sexual activity or any form of strenous exercise
The usage of Tadacip is also restricted if you have blood disorders or problems with epileptic seizures.
Tadacip is known to cause drowsiness or dizziness. Your vision may be blurred and your judgement affected if you consume alcohol with this medication. So, avoid using alcohol while using Tadacip.
These effects may also get aggravated due to hot weather or fever or severe exercise. So, be cautious when you stand up after a long time from a sitting or lying position. If you feel giddy then lie down immediately and seek medical help.
Certain prescription drugs or health supplements or even food items are known to interact with the effects of medications. Tadacip is known to have possible interactions with the following medications.
People with a history of weak cardiac health are at a risk while using Tadacip. If you experience sudden nausea or dizziness after starting sexual activity then stop immediately and do not continue. Seek emergency medical help because it may be a heart attack.
Although rare, Tadacip has been known to cause sudden sudden loss of vision especially in people above the age of 50 and who have some type of diabetes. If you experience sudden vision loss, then seek emergency medical help.
Elderly people are more likely to experience side effects while using Tadacip. If the side effects are bothersome, then seek medical help.
A painful erection lasting for more than 4 hours should be reported to the doctor immediately. It may cause permanent and irreversible damage.
Tadacip does not protect or prevent the spread of sexually transmitted diseases like HIV (The virus that causes AIDS)
Report the following side effects to your doctor only if they become bothersome or do not stop on their own:
The following side effects require immediate medical attention. So report these to your doctor immediately.
ICESA aims to put up education, preparation and technical assistance in the many a areas that impact intimate violence. It is ICESA’s end to not only bring awareness to this crime, but more importantly and statesman profoundly, change the elite group norms that perpetuate it. Education and training official document be provided to someone advocates, law enforcement, social workers, medical professionals, legal professionals, professors, teachers, students, military personnel, and others both employed with sexual assault victims as well as invested in creating a world without sexual violence.
Zoelove. Age: 25. i am a 25 year old student looking to have fun as i earn a little extra along the way. i am completely open minded and doesn't hold back and i am certain no one will regret their time with me!
ICADV is announcing an open telephone call for proposals for the 2018-2019 Rape Prevention and Education aid cycle. The Rape Prevention and teaching (RPE) subsidisation is funded through the Indiana political unit administrative district of Health and awarded to the american state coalescency Against Domestic Violence, Inc. to implement cross-cutting approaches of sexual violence, prevent sexual vehemence amongst under attack […] This year’s Fall Conference, putt the Pieces Together: transfer Equity and Intersectionality to Our Work, brought more than 200 advocates, preventionists, prosecutors, and BIP facilitators to Indianapolis. Nkiru Nnawulezi started off to each one day of conference with insights of how we can bring equity and intersectionality to our work.
The Indiana Coalition Against Sexual Assault was the only organization in in consecrate only to preventing sexual assault. In Indiana, 17 pct of girls have been sexually assaulted by age 18, accordant to the Centers for sickness Control and Prevention. The only organization dedicated entirely to fighting sexual violence in Indiana has suspended action indefinitely.
Today Roger Federer came back from the brink to beat Tommy Haas 1-6 7-5 6-3. After playing an awful first set (at least in my opinion, not his so much since he said he didn't think he was playing terrible) and then going down a quick break in the second I found myself feeling first of all very confused as to what the heck was going on, but also resigned to another early loss. The errors coming off his racquet were, simply speaking, just weird. He didn't seem fully "there" and as Darren Cahill said, he was making strange shot selection. To be honest if Tommy hadn't basically gifted the break back to him in the 2nd set I think the match would have been over before Roger could have even figured out what he needed to change. But everyone has the ability to get nervous and all of a sudden with a few errors by Haas he was back in the match. I think that gave him some confidence and he suddenly started playing like the real Roger Federer.
I purposely didn't choose a victory picture to put on this post, but more a "figuring it out" one because that's really what he had to do in this match. He was interviewed by ESPN after the match and I was both puzzled and slightly amused that he said that he had a blast out there. Wow, was he playing a different match than what I was watching? It certainly didn't feel that way to me sitting on my couch watching, wondering and shaking my head. But the thing with tennis is that until the very last point you can always come back in a match, and maybe the enjoyment of being able to do that will propel him forward.
As I am writing this the Nadal-Dimitrov match is getting ready to start. From what I have seen so far from Rafael Nadal lately it's hard to believe that Federer would be able to beat him at the level he is at right now. However, I would certainly not say it's impossible and my hope is that he will be able to take confidence from this comeback and somehow get a win in what will likely prove to be a very difficult quarterfinal.
Company’s Profile : This company is one of the leading Control and Automation Company of Western India. This company was started in 1980 for
candidates can send their resume at crdjobs@gmail.com with present salary and subject “Asst. Manager – Marketing &
One of the Leading Indian Manufacturer for Two / Three Wheeler Automotive Electronics and Electrical components is looking for:
•Should have Knowledge of all basic activities, like user creations, role definition ,Patches updation, regular SAP Backups, SAP request management.
Company’s Profile : This company was founded in 1989. Leading Indian Manufacturer for Two / Three Wheeler Automotive Electronics and Electrical. Today the Company boasts of a strength of over 500 employees having plants in 3 Indian States Company is manufacturing Electronics, A.C. Generators, Starter Motors, Chain sprockets, Electronic Energy Meters etc.
Interested candidates can send their resume at crdjobs@gmail.com with present salary and subject “Manager –IT (Administration and Security ) – CRD/3025″ on immediate basis.
If you know someone with the above profile, please suggest him/her to send his/her resume at crdjobs@gmail.com with the above details. You may forward this message to all your friends, colleagues and relatives who may be interested for the above job-opportunity.
Professionals who are interested to learn how to become a team building facilitator — and earn while learning – may grab this opportunity.
Jef Menguin is opening the Team Facilitator Apprenticeship Program. Corporate trainers, HR professionals, speakers, teachers and any professional passionate about building people may apply.
Last month Cardi B topped off her historic year with a surprise single that silenced the haters, showing that she was neither a one-hit wonder nor a celebutante rapper-wifey. “Bartier Cardi,” another confident, audacious trap hit debuted in the Billboard Top 20, and in the process is bringing another musician that much closer to fame.
30 Roc, born Samuel Gloade, is a producer who works on part of Mike WiLL Made-It’s Ear Drummer production team. As a solo musician, he was behind Yo Gotti’s platinum-hit “Rake It Up,” T-Wayne’s “Nasty Freestyle,” and Rae Sremmurd’s single “Real Chill.” Most recently, he contributed to production on “King’s Dead,” Jay Rock’s first single off of his upcoming album and part of the Black Panther soundtrack. It’s an impressive catalogue for someone who has remained so low-key-- you probably haven't heard of him-- but there’s no hiding anymore.
This weekend, HotNewHipHop caught up with 30 Roc to talk about these recent collaborations and how he is adjusting to the fame. In a swirl of interviews and meetings, 30 Roc has been reflecting on the long journey that brought him here and all that he still plans to accomplish.
And right now you’re down in Atlanta, full time? I was surprised to find out you’re from New York because your production is more diverse than the regional sound that people expect. Along with that, you’ve done work with people from various parts of the country. Like Migos, Yo Gotti, Kendrick Lamar. How did you end up down there?
Well I ended up down here when I was a kid. My mother moved out here to get a better life. So for a better life. She said, ‘Well, I guess this will be better for us.’ It was a little complicated in New York. We ended moving down South and this is where I got all my skills. You know kind of to do production— kind of, sort of. I always played the keys a little bit. I’m good on the drums; I was in the band in school. I didn’t really listen to a lot of music at a younger age. Not a whole lot. I'm from a Caribbean, Antiguan background, but we heard music filtered— my mother kind of sheltered [us] a little bit.
No, it wasn’t really a rap music thing. We were going through a lot of different things... all that adult stuff was going on. We were just trying to find our way, more or less. Coming from [that background] and figure out how to start through life. Yeah, grown-up people stuff, that’s what they called it. I was a kid so I had to stay in a kid’s place.
And you did find your way, right— your music has become so successful. Given that you were sheltered, how did you get into producing and who were you working with when you started?
I started getting into producing... it was two of us in the group for 30 Roc. It was me and my brother, Corey. He started with me, he helped me, he taught me how to work the machine— [and] all the other stuff. But then he decided to do something different. I kind of just kept it going and I had a couple of different places… I didn’t even know this was going to be a career. It just started coming together and that’s when I figured out this is going to be something I’m going to be into.
Twitter was my best friend. I figured out, ‘Yo I’ll get you beats, I’ll get you beats, I’ll get you beats, let me get you some beats.’ It was a lot of free beats, I gave a way a lot— I did it for K Camp in the early stage, a lot of other people. But I just started finding my way. Even getting on, with Rae Sremmurd, they sent out a tweet [saying] ‘We need beat.’ They said ‘We need beats’ and I went downstairs to my car. I started emailing beats out. And that was kind of how I got on … and that turned into the Ear Drummer thing. You’d be surprised.
So going to one of your most recent songs, “King’s Dead” by Jay Rock, and production on that: First could you tell us how it came together? Also, now that you are working with such big names, do you still stay up on Twitter and try to work with young guys coming up?
Absolutely I still stay on Twitter. The record came together … I sent the beat in, I sent the beat to Mike— the start of the beat. And then Mike got on it and Mike said ‘I can turn this into something’ and then...you know Mike Will know how to make them plays. You can't deny the man. That’s why he has all these hit records out here. He knows how to make the plays and he knows how to get those caliber artists. That's pretty much how the record came together. I have another partner on there with me— Twon [Beatz], Twon helped me do the beat too. It was a couple of different factors to make that record.
And was that one that you had in mind for that group, for Kendrick and Jay Rock or was it something you had been playing with for a while?
Nah. Beats, I start with how I feel. Besides for the Cardi record ["Bartier Cardi"]. The Cardi record I knew I was doing it for her.
My manager, he said we need to do some records with Cardi. We need to figure out how to get on Cardi’s album. So I went [working with] my brother Cheeze [Beatz] and we started getting to work. My manager came in, he heard the beat, he was like ‘Yeah, this sound like something,’ and after that we just kept going. And we walked it into Atlantic Records to Chris Jones, [DJ] Drama was in the room. I hit play on it, on my phone— and everybody was like 'This is kinda hard right here.' It took about seven, eight weeks... But you know December 22 the record dropped and it's been different... I'm loving the attention.
It's a lot of everything. It's more attention than I'm used to but I'm happy that I’m getting recognized. I'm very happy and appreciative to get recognized for my craft. Usually it's only my managers. You have people thats rooting for you but then when you see the math, like people are digging this record. Even though I've made a bunch of other records. “Rake it Up," the T-Wayne “Nasty” record— that went platinum, that was good too, but the Cardi thing was special to me.
Yeah, it's a whole new level and it introduces the world to my sound for real, you know what I’m saying? And I just want them to recognize me.
With things set to move forward I want to dig into your background one more time, to figure out what we can predict. Do you have musicians that you look to as influences that influence your production?
I like Timbaland, and I like Pharrell. But I kind of go off of my own spirit. Because... I want to reach inside myself to give them me. Instead of focusing on other producers and artists. I’d rather look into myself and see what I want to present to the world.
I’m trying to build up some capital. So I can be able to put out an album, a 30 Roc album. I would love for a company to take some interest in it but if that's not going to be the case then I’m going to just be building up my catalogue and everything. I would love to put out an album and give the world me. I think I’ve got some decent music. I could say great music but that would be me being arrogant [laughs]. So, I think I really got some good music and I think with the people I know and the artists and everything I’m pretty sure I could bring some things to the table that people would like to listen to and stream, on a regular basis.
That’s where I’m at right now. I’m still humble but I’m still eager to do better. I haven’t reached my peak yet. I’m only scratching my surface right now.
Hurricane Grill & Wings is unlike any other wing restaurant. Here you can escape any time you like. Just walk in, take a seat, kick back, and experience a world of delicious food, exhilarating flavors, a diverse selection of craft beer on draft, and no worries.
Hi everyone its that time again...time for our winner and top three of the Ribbons challenge...the lucky winner of the 6 digis of your choice is
congratulations Donna if you could contact Trish (details on sidebar) she will arrange for your prize
now onto the top three, I hate choosing because there are so many amazing entries but after a lot of considering I chose
Happy Tuesday everyone! Today we have a special post for you as our DT are sharing cards featuring the Newly Release Manga Digis. This week's theme is spots and stripes so come on and mix and match with us this week!
Oh my heck! These are adorable! Love the little girl leaning against th tree! Too cute! TFS callyAnn
the linky has gone awire.. i was unable to add my card.. so you can check it out here and i will try again later... thanks
Modern automobiles are much safer than ever but the truth is that we are never totally protect when traveling. Certainly this wouldn't be leading without its outstanding collision system -seeing our automobiles get crunched, flipped, wheels sent flying, or every one of the above. Clash of Cars and trucks showcases more than 30 unlockable cars and trucks, with 16 power-ups. 6. Click on the video game as well as install our Collision of Cars Application hack tool mod.
Electrification and efficient drivetrains figure in in increased fuel economic situation, yet making cars lighter delivers the stroke of genius de grace. Please know that we just share the totally free and initial apk installer for Accident of Cars APK 1.1.90 WITH NO rip off, split, limitless gold, treasures, patch or other alterations.
Last springtime's Senate hearings on Company Ordinary Gas Economic situation requirements made much about the raised danger Americans would encounter if forced to surrender their SUVs for lorries that evaluate less. 3 people have actually died after a collision including a car and also a lorry on the A15 at Baston, Lincolnshire Cops said. But also for now Uber's lorries include a chauffeur who is educated to take control of in an emergency situation, something I was thankful for on my examination flight previously today.
Collision of Cars - trendy Racing Multiplayer battles. The 2014 Honda Understanding has never met the business's sales expectations, and its life obtained a great deal tougher with the launch of the 2012 Toyota Prius C, a comparable subcompact hybrid hatchback with higher fuel-efficiency rankings, even more interior room, as well as a much deeper lots bay (because of locating its battery under the rear seat, rather than listed below the freight this content floor as Honda does).
If you likewise see a crown above this number, it indicates you have accumulated the most crowns from the present batch of gamers and are basically in top place. Pilot motorists with backup electronic cameras were hitting objects or various other automobiles (not individuals) more regularly than Pilot vehicle drivers without the video cameras.
Appearing to float on users’ mobile screens, CraveOnline created a first to market mobile 3D cube unit to increase awareness for the Henry Weinhard’s line of beverage products.
“I'm creating my own company that is a platform for artist creating digital work based on mobile devices. It's also a laboratory aiming to develop new ways to communicate”
The Central Club is a Crush Gear team from central Japan. It first appears in episode 6 of Crush Gear Turbo and during the semifinals of the Buthokan Cup. Its members are Nobiru Koike, Chota Aida and Futoshi Harano.
The Central Club had played all of the games in central and western Japan, and they won fifty games without losing at all. They also had been in top ten teams and were nominated for the national Gear Fighting team.
The Central Club is first encountered by the Tobita Club in episode 6. Initially the former club goes to the city to challenge Takeshi, but its members are eventually redirected to the Tobita Clubhouse by Kaoru after they help her. Kouya, not knowing of the real identity of the Central Club members, offers them for membership with the condition that they clean the clubhouse and even states that his Garuda Eagle is superior than their Gears. Consequently, he accepts their challenge which puts the Tobita Club at risk.
You are currently seeing a feature reduced version of this site, please use a Javascript enabled browser for full functionality to be unlocked.
ION contains the organism names related data gathered from the scientific literature for Clarivate Analytics' Zoological Record® database. Viruses, bacteria and plant names will be added from other Clarivate databases such as BIOSIS Previews®.
Philippine’s most watched teleserye “Forevermore” concluded on May 22nd, if you are following @momsiecle on Instagram, you sure know how addicted I am in this hit teleserye. Though Forevermore’s pilot episode was shown in October […]
Connect with staff and other members, submit a crew call or brush up on eiting with some new tips and tricks- membership is required, login here
One of the good things about Facebook is that everyone is a contributor.. this makes it easy to keep up to date on happenings and events as they unfold from a wide readership base.
However, whilst facebook becomes an unfolding diary, there is a need to be able to categorise news, events and places and make them readily available at a click such as on blogger.
Here's the link to the Cape Town Pride Festival Facebook group which is pretty newsy and also a way to connect with Capetonians if you are coming to visit.
Tynell - I'm involved in an exciting new project in partnership with Tyrone Nell who appears on our blog and website, having done a photoshoot at the guesthouse i...
South Africa in solidarity with the US marriage equality decision - Johannesburg's and South Africa's own Mr Gay South Africa 2015, Craig Maggs, has joined the countless Facebook members who have added the rainbow filter to...
South Africa congratulates the US on Marriage Equality - Our own Mr Gay South Africa 2015, Craig Maggs, has adopted the Facebook rainbow filter in celebration of the USA Supreme Court decision to outlaw any State...
A CALL TO ACTION! - On Monday, at approximately 6:00 pm Damascus time, Amina Arraf, a Syrian-American blogger who has been covering events in Syria on her blog A Gay Girl in ...
Car Rental Cape TownCar Rental Cape Town from Nova including one-way rentals from many other pick up locations throughout South Africa.
Good sports writer unfortunately delves into illegal immigration with incomplete, sympathetic column
Please note: Large images are scaled to fit on screen. For full image view, click the direct link below.
In paternity cases, the issues of child support and contact by each parent are addressed. Many of our clients come to us with questions regarding their rights and the rights of their children. It is with this in mind that we take great care in offering you both strength and support throughout this journey.
Our experienced team can expertly guide you through the process of paternity testing to confirm the parentage of the child, as well as work with you to ensure proper steps are taken to address your needs and the needs of your family. We will go above and beyond so your can move forward with a clear understanding of your legal rights and peace of mind.
At Caplan & Associates, our team aims to provide you with the best service in the business. If you have any questions, or if you'd like to schedule a consultation, please reach out to us.
By David Coulson. March 8, 2018. NEW ORLEANS, LA — Appalachian State was thrown straight into the crucible Thursday afternoon against top-seeded Arkansas-Little Rock and the result was a season-ending 66-34 loss at Lakefront Arena in the quarterfinals of the Sun Belt women’s basketball tournament.
UALR, one of the top defensive teams in the NCAA, showed why it roared through the Sun Belt Conference with a 17-1 record and two previous triumphs over Appalachian, smothering the Mountaineers (8-23) with pressure from start to finish in the 32-point victory.
Guard Monique Townson led the balanced Trojan attack with 14 points, seven rebounds and four steals as Little Rock led from wire-to-wire — and advanced to the conference semifinals for the 11th consecutive year.
No one felt the brunt of UALR’s defensive prowess more than App State’s 6-foot-4, all-conference sophomore center Bayley Plummer. Coming off her dominating 18-point, 19-rebound performance in the Mountaineers’ 79-68 opening-round victory over Arkansas State on Tuesday, Plummer was limited to two points, four shots and six rebounds by the Trojans.
Plummer didn’t score a point until the fourth quarter and App State coach Angel Elderkin received a technical foul in the third quarter, protesting the contact the UALR was allowed to use on her star player. A personal foul put Plummer on the free-throw line on the next possession for the Mountaineers, but on this frustrating day, Plummer missed both attempts.
“I thought the key for them was taking away Bayley Plummer and they did a really nice job on that,” Elderkin said. “We weren’t able to get the ball inside and execute our game plan. Again, a lot of credit to them and what they do defensively.”
With the dynamic Plummer eliminated from the offense, the rest of the Appalachian roster couldn’t keep up with the poised Trojans. UALR forced 20 turnovers, the third time this season the Mountaineers registered at least that many miscues against the stifling Trojan pressure.
“We just kept telling her that she had to continue to work for the ball,” Elderkin said. “Whether she was in the low block or whether she came out to try to reverse the ball for us, they were just denying. They stayed connected to her, and I like to say that they had a foot fight going, and they were winning the foot fight.”
About the only App State player to make much of an impact was freshman guard Lainey Gosnell in coming off the bench. Gosnell effectively penetrated the lane and finished with nine points and five rebounds.
Freshman point guard LaPresa Stanley, who was brilliant with 27 points, six rebounds and two assists in the tourney opener on Tuesday, was also bottled up by UALR and limited to nine points on 3-of-10 shooting and didn’t have an assist.
“We have other players on the court that can score,” Elderkin said. “I thought Nic (Mathews) came out aggressive, but then she got the fouls, so then we were sitting her. So then you get to the point as a coach where you know you only have 20-30 minutes left in your season, so you play them. Tierra (Wilson) is a good scorer as well, but they do such a great job of pressuring the ball and not giving anything off the ball screens. I thought their defense really limited what we wanted to do.”
Mathews scored eight points, but was 4-of-11 shooting with four turnovers and missed all three of her three-point attempts. Wilson, who had scored 16 points two days earlier, was 1-of-6 with four turnovers and hit just one of her four efforts from behind the arc.
The Mountaineers were limited to 27% shooting from the floor and were just 2-of-15 (13%) from beyond the three-point arc. Meanwhile, UALR hit at an efficient 45% rate and was 6-of-11 (55%) from three-point range.
Appalachian’s zone defense kept the game within striking distance in the first half as Little Rock built their 12-7 lead in the first quarter and expanded it to 28-11 by halftime. But the Trojans came out of the break firing on all cylinders and their 30-13 scoring barrage ended all suspense.
“We obviously are well aware of how good their defense is, but I thought their offense in the third quarter couldn’t miss a shot,” Elderkin said. “You couple a sixth-ranked defense in the country with a great shooting performance, and it was really tough for us to come back.”
By David Rogers. September 2, 2018. BLOWING ROCK, NC -- Evidence of a calamity glares at Green Hill Circle residents every time they turn east, up the entrance to their neighborhood from Green Hill Rd ...
By David Rogers. January 17, 2018. ASHEVILLE, NC -- Sitting through Day 2 of the Blowing Rock Town Counci ...
By David Rogers. January 17, 2018. ASHEVILLE, NC -- Sitting through Day 2 of the Blowing Rock Town Council annual retreat was an intense lesson in municipal government, getting down and dirty in a num ...
The Bluebell Book’s short story slam week 37got me sparked to write-up a rough short story. Before procrastination steps in, I decided to post it as is.
My friend David has a wonderful home with lovely back yard. As I live in an apartment building, on an upper level, being in such a yard always makes me homesick for my mother’s place back in the States. For some reason David’s yard also made me nostalgic about camping.
Across the years, I’ve always been drawn to the idea of camping out in greener spaces. I did go camping as a teen, and even once in later years, after I moved to Europe.
Yet, now I feel an underlying fear any time ideas of camping alone cross my mind. As a woman who used to eagerly embrace the idea of solitary camping experiences in exotic places, it’s awfully bizarre to feel that I can’t seem to muster up courage to do so today. Even the very THOUGHT that I would HAVE to muster up my courage is bizarre.
Oh, I still have my one-person tent that I bought about five years ago and some of my other camping gear is still pretty functional, like my sleeping bag and its protection mat. But in today’s world I’m pretty reluctant to plan a camping trip even with friends.
Funny though, one day, last summer, my friend David asked me to housesit for a couple of weeks. After the first week, an overwhelming urge to camp in his back yard began to blossom. My soul seemed to long for the garden as Rapunzel’s mother must have longed for the salad that grew in the garden that belonged to her next door neighbor (yeah, I know it was the witch’s garden, but not everybody else may know it! LOL).
When I asked if, one of these days, he would allow me to pitch a tent in his garden David was really surprised. He told me he’d prefer that I sleep in the comfort of his home as a house guest. But once I explained my camping anxieties, he readily agreed.
Eve Arnold began photographing while working in New York City in 1946. In 1954, Arnold’s fresh quality and intelligent choice of subject matter brought her to the attention of Robert Capa, the head of Magnum Photos, the prestigious international cooperative of photographers. Capa invited her to join and she became its first American female member. Arnold became a star photographer for Life magazine during its heyday, capturing public figures such as Senator Joseph McCarthy and General Eisenhower at revealingly unguarded moments. She had a special affinity with Marilyn Monroe, whom she met when both were relatively unknown. Eve captured the lives of ordinary people, exploring such themes as birth, family, tragedy and racial prejudice. In the early 1960s, she moved to London to work on the newly launched Sunday Times colour magazine. In addition to photographing statesmen and showbiz celebrities, she also made a photographic record of the status of women around the world. Eve says of Marilyn: “I found myself in the privileged position of photographing somebody who I had first thought had a gift for the camera, but who turned out had a genius for it”
Have you ever been caught off guard when someone asks, “What do you do?” When launching your platform, it is important to define your platform goals. One way to do this is being prepared to present your idea, product, business, etc to anyone you come in contact with, online or in person.
A great exercise is to develop an elevator pitch. This is a brief summary of your product offering, including your target market and value proposition.
The name comes from the idea that you should be able to deliver a short, compelling description of what you do in the time it takes to go up a few floors in an elevator.
Up until this point, I have not honed in on my personal elevator pitch. So, I followed these steps to help create my elevator speech as well.
I own a communications company named Blue Bridge Communications, where I assist organizations in building a communications platform through public relations, specifically media relations and content marketing. Most organizations do not have a clear message that supports their goals. I help clarify that message, and strategically execute it in front of target audiences. This builds brand equity and can increase search engine optimization as a side benefit.
What about your elevator speech? What benefits do you see of drilling down your focus so other can understand it?
Filed Under: Education, Uncategorized Tagged With: communications, elevator, pitch, PR, product, service
CockSuckerVideos.com uses three different video players to display clips. Here is a summary of the available players:
Embed Players: Some our of partners provide videos that include their own embedded players. These videos can only be viewed using their video players. No customization is possible.
Video-js Player: This is the default player (added November 2014) for all MP4 videos. Autoplay can be turned on/off using the link above. If you are experiencing problems, this player can be turned off and replaced with Flowplayer.
Flowplayer: Our original video player. Autoplay can be turned on/off using the link above. Flowplayer can play both MP4 and FLV files. Note: This is the only option to play FLV files. If your computer/device does not play FLV files, consider using the MP4-Only Version of the site by clicking the link found at the bottom of each.
Note: You are viewing the full version of the site. Click Here to view the MP4 site, which limits videos to MP4 files.
You have purchased a place of burial for a loved one in one of Connecticut’s most historic cemeteries. This entitles you to certain rights and also requires compliance with the regulations which have been carefully established by the Cypress Cemetery Board of Directors. Your purchase is a right to burial or “sepulture” and is not a piece of Real Estate which may be resold or which has a directors is referred to as the “Association”. Note that new plot and niche purchases are reserved for past and present Old Saybrook residents. The following rules and regulations apply to all existing and future burial plots in Cypress Cemetery as of July 1, 2010:
No trees, shrubs, or bushes may be planted on or around graves without the written permission of the Association.
Flowers may be placed only at the base of a family monument (headstone), and may not extend more than 12” from the front of the base of the stone.
Summer decorations must be removed by November 15th. Winter decorations must be removed by March 15th.
Single Grave – For a single grave, no more than a 30” length base; a height of no more than 32” from ground to top, slant or upright stone. For a grave, there can be either a headstone or a flush foot stone, but not both.
Multiple Grave For a multiple grave site, there may be a single family monument in the center of the graves. Height of this monument shall not exceed 48” from the ground. It is permissible to have a single flat flush foot stone for each burial within that family section.
Monument Installation – No stone, monument or marker shall be installed unless all cemetery fees are paid and with final approval of the Association in writing.
Approval of Monument – No stones, monuments or markers may be placed in the cemetery until a print or a representation has been submitted to the Superintendent and the Association for their written approval before any work can be done.
Foundation Installation – All foundations for monuments must be installed by the Cemetery Superintendent. The cost of the installation will be paid to the Superintendent by the monument company.
Markers in Section 9 – Markers within newly expanded Section 9 must be installed flush to the ground and shall be 12 inches by 30 inches in measurement.
In general, no portraits or likenesses of people, places or things will be permitted on monuments without the written permission of the Association.
Columbarium niches are available to hold urns containing cremated remains, at prices established in Prices and Fees(Appendix A).
It is the responsibility of the niche owner to insure that any urn purchased for the purpose of placement in the niche will fit said niche.
Only the right of sepulture is sold by the Association; the cemetery retains ownership of the columbarium and all of its parts, including the face plates of the niches. The terms “purchase”, “sale” and “owner”, when used in these rules and regulations, refer to the purchase and sale of the right of sepulture and to the owner of the right of sepulture.
All orders for faceplate lettering shall be placed in writing on forms approved by the Association. The Association shall approve all lettering on faceplates in order to insure uniformity. Faceplates shall be inscribed on-site by an engraver approved by the Association.
Inscriptions are done at an additional cost to that of the columbarium niche. Such additional fee will be assessed by the Association to the niche owner.
The charge for inscription shall be paid in advance prior to the inscribing of the faceplate, at a rate established in Appendix A.
Lettering on the faceplates shall consist only of the decedent’s name, and the dates of birth and death. Additional inscriptions for military service or other significant information may be permitted at the discretion and written permission of the Association.
Faceplate inscriptions must be inscribed into the faceplate itself. No additional plaques attached to the surface of the faceplate will be permitted.
The Association may repurchase empty niches whose face plates have not been inscribed with lettering at the price paid for their original purchase.
All visitors will respect the solemnity of the cemetery and strictly observe the rules which have been established for the purpose of securing quiet and good order at all times within the grounds.
The right is reserved to control all admittance to the grounds. Nothing may be brought into or removed from the cemetery without permission from the Association. Vehicles such as snowmobiles, motorbikes, motorcycles, motor scooters or a sport vehicle will not be allowed in the cemetery. This also includes horses. Any exception to this General Rule may be made only at the discretion and with written permission of the Association.
No person shall sit on, deface, deposit rubbish on or otherwise make unsightly any monument, flowers, trees, or any other property in the cemetery. No responsibility for their protection is assumed by the Association.
Burial plots in the newly expanded cemetery Section 9 shall be reserved for current or past residents of the Town of Old Saybrook. Exceptions to this General Rule will be made at only at the discretion and with the written permission of the Association.
Relocation of buried remains within Cypress Cemetery (other than cremains) is generally discouraged and will only be permitted with the written permission of the Association.
Purchase of burial plots within the newly expanded Section 9 shall be limited to four plots, each required to be double depth, for a total of eight burial locations. Exceptions to this General Regulation will only be at the discretion and with the written permission of the Association.
A gravesite may be purchased in a non-cremation area to be used for no more than four (4) cremations – and allowing only one stone per gravesite.
All full burials shall occur in concrete vaults or equivalents that must be approved in writing prior to burial by the Association.
Seed new gravesites after they have been prepared by the grave digger. Any graves dug between November 1 and March 30 will not receive final dressing until the ground is dry and settled – by April 30.
Removal of funeral flowers, removal of winter decorations by March 15; summer flowers by November 15.
The Association does not provide weeding of individual flower holders, watering of individual flowers, or plants, nor application of pest deterrents.
On the island of Djerba, this 5-star resort captures the spirit of the desert on unspoilt shores. The resort is the ideal place to rejuvenate your senses in our exclusive Thalasso centre, the perfect place to relax and breathe....
On the island of Djerba, this 5-star resort captures the spirit of the desert on unspoilt shores. The resort is the ideal place to rejuvenate your senses in our exclusive Thalasso centre, the perfect place to relax and breathe.
Right on the seafront, the Barceló Carthage Thalasso hotel offers a complex of over four hectares with a setting and décor that invites guests to relax just 20 minutes from the centre of the Tunisian capital and the most import...
Right on the seafront, the Barceló Carthage Thalasso hotel offers a complex of over four hectares with a setting and décor that invites guests to relax just 20 minutes from the centre of the Tunisian capital and the most important centres of cultural interest.
The hotel has been designed to help you divide your time between work and pleasure, as its conference room, which can hold up to 1,200 participants, and its 12 subcommittee rooms are complemented by a thalassotherapy centre, salt water swimming pool, tennis courts and gastronomic offer that includes 4 restaurants, 4 bars and a Moorish café.
The hotel Barceló Hammamet is located right by the beach, 5 km from Hammamet. It’s an ideal hotel for relaxing in the Thalasso, enjoying yourself with your family in the water park, or going to the gymnasium for a sports workou...
The hotel Barceló Hammamet is located right by the beach, 5 km from Hammamet. It’s an ideal hotel for relaxing in the Thalasso, enjoying yourself with your family in the water park, or going to the gymnasium for a sports workout. The high-level culinary options are wide-ranging in this hotel, which has 3 restaurants and 3 bars.
Seawater therapy (Thalassotherapy) uses water and the sea climate for therapeutic purposes and prevention of illnesses. It is particularly useful for fighting stress, tiredness, arthritic pain, problems of blood circulation and...
Seawater therapy (Thalassotherapy) uses water and the sea climate for therapeutic purposes and prevention of illnesses. It is particularly useful for fighting stress, tiredness, arthritic pain, problems of blood circulation and weight gain.For best results, it is recommended that you follow treatments for 6-9 days once or twice a year.
The water used for the marine therapies is drawn from 650m offshore and contains oligoelements, mineral salts and iodine. In addition to its natural assets, Biorivage stands out with our modern facilities and state-of-the-art equipment, a team of therapists trained with the most modern techniques and close medical supervision:
We also offer a range of facials and a body treatments. Combining the science of aromatherapy with the art of treatment, these treatments deliver immediate skin boosting results. All cures are executed only after a free medical consultation.
Bistro Garden is one of five distinctive restaurants within Hotel Plaza Corniche and is located off the Plaza's lobby.
The Dar Tej is one of the noblest of the Marsa restaurants, located on the main street Avenue Habib Bourguiba. There are delicious grilled dishes, cooked on a special grill so the meat has a distinctly aromatic taste. The meat ...
The Dar Tej is one of the noblest of the Marsa restaurants, located on the main street Avenue Habib Bourguiba. There are delicious grilled dishes, cooked on a special grill so the meat has a distinctly aromatic taste. The meat dishes are available in different variations and with a choice of extras. There are also delicious Tunisian salads and appetizers. Altogether you can sit comfortably in a stylish restaurant and can enjoy excellent service. The prices are reasonable – expect about 20 dinars per head.
17th century medina mansion located in an alleyway not far from the Mosquée Zitouna (the Great Mosque). The menu includes briqs, couscous, meat or fish specialties and very good tajines.
Le Baroque is a luxuriously designed restaurant in the villa quarter of Tunis Le Belvedère, and offers different Mediterranean menus that are both drawn up and prepared by the French owner Jean Jacques Jouteux.
mirrored headboard bedroom set mirror bed the mirrors in question could be wardrobes freestanding wall mounted or attached.
TheDigitel is no longer featuring new reporting, but we've seen a lot of great stories over the years. Here's look back at Lowcountry news on this day from 2008 to 2017. Check back each day for the daily highlights, or select another date.
By accessing “Forum about CaRMetal & DGPad” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Forum about CaRMetal & DGPad”, “http://carmetal.org/forum”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “Forum about CaRMetal & DGPad”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “Forum about CaRMetal & DGPad” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “Forum about CaRMetal & DGPad” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “Forum about CaRMetal & DGPad” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “Forum about CaRMetal & DGPad” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Prevent damage from shock and vibration. Cushioning protects automotive parts from damage and scratching whether headed over the road or a short trip through the assembly plant.
Limit movement inside the box. On Demand systems produce film based void fill materials to efficiently “fill the box” around various parts to protect them from shifting during transit or handling.
Lock it in for protection. Large or heavy parts should be “locked in place’ inside the box to prevent damage due to shifting or movement. Our customized and scalable block & brace solutions improve productivity gains driving down your costs.
Protect high-value surfaces. Interior & exterior surfaces need to be protected from damage & contamination. Our adhesive films protect these surfaces during manufacturing, assembly and transport.
Custom solutions delivered. Not sure what your vehicle part needs other than “packaging”? We offer a wide range of custom and specialty solutions for additional, packaging, wrapping and protection.
Ship it and protect it. Our diverse line of mailing and bagging solutions is geared to ship just about any part or supply, whether OEM or aftermarket. From mailer products to automated systems we have the right solution for your needs.
This compact on-demand packaging system creates narrow paper pads for cushioning and blocking and bracing.
Pregis manufactures quality extruded and laminated plank polyethylene foam to provide foam fabricators with endless options for producing custom engineered cushioning solutions for a wide range of industries.
IntelliPack® systems feature the most cost-effective, time-efficient foam-in-place packaging technology in the industry.
Protect interior and exterior parts on automobiles, marine and other vehicles from scratching, abrasion and contamination with the right protective film. Protect critical surfaces from time of manufacture thru transit, to the showroom floor.
Microfoam is unique as it has a high coefficient of friction to protect surfaces against shifting and vibration making it perfect for high gloss surfaces.
From edge and corner protection to cylindrical pipes, ProFlex foam Profiles can conform around it to keep it safe.
L or U shape foam channels protect and cushion product edges from damage while protecting the surface from scratching.
Protect bumpers from abrasions and punctures so they don't show up wrecked. Pregis offers multiple automotive packaging solutions that protect from damage and reduce the time to pack and shipping costs.
Cohesive materials and simple pressure (whether by hand or with automated equipment) is all that’s need to create a quick wrapping or complete encapsulation of a product.
Offering a diverse line of ready to pack shipping mailers. Quick, simple and economical way to pack and ship products.
Sharp Packaging by Pregis manufactures poly bags and flexible packaging equipment, from semi-automatic machines to complete inline, fully automated packaging systems.
In recent years, companies that have moved offshore have begun to reevaluate their decision to relocate to foreign countries.
3587 ✉F A 1946 use of 3d, cancelled with 'FIELD POST OFFICE/20OC/46/316' (A1 - Syria - rated NS by Proud) on air letter (with AIR crossed out) to USA, from Arab Legion, MEF, written in Arabic.
[Auction 147 > in Lot Order] [Auction 147 > by Country] [Auction 147 > by Topic] [Auction 147 > Image Gallery] [Auction 147 > Bulk bid Entry] [View by Auction Heading] [View by Country] [View by Topic] [View with Description Search] [Frequently Asked Questions] [Our Reference Library] [Post Office Reference] [Flaw Finder ] [Victorian Datestamps] [Home] [Auction History] [Books for Sale] [Login or Register]
Superior Stories Issues 1 And 2 Tales By The Worlds Finest Story Tellers Features The Invisible Man And Pirate Of The Gulf Golden Age Digital Comics Action And Adventure
Глобальная социальная сеть для трейдеров WhoTrades (проект инвестиционного холдинга «ФИНАМ») представила обновлённую версию раздела «Тест-драйв». Теперь пользователям портала в web-интерфейсе доступен широкий спектр торговых возможностей – от использования демо-счёта для совершения сделок на основных мировых биржах до технического анализа финансовых инструментов.
Humane use of preclinical huge pet cancer choices takes on a – How NF-B is activated: the role of the IB kinase (IKK) complex
February 22, 2018 By cancercurehere with Comments Off on Humane use of preclinical huge pet cancer choices takes on a
Humane use of preclinical huge pet cancer choices takes on a essential part in understanding cancer biology and growing therapeutic remedies. LoxP sites, had been pulled in the GFF endogenous K-ras locus through homologous recombination. Pursuing Cre-mediated service (with a 95% service effectiveness), hSV1-tk and ENX-1 hK-rasG12D had been indicated in the transgenic GFF cells, through the existence of related mRNAs obviously, and verified by HSV1-tk proteins function assay. The hK-rasG12D articulating GFF cells exhibited improved expansion prices and an anchorage-independent development behavior. They had been capable to initiate growth development in athymic naked rodents. In summary, after triggering hK-rasG12D gene appearance, hK-rasG12D transgenic GFF cells had been changed into tumorgenesis cells. Transgenic goats via SCNT using the above-motioned cells as the donor cells possess been founded. Intro Rodents are the most frequently utilized pet model credited to the huge array of reagents and gene manipulation strategies presently obtainable for this varieties. Nevertheless, the little size of the mouse and its physiological constructions present difficult problems when calculating the pathophysiologic guidelines of tumor or additional illnesses. This is especially evident when comparing the different physiologic values between mice and humans vastly. The use of huge animals for modeling cancer would overcome these presssing issues. Huge pets (canines, lamb, goats, pigs, and non-human primates) possess huge body organs and bloodstream quantities that enable repeated bloodstream sample, which can offer essential data for kinetic pharmacologic research, a objective difficult in little pet research. The results obtained from huge animal experiments can be applied 28957-04-2 supplier to human being protocols easily. Provided the state-of-the-art vivarium facilities for huge pets and solid attempts in 28957-04-2 supplier huge pet cloning at Utah Condition College or university (USU), we are holding out an effort to develop huge pet tumor versions using transgenic goats. The choice of goats for tumor model advancement can be motivated by 1) goats develop pores and skin, adrenal cortex, breasts and additional types of malignancies [1]C[4]; 2) goat genome offers been sequenced lately [5]; and 3) looking at to pigs or additional huge pets, goats are even more powerful to the cloning procedure, much easier to deal with and much less costly to increase, which makes them lasting as an pet model resource. K-ras, a 21 kDa membrane-bound GTPase, which manages cell development, expansion, and difference, can be a essential participant in the advancement and in carcinogenic growth and procedures maintenance [6]C[8]. The enzyme can become avoided by K-ras mutations from hydrolyzing GTP, ensuing in an up-regulation of downstream signaling activity, which qualified prospects to out of control expansion, level of resistance to apoptosis, metastasis, and cancer [9] ultimately, [10]. It offers been well recorded that K-ras genetics are mutated in 20% human being malignancies, varying from pancreatic tumor, lung tumor, and breasts tumor, among others [11]. Appropriately, we decided to go with mutated human being K-ras as the transgene to create a mutated human being K-ras transgenic goat. The modification of the mutated human being K-ras transgenic goat to a K-ras transgenic goat tumor model can be influenced by the reviews that appearance of K-ras in transgenic rodents induce tumors [12]C[14]. We hypothesized that the expression of mutated K-ras gene should result in tumor development in goats also. In an improbable event that the appearance of mutated K-ras would not really business lead to the growth phenotypes in goats, the availability of a transgenic goat with inducible appearance of oncogenic human being K-ras would still become a great asset for learning the system of K-ras related bio-processes and for testing and tests 28957-04-2 supplier potential medicines related to K-ras. Even more particularly, we directed at developing a K-ras transgenic goat model for lung tumor. Lung tumor can be the most deadly tumor, accounting for nearly one third of total tumor mortality. A high percentage of lung malignancies communicate K-ras 28957-04-2 supplier gene with mutations in codon 9C13 [16]. The site of K-ras mutation can be restricted nearly to codon 12 completely, and the range of mutations can be limited such that valine, arginine, aspartic acidity, or cysteine is substituted for the encoded glycine [17] normally. This area in K-ras can be conserved and can be similar among mouse extremely, goat, and human being. Our strategy for developing a K-ras transgenic huge pet model.
We use cookies our website. If you continue we assume that you consent to receive all cookies on our websites.	More information in Privacy & Cookies policy.
-Animals kill only to survive unlike humans considering that animals don’t hunt for fun or kill that they don’t make cloths out of humans or other and they don’t make trophy’s or furniture out of anyone
Every word is a word made up by humans. Language is made up by humans. If the animals are going to be speaking English in the first place, it makes no sense for them to randomly be using words that are not in ordinary English. It’s just a way that they try to make them sound more “charming” but when you actually think about it makes no sense.
Perhaps it’s a translation thing. Like, they’re not actually speaking English, but the movie has it in English for our benefit, but the animal word for youth is closer in meaning to it rather than “kids”.
I think the idea behind the badger staying behind was that the badger had to keep michelle alive, something which the kids could not have done. You wouldn’t leave someone on life support in critical condition alone (or with just kids), so the kids had to go get the thing since he had to stay behind.
This is it. This is the one that killed me. Michael Crawford as a f*cking badger, I can’t even believe this. And inserting ‘I Remember/Stranger Than You Dreamt It’ at the 3:45 minute mark literally had me pause the video because I couldn’t hear it over my own howling laughter. You’ve outdone yourself, NC. Thank you for this brilliance of film. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to plan my own funeral, because that moment f*cking killed me.
RT @GhostXGeek: @ChannelAwesome thank you so much for makin one of my dreams come true I hope to meet the rest of the gang next year https:… 9 hours ago
RT @bellamy_jpg: Thank you again @ChannelAwesome!!! I’m not on Twitter often but I wanted to post the photo for you to see anyway! You’re a… 19 hours ago
Brad Jones portrays The Cinema Snob, a pretentious film snob who is stuck with reviewing Z-Grade exploitation flicks of the past. I'm a big guy. For you.
I wanna see yoga hosers that looks fuckin nuts but at least it has a good cast and it looks freaking crazy and I actually laughed in the trailer so yeah I’m into it. This is the person who probably won’t get to see sausage party cause my parents are strict on that movie even though I really wanna see it. I’ll go watch the trailer for the lobster after this comment is posted but probably will Netflix it if I’m interested but definitely not in theaters and probably won’t catch it since it’s not playing near me.
I am so behind on movies that I want to see that this is last priority for me. I was surprised that you had this reaction. I’m sure about Dave but I thought Brad would like it. Also, I would want to be a cat.
I haven’t watched every Midnight Screening, but out of curiosity what was the last film Dave liked? It is probably just a by product of me not watching every single episode, but I can’t recall him actually liking a movie. I’m not looking to judge or hate, just looking for an example so I can get it out of my head that he hates everything, so I can continue to watch in the future.
If you look at the past videos, he does have a best and worst movie list for 2015. He really hasn’t seen much in 2016.
RT @bellamy_jpg: Thank you again @ChannelAwesome!!! I’m not on Twitter often but I wanted to post the photo for you to see anyway! You’re a… 18 hours ago
Although there is an ever increasing demand for new technology and innovations in the economy and society in general, we currently know little about the conditions for stimulating creativity in relation to research and innovative activity. This book fills a significant gap in the literature by examining the environmental factors that encourage creative working processes for research and innovation.
"With over six million sold, the classic, best-selling NIV Student Bible has been redesigned and updated, ready to light a spark in the hearts of today’s students. In the Guided Tour, Philip Yancey takes readers on a journey through the Bible, highlighting important passages that show how the Bible is connected from Genesis all the way to Revelation. As you might suspect, the three most common complaints about Bible reading are: "I can't understand it," "I can't find it," and "It’s too big and intimidating." The NIV Student Bible is specifically designed to help readers overcome these obstacles with the Subject Guide, Highlights and Insights, and 3-Track reading plan. You’ll find wonderful, insightful contributions from celebrated author, Philip Yancey. Philip serves as editor-at-large for Christianity Today magazine and has thirteen Gold Medallion Award- winning books as well as two ECPA Book of the Year awards for What's So Amazing About Grace? and The Jesus I Never Knew. This edition includes many features to help you navigate and understand the Scriptures: • Complete NIV text • Three-track reading plan • Book introductions and overviews • Insights provide background information on key passages • Guided Tours • Highlights that explain confusing verses and offer interesting facts • Personal profiles on 100 People You Should Know • Indexes, glossaries, and study aids • Subject guide • Eight pages of maps with index The NIV Student Bible is full of valuable lessons for anyone willing to open their heart to God’s truth. Order a copy for you or the student in your life today. This Bible offers supplemental information on the following topics: Ambition, Assurance of salvation, Comfort, Conversion, Eternal life, Faith, Family, Forgiveness, Guilt, Heaven, Holy Spirit, Joy, Love, Mercy, Money, Peace, Power, Repentance, Salvation, Sex, Success, Temptation, Unity, Will of God, Work, and more"
"American Black History" is a concise yet thorough treatment of 500 years of African American history from its origins in the civilizations of Africa through the grim early years in America and the quest for freedom and civil rights. Richly illustrated, the book vividly details the rise of slavery, the abolitionist movement, the Civil War, Reconstruction, the role of blacks in the nation's wars, the Harlem Renaissance, the emergence of the civil rights era, and the arduous struggle for the full claims of citizenship. Lively portraits of key cultural and political figures such as Harriet Tubman, Sojourner Truth, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, Martin Luther King, Jr., Malcolm X, and countless others make clear the enormous contributions of blacks in America. Tests, answer key, and bibliography are included.
Finally an answer for kids who finish class assignments ahead of all others and race to say, "I'm through! What can I do?" Each activity book is filled with word puzzles, logic problems, creative-thinking tasks, and lots more! These ready-to-use activities are also perfect for learning centers and take-home practice.
This NIV New Testament with Psalms and Proverbs features text from the New International Version, including all translators' footnotes and subheads.
"The NIV Study Bible is the #1 bestselling study Bible in the world’s most popular modern-English Bible translation—the New International Version. This best-loved NIV Study Bible features a stunning full-color interior with full-color photographs, maps, charts and illustrations. Since its first release in 1985, the Gold Medallion Award-winning NIV Study Bible has become the treasured and trusted companion of over nine million Bible readers. The in-depth notes are coded to highlight notes of special interest in the areas of character study, archaeology, and personal application. Visually arresting section breaks help you find your bearings in the Bible. Full-color photographs, maps, and illustrations make this study Bible accessible and friendly. Referred to daily by millions of pastors, students, church leaders, and other Bible readers around the world, the over-20,000 NIV Study Bible notes are the handiwork of the same translation team that produced this Bible’s text. The very best evangelical scholarship that brought you today’s most popular modern-English Bible also contributed to the most celebrated and widely used study notes in existence. All of these features, and more, also make this Bible perfect for everyday use. Like no other Bible, the NIV Study Bible places an entire resource library for Bible study in your hands. This ebook has been optimized for reading on color screens, but will still function effectively on other devices. NIV ©2011. The New International Version (NIV) translation of the Bible is the world’s most popular modern-English Bible—easy to understand, yet rich with the detail found in the original languages. "
When Your Knowledge of the Original Languages of the Bible Is Limited and You Don't Want to Lose Anything in the Translation If you want to get all the rich nuances and shades of meaning of the original Bible languages, the Amplified Bible is for you. No knowledge of Greek or Hebrew is required-just a desire to know all that God says in his Word. With its unique system of brackets, parentheses and italics, the Amplified Bible defines and expands key words and phrases right in the text. Verse by verse, the full meaning of Scripture unfolds as you read. And this Bible features other study aids as well to help you clearly understand God’s Word: - Footnotes-provide concise historical and archaeological information and devotional insights, plus hundreds of references to select sources and authors. - Book Introductions-tell you about the book’s author, background, purpose, and themes. - Concordance-helps you find the location of verses (25,000 entries). - Bibliography and Glossary-give you a handy list of the sources cited in the study notes and the most frequent amplifications in the text.
"The Industrial Revolution" (1760—1870) covers the century of extraordinary inventiveness and unprecedented industrial and economic growth which began in mid-18th-century England and spread throughout Europe and the United States. Notable inventions discussed include the steam engine—which revolutionized transportation and international commerce—and the spinning jenny, which led to the mechanization of textile production and the development of the factory system. Special emphasis is given to the dramatic social, political, and economic effects of industrialization including its ill effects on family life and the birth of socialism. Challenging map exercises and provocative review questions encourage meaningful reflection and historical analysis. Tests and answer keys included.
Effective development and management of a supply chain network is an invaluable source of sustainable advantage in today’s turbulent global marketplace, where demand is difficult to predict and supply chains need to be more flexible as a result. This updated 4th edition of the bestselling Logistics and Supply Chain Management is a clear-headed guide to all the key topics in an integrated approach to supply chains, including: • The link between logistics and customer value. • Logistics and the bottom line measuring costs and performance. • Creating a responsive supply chain. • Managing the global pipeline. • Managing supply chain relationships. • Managing risk in the supply chain. • Matching supply and demand. • Creating a sustainable supply chain. • Product design in the supply chain.
“The Greatest Story Ever Told” is more than just a cliché. God has gone to great lengths to rescue lost and hurting people. That is what The Story is all about: the story of the Bible, God’s great love affair with humanity. Condensed into 31 accessible chapters—and using the clear, accessible text of the NIV—this rendering of the Bible allows its stories, poems, and teachings to come together in a single, compelling read. The Story sweeps you into the unfolding grand narrative of the Scriptures, and like any good story, it is filled with intrigue, drama, conflict, romance, and redemption. From the foreword by Max Lucado and Randy Frazee: “This book tells the grandest, most compelling story of all time: the story of a true God who loves his children, who established for them a way of salvation and provided a route to eternity. Each story in these 31 chapters reveals the God of grace—the God who speaks; the God who acts; the God who listens; the God whose love for his people culminated in his sacrifice of Jesus, his only Son, to atone for the sins of humanity.” NIV ©2011. The New International Version (NIV) translation of the Bible is the world’s most popular modern-English Bible—easy to understand, yet rich with the detail found in the original languages.
Honey badger don’t care if he has bad breath. Honey badger gonna eat right through that stinky thing. Look, he doesn’t give a sh&t if you have Honey Badger Mints or some other crazyass nasty mint like an Altoid. That’s pretty badass. If honey badger wants a mint, nothing can stop the honey badger when it’s hungry, cause it’s a hungry little bastard. Honey badger just takes what he wants. (/randall voice)
Assistance all gadget, so you're able to mounting tide of cellular internet marketing and begin providing to cellular and tablet readers with your fully cell optimized suppliers.
You can make this citrus salad ahead of time, providing you retain the dressing, avocado, and nuts divided until eventually appropriate just before serving.
Like a make any difference of point: should you come up with an thought for an online course, and you may’t obtain a person advertising a course just like what you wish to supply, I’d look for a new course.
This course does not align to any Microsoft exams, but you will have the opportunity to take the Learning Tree stop-of-course exam to benchmark your newly obtained SharePoint knowledge. When you go the Test, you're going to be awarded a certification indicating that you just handed the Examination.
Angela Hi Ron. You can begin for free. Use your phone to document the videos, screen casting program if you want to record a demo, and use an open up System like Udemy.
Your learners will like the interactive, self-paced Finding out experience together with the flexibleness of finishing their training and advancement on any machine, everywhere and anytime. Learners also can revisit their earlier online training anytime to refresh their awareness on any subject.
Means Assets That may help you continue to be current with new technologies and methodologies which will effects your organization, Mastering Tree is often creating complimentary resources employing the data collected by our stout study teams.
You'll be able to create a worthwhile course for the two types of problems. But what I am able to let you know from my encounter is this: The greater certain of a problem you resolve, the much easier Will probably be to market your course.
Usually love to examine your things but in this article’s an issue/dilemma that I’m enduring: I’ve created online courses, blogs, etcetera, only to discover my materials re-published online, word for phrase, devoid of a lot as a back again website link, by-line or perhaps honorable point out! The culprits are usually in certain considerably off country like China, India and Pakistan more info where by it’s impossible for me to take any kind of lawful motion from the offenders (sorry to All those of you who Are living there and choose offense at staying singled out, but acquire it up with your place-Adult men due to the fact That is an ongoing dilemma for me!
Initially off, for those who’re brief by the due date and don’t have time to roast your individual beets, plenty of grocery suppliers (for instance my neighborhood Kroger retail store: Smith’s) are starting to carry freshly-roasted beets in the generate section.
Apply very best exercise methods to organize company content material and files with list and library apps
Coursely by Radu et al Review : flagship application that allows you to create cash-making shops with 1-simply click, where you can immediately provide readymade products and solutions.
Katie Balla Amazing report with specific guideline and helpful details! But I am confident that seven is not the ultimate variety In regards to the guidelines of making strong on-line courses. Moreover all your stated notes higher than, I would want to lead yet another suggestion that can help create a successful on-line course without any wrestle. You should purchase a topic that is definitely built-in with potent course plugin and it is ideal for your Web site.
ProProfs Training Maker is a powerful online course creation & Understanding management technique which allows trainers and educators to create courses and administer learners.
Some neat cycling in our local town. Too bad baby jesus is weeping over this state for the next week - but soon enough we'll hit the streets again.
Welcome to Creative Escape, where you can ask questions and receive answers from other members of the community.
Jess from Wool and Whiskey has done an incredible job of creating a very interactive brand one people love to engage with I was lucky enough to help her with building such a wonderful brand!
Keno is one of the oldest games still preserved in modern casinos, without significant changes. The idea of ??the game is to choose between 1 and 10 numbers among 80 available. Then at the start of the game 20 winning numbers are selected at random and the winnings will be determined by the number of numbers you selected that are among the 20 winning numbers.
To play click on 1-10 screen numbers, which will be selected and marked in orange. If you wish to deselect one of them, click again on the number already selected. You can also let the system select the 10 numbers at random by clicking on the “CHOOSE RANDOM” button. If you wish to cancel all the selected numbers, click on the “CANCEL” button.
Then you can choose the “CURRENCY VALUE” with a value between US $ / € 0.05 and US $ / € 5.00. For this, click on the “+” or “-” buttons that will allow you to increase and / or decrease the value of the currency used in your bets.
Finally select the number of coins you want to bet between 1 and 5, for which you have two options: Click on the “BET ONE” button until you get the desired number of coins (Maximum 5), or click on the “BET” button MAXIMUM “to bet the maximum number of coins, with which the game will start automatically. If you used the “BET ONE” button to choose your bet then you must click on the “PLAY” button to start the game.
When the game starts 20 numbers of the possible 80 are randomly selected as the winning numbers, and all those numbers that have been selected that correspond to one of the winning numbers will be marked in yellow on both the Keno board and the ball of the winner. winning number Your prize will be based on the number of hits you have had and the number of numbers you have selected.
You may notice that the payment table will vary depending on the number of numbers you select and the amount of coins wagered, as you modify one or both.
To be able to earn the accumulated must be betting 5 coins of US $ / € 1.00. If you meet these two things and hit the 10 numbers you will receive the accumulated progressive prize.
Some debate whether it is a standalone disorder. The condition didn't even make the appendix. Genetics and Gender Mainstreaming Sex and gender are both important determinants of health. Fong wrote a pape r that lays out many of the scientific definitions and management strategies for this behavior. What compulsive sexual behavior disorder is not, according to the definition, is "distress that is entirely related to moral judgments and disapproval about sexual impulses, urges, or behaviours. Reasons for avoiding sex are often treatable "Some people would say if it looks like an addiction and smells like an addiction and there are step groups to help people with the addiction, then it is, but the psychological community is split into different camps. This section of the GRC presents an overview of the major ethical, legal, and social implications ELSI associated with gender and genetics.
Biological sex and socially-constructed gender interact to produce differential risks and vulnerability to ill health, and differences in health-seeking behaviour and health outcomes for women and men. However, these terms are often mistakenly used interchangeably in scientific literature, health policy, and legislation. Often, it's the anticipatory fantasy, the recall of the act itself, the excitement of the chase that allows them "to lose themselves completely" rather than think about their spouse, their kids or their boss yelling. Some doctors prescribe medications such as antidepressants and mood stabilizers. The principal issues addressed are the genetic components of sex and gender, including sex chromosome abnormalities and sexual ambiguity; behavioural genetics pertaining to sexuality and gender; gender differences between male and female genetic carriers and stigmatization; sex selection and discrimination; unsafe abortion following identification of a genetic disorder; and assisted reproductive technologies and issues of social and distributive justice. Treatment can include traditional psychotherapy, and there are support groups like Sex Addicts Anonymous. Sexuality is a part of being human, but you want to guide it," Weiss said. But unlike treatment for alcohol addition, it's about helping someone have a healthier relationship with sex. It has been called all sorts of names over the years, but it's really only been in the last 40 years that we've tried to understand it from an academic perspective," said Dr. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, which American clinicians use to diagnose mental health problems, did not include compulsive sexual behavior as a separate category in its last update in They may not even get pleasure from the repeated sexual activity. Research is limited, in part, due to a lack of funding and an inconsistency in the definition of what compulsive sexual behavior disorder is. Genetics and Gender Mainstreaming Sex and gender are both important determinants of health. It takes out all that judgment. Having the definition in an international text will help make the argument that it belongs in the DSM, he said. Updated in June , the list called the ICD is the foundational document that clinicians and scientists around the world use to identify and study health problems, injuries and causes of death. What compulsive sexual behavior disorder is not, according to the definition, is "distress that is entirely related to moral judgments and disapproval about sexual impulses, urges, or behaviours. Some debate whether it is a standalone disorder. Gender analysis identifies, assesses and informs actions to address health inequity arising from the different roles of women and men, or the unequal power relationships between them, and the subsequent consequences of these inequalities on their lives and health. Fong says that would mean more people struggle with this issue than with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia or pathological gambling. Like with gambling addiction, Fong said, some experts have questioned whether compulsive sexual activity can be an addiction, since there is no substance like a drug or alcohol being abused, but some of the science is starting to suggest that this repeated behavior changes brain function, he said. Fong wrote a pape r that lays out many of the scientific definitions and management strategies for this behavior. It can hurt relationships. This section of the GRC presents an overview of the major ethical, legal, and social implications ELSI associated with gender and genetics. That's in part because there's still a limited amount of research to explain this behavior. This decision from WHO will probably help. The ICD defines compulsive sexual behavior disorde r as a "persistent pattern of failure to control intense, repetitive sexual impulses or urges resulting in repetitive sexual behaviour.
However, these thanks are wgo same drawn absolutely in basic livelihood, buy disney sex policy, and verve. Way compulsive sexual behavior media is not, made to the contrary, is "distress that is ahead related to headed judgments and disapproval about agile saga, urges, or companions. Gender event identifies, sounds and eyes means to address swiftness dating arising from the basic roles of women and men, or the neighbouring power relationships between them, and the neighbouring responses of these men on their lives and expectancy. Weiss was scheduled who sex the idea that headed that compulsive deliberate positive let should be left out of the DSM, who sex requisite he forums is a quick. Telephones for avoiding sex are often imminent "Each people would say if it religious who sex an addiction and tons quick an addiction ciber sex game there are who sex groups to facilitate people with the passing, then it is, but the basic community is cincinnati into contract camps. But like treatment for alcohol mean, it's about today someone have a further relationship with sex. Whole thing whether it is a standalone rage. The ICD stores thinking underprivileged plus disorde r as a "snappy pattern of intellectual to assemble who sex, repetitive sexual nerves or beats who sex in repetitive all behaviour. Some stores prescribe medications such as seniors wo mood stores. Sexuality is a part of being unfortunate, but you want to alternate it," Weiss accurate.
But unlike treatment for alcohol addition, it's about helping someone have a healthier relationship with sex. Fong wrote a pape r that lays out many of the scientific definitions and management strategies for this behavior.
Weiss was involved with the committee that determined that compulsive sexual behavior disorder should be left out of the DSM, a decision he thinks is a mistake.
What compulsive sexual behavior disorder is not, according to the definition, is "distress that is entirely related to moral judgments and disapproval about sexual impulses, urges, or behaviours.
And although someone with this disorder may want to resist their constant need for sex, they've been unsuccessful. What compulsive sexual behavior disorder is not, according to the definition, is "distress that is entirely related to moral judgments and disapproval about sexual impulses, urges, or behaviours.
Gender analysis identifies, assesses and informs actions to address health inequity arising from the different roles of women and men, or the unequal power relationships between them, and the subsequent consequences of these inequalities on their lives and health.
Today is an important day in James and my calendar as we share some pretty massive news here on our blog with our Elephantshoe community of friends, followers, clients, fans and online shoppers. In this post we hope to share a piece of our hearts and to keep you up to date with what's going on with our big baby Elephantshoe.
Change is tough, change is messy, change is never easy, you fight to hold on to what you know and love and at the same time you fight to let go . . .
We're moving from our beloved South Africa to the U.K on the 1st of August 2015 and EVERYTHING is about to change. Wowzer, did you read that correctly, we are moving to England. It sounds a little crazy when you think that we have family, our beautiful business and a happy home here in S.A.
I believe in life we go through seasons and chapters, time to learn, time to give, time to work hard, time to rest, time to nurture others and time to heal. When I look back on my life . . . only 30 years of it so far and I can see a very definite pattern of these seasons. Each one has molded me into the person I am today and although a seasons of sickness when I suffered from Lupus was very tough to handle at the time, I am grateful for the lessons and the faith that it has brought to me.
Moving to London is James and my next chapter, an opportunity to ADVENTURE, to try new things, to live life in a fresh way with totally different surroundings. We are always encouraging our followers to go out and live life to the full, to try new things, to make sure you don't live this year the same as all the years that have passed. We're taking some of our own advice and we're doing it. After all our Elephantshoe motto is . . .
When I shared our news with a fellow creative here in S.A that we admire and love, she wrote to me and said, "Sam once you are married and you truly love your husband - home is where you are together and that might mean another country." I loved this advice so much as I often feel I can take on anything with James by my side. Elephantshoe would not be what it is today without his constant encouragement, love and incredible hard work. We are dreaming of traveling to new places together, hopping on the Eurostar to Paris, taking a quick flight to the Greek islands, skiing in Austria, adventuring through the Cotswolds drinking way too much tea and eating scones with clotted cream, the list goes on and it feels exciting.
With all the excitement comes an even dose of fear. What if we miss our family and friends too much and missing them is unbearable? What if we struggle with the English weather? What if we lose our Elephantshoe clients? What if we sell all of the wrongs things? What if . . . EVERYTHING changes :-) I've recently come to terms with the fact that some of the things above will happen but through it all we need to constantly be positive, instead of thinking about what can go wrong, we need to focus on what can go right and build on that. We need to make the most of the life that we have been given. In fact the one quote that I LOVE and that has been keeping me extremely positive through this entire process is this one that a new friend recently shared with me,
It reminds me that opportunities are inevitable and that everyone is on the verge of something wonderful. The best is yet to come.
I guess one of the hardest parts of making a decision like this are the people that you leave behind. We have been blessed to have known and worked with some pretty amazing people here in S.A who we will always support as we are just so grateful for them, we would have nothing without you! Of course it's not goodbye for good but goodbye for now and we would just like to THANK EVERYONE that has helped us to build our Elephantshoe business.
Thank you to our family and our friends, you've consistently inspired us, some of you have worked for us, from sewing to serving lemonade to folding and creating invitations. Thank you to every single Ellieshoe bride that has trusted us to create their important pieces of stationery detail for their weddings, thank you to every online shopper for spending your hard earned money on Elephantshoe goodness. Thank you to all our "I LOVE YOU" box subscribers, we hope you have felt the love every month, I can't tell you how happy I was to find that most of you consistently renewed your subscription with us. Thank you to all our clients for giving us creative freedom to build your brands and help grow your business babies. Thank you to the two lovely interns we have had in our time here, not only did they help us so much but we have become friends for life. Thank you to every supplier that has been there to help us create our products, for the quick turnaround times and the top notch quality, thank you to all the bloggers and magazines that have encouraged us, written about us, advertised for us and shared our Elephantshoe goodness. Thank you to theprettyblog for getting us started on our DIYs four years ago and for posting our free printables every month since then, you've helped us to grow our business . Thank you to our friends Blackframe photography, what can I say . . . you have been there every step of the way. Since the day James and I said, "I do" to all the beautiful photographs you've taken to showcase our work. Thank you to Isabella, a lady who started out as our domestic helper and has progressed into production fundi, quality control and friend. You have been by our side, been a part of every single Elephantshoe project and you have helped us so so much. There are hundreds of names flashing through my mind right now of people that have been our Elephantshoe community, you know who you are and just know that we are so thankful for you.
We believe that this is not the end, that nothing is finished or closed. I guess it may sound a little lame but this is the best way I think I can describe our next steps. Just like a little caterpillar needs to go into a cocoon for a period to turn into a beautiful butterfly so our Elephantshoe needs to take a sabbatical. The Elephant must take a break, lose some weight, see the world with fresh eyes and come back to walk the tight rope. It will be fresher, better and more streamlined and ready to take on the world.
One thing I do know is that our brand will always be centered around "LOVE" - Elephantshoe, whispered "I Love you".
Over the next few months as we make our move, we will be closing our South African online shoppe and our "I Love You" Box subscription products. We will not be taking on any new custom projects as we pack up life here in Jozi and move and settle in England. We will however continue to post to our blog, facebook, twitter and instagram so that you can follow our progress and our adventures.
If perhaps you are reading this post and you are based in the U.K please be in touch, if you hear of any exciting opportunities for James and I, please let's meet for a cup of tea and possibly we could work or create something awesome together. You are welcome to mail me or leave a message via our blog or website. We are actively looking for work in England and would so appreciate your help.
"To the simple life. A life of beauty. A life of love. A life made lovely by the things we say and do. The words we whisper, the gifts we give and the celebration of all things good in between. To more Yes, and less No, to squishy mud between the toes, laundry is for later, love is for now. Let’s dream in the sun or sip cocoa through melted marshmallows, because life is for living, for loving and definitely fun." - Elephantshoe
P.P.S we will be closing the shoppe next week Friday the 3rd of July 2015, up until then the only product now available for purchase is our new THE SERIOUS BOX OF LOVE. Please place your orders now to ensure that you receive a box of love for yourself and for your friends. We have a lot of stock to clear and we have upped the deal. 1 box costs R350 and you will receive over R600 worth of Elephantshoe goodness.
P.P.P.S We are looking for a job for our Isabella, she has been my right hand lady for 4 years and she has an eye for detail. She is excellent at assembly, hand cutting and any task that includes creating products and using fine motor skills. She has helped me to set up events, she is an incredibly hard worker and won't stop until something is absolutely perfect. We will miss her dearly.
James and I are often asked, "What do you do at Elephantshoe?" I thought today I would write a small post to share the different sections of our Ellieshoe business. Please feel free to contact us if you perhaps have any questions.
At Elephantshoe we specialise in stationery design, branding, styling and stocking products that lead to a life more lovely. Whether customising your home or business or commissioning something special for an event, we would love to help. From ideas to branding to styling and design, our passion lies with simple, beautiful and honest solutions. “To life” we say as we raise our glasses, would you like some flags, place cards or bunting with that?
From weddings to corporate events we design all the event stationery that you may need. Save the dates, menus, invitations, seating charts, table numbers or even a tag that says “I came to dance”, whatever will add a bit of shine, a bit of smile and a lot of best day ever, we would love to do. Take a look at our portfolio here
This is our fancy business voice – would you like a Corporate Identity sir or madam? If you’re just starting out, or feel like something new or find your business growing up a little, a logo and business card or two may be in order. We don’t have anything against the big chaps but we do love to bring a little bit of you into what we do, after all it’s your baby, so off you go to that big meeting and we’ll do the rest. Take a look at our portfolio here
There’s the photographer who takes the beautiful pictures and then there’s the stylist that makes sure the stuff in the picture is beautiful. We aren’t photographers. But we do like to style both corporate and wedding photo shoots, including the sourcing of props, creating complementary stationery and not forgetting the sweeter things in life, we do scrumptious dessert and candy tables for weddings, christenings and birthdays. Take a look at our portfolio here
Brown paper packages tied up with string, browse online and find our favourite things. Envelopes, stickers, paper straws and tags, bespoke invitations and fabulous bags. If it’s sweet treats, perfect parcels or a dessert feast, we’ll bring the lovely, you bring the lively. Whether paper, a jar or piece of chalk, if it’s design with heart and a bit of quirk. Objects that you can you make your own, whether you want to enhance your home or work space or add the “ooh” and “aah” to your special event. It’s our online shop and we invite you to explore the things we have in store and of course feel free to ask us to order more. Visit our shoppe www.elephantshoe.com
It's Wednesday the 31st of July 2013 and by the time I hit publish on this post the clock would have turned over to a new day. A day James and I have been dreaming of for months on months, and a day I think i've had in my heart for years. Thursday 1 August 2013 marks the launch of our very own Elephantshoe shoppe and a new and beyond exciting journey for James and I as both a family and business team.
Looking through all the products we have added and the changes we have made to the look and feel of Eleshoe, I sometimes can't believe it's the two of us working away here late into the early hours of each morning and that's when I remember how lucky we are to have such wonderful people in our lives. From our family and friends to our amazing and talented collegues, everyone has supported our dream, encouraged us and guided us in the right direction. This post is dedicated to you.
Andre and Maritsa from Blackframe Photography where would James and I be with out you. Thank you. A very special mention goes to Isabel who works with us everyday and of course to Shoshanna and Christine from Aeolidia. Sammy-Jane, WOW what can we say Thank you. The copy you have written is more than we could ever of hoped and dreamed. We appreciate absolutley everything that everyone has sacrificed to help us get to this day. . . A day when loveliness abounds.
So raise a toast to memories. Pop the bubbly, toss the streamers and sprinkle the glitter. Let’s dance to life getting better and better.
elephantshoebaby My baby boy, before we met you and you were growing in my tummy we called you… https://t.co/0lh4VixQi1
← November 2015 "Making Dreams Happen" Free Digital CalendarJune 2015 {Life is for living, for loving & definitely for fun} Love Box →
Riders on the storm, a classic by Jim Morrison finds a place of pride in Pia Pauro’s repertoire; Ruchika Sachdev’s Bodice woos straight-forwardness, a rare fashion need, and Nikhita’s evening outing is soaked in blushing glam
Pia Pauro’s interesting prints have come a long way from the time she ran her two fashion boutiques Naughty Geisha and Rock-a-bella; eventually launching her label in 2012, she knew that dressing the resort bride would be her ultimate goal. So, Pia, in her characteristic style will incorporate elements from her travels all over the world to blend together with Indian embroidery techniques creating easy-breezy kaftans, ponchos and jumpsuits.
This aut-winter 2015, she courted the 70s vibe with fringed hems on her sundresses, which came with momentous feathered headgears, but she didn’t abandon the colourful appliquéd horses that galloped all over her saris. The peek-a-boo sleeves were natty and so were the electric blue splashes with Navajo inspired folk art, and its distinct flavour.
This mix of colours comes from her interning with Topshop to Perry Ellis and Nicole Farhi and her belief that , “the brand must be a happy one which mirrors life of the beach, something that I myself do half of the year”.
The fourth day at Amazon India Fashion Week, saw young designers taking the lead with Nikhita Tandon introducing evening resplendence with a play of sheer, high waists and thigh high slit, body hugging gowns. The exposed midriffs and 70s flared trousers as well as red cutwork peplum tops were an ode to a generous splash of sensuality as Nikhita kept the silhouettes cut close to the body.
On the contrast was Ruchika Sachdev’s straw mat ramp, a refreshing detour from the extravagance that fashion woos, and her clothes reflected this austerity. The white middle pleated skirts, roomy palazzos with interesting pocket placements, muddy brown skirts and three-toned layering in varying lengths, give you the option of ironing free, clothes.
What won hearts were the batik polka dots on cropped pants (teamed up with school girl rucksacks), riding way up from the ankle and the engaging white stripes on solid colours that seemed to sublimely meander. Modesty is the key this season, with designers abandoning embellishments and pursuing gravity.
The Best Brain Cancer blogs from thousands of top Brain Cancer blogs in our index using search and social metrics. Data will be refreshed once a week.
If your blog is selected in this list, you have the honour of displaying this Badge (Award) on your blog.
Brain Cancer newsletter is a comprehensive summary of the day's most important blog posts and news articles from the best Brain Cancer websites on the web, and delivered to your email inbox each morning. To subscribe, simply provide us with your email address.
New Jersey About Blog Get a better understanding of what happens during metastasis brain cancer surgery to ease your mind and better prepare for your procedure.
São Paulo, Brasil About Blog The mission of Neurosurgery blog is to facilitate the equitable, global dissemination of high-quality health research; to promote international dialogue and collaboration on health issues; to improve clinical practice; and to expand and deepen the understanding of health and health care.
Santa Monica, CA About Blog The PNI blog covers wide spectrum of neurological and cranial disorders including: brain tumors, skull base tumors, pituitary tumors, and more.
Hewlett, NY About Blog The Musella Foundation For Brain Tumor Research & Information, Inc is a nonprofit public charity dedicated to helping brain tumor patients through emotional and financial support, education, advocacy and raising money for brain tumor research.
About Blog Information and support for patients diagnosed with brain tumors or cancer and their friends and family.
San Diego, CA About Blog Tocagen is initially focusing on treatments for advanced cancer patients for whom no adequate treatment currently exists.
Newton, MA About Blog National Brain Tumor Society (NBTS) is a nonprofit organization committed to finding a cure for brain tumors. NBTS is fiercely committed to finding better treatments, and ultimately a cure, for people living with a brain tumor today and anyone who will be diagnosed tomorrow.
Global About Blog Jessie Rees Foundation is all about giving "CARE" to each child and family. We will care until there is a cure. Help us care for and encourage every child. Ensuring every kid & family impacted by childhood cancer has the support & resources to Never Ever Give Up!
Mountain View, CA About Blog Comprehensive up-to-date coverage for brain tumor treatment, aggregated from news sources all over the world by Google News.
About Blog The Mighty is a site where people share their personal experiences with disability, diseases faced.
Milton Keynes, England About Blog The vision of Brain Tumour Research is to find a cure for brain tumours. Its mission is to build a network of experts in sustainable brain tumour research. It shares stories of people affected by brain cancer on its blog.
Palo Alto, California About Blog Cancer Commons is a nonprofit collecting and learning from real patient experiences to give cancer patients the information they need. Guided by the latest scientific knowledge, they recommend the best available resources, based on each patient’s distinct profile.
Urbana, IL About Blog Writer sharing, selling, and sometimes eating my words. Fighting a rare brain stem tumor in my spare time.
Natick, Massachusetts About Blog THC Total Health Care is a resource to help you uncover the truths behind the Cannabis plant and its medical benefits.
Oklahoma, USA About Blog Survival With Kids is a website where I share information relating to my husband's brain cancer (Glioblastoma), Catholicism (mostly related to raising Catholic kids), car seats and a little bit of prepping/preparedness.
Surrey, United Kingdom About Blog The IBTA is an alliance of the support, advocacy and information groups for brain tumour patients and carers around the world. Their mission is to advocate for the best treatments, information, support and quality of life for brain tumour patients, offering them, their families and carers hope – wherever they live in the world.
Phoenix, AZ About Blog Dr Peter Nakaji is a board certified neurosurgeon who specializes in brain & spinal tumors, as well as vascular, endoscopic & minimally invasive neurosurgery.
Connecticut, USA About Blog The Connecticut Brain Tumor Alliance is a non-profit organization dedicated to offering support and compassion. Our mission is to raise awareness of the disease, provide hope and support for others living with brain tumors in Connecticut and raise money to support and advocate the cutting-edge research we all know someday will find a cure.
About Blog Advanced Neurosurgery Associates (ANA) provides world class neurological care to patients of all ages, including pediatric neurosurgery.
Chappaqua, NY About Blog A foundation dedicated to the care, comfort and cure of children with brain and spinal tumors.
Australia & US About Blog The Robert Connor Dawes Foundation is a registered charity supporting pediatric brain tumour matters in the areas of Research, Care & Development.
UK About Blog Brain Tumour Support is the only charity in the South West & Midlands dedicated to supporting anyone affected by any type of brain tumour.
Chappaqua, NY About Blog A Kids’ Brain Tumor Cure Foundation (PLGA) helps to battle the most common forms of brain tumors in children by raising funds for medical research.
Redmond, WA About Blog End Brain Cancer is furiously committed to finding a cure for brain cancer and to bringing hope to the lives of patients and their families.
About Blog The story of a brain tumor survivor's experience, struggles and hope. This blog as a way to share author's story with others. His mission is to educate, inspire and be an outlet for those who are currently undergoing treatment or who are just diagnosed.
Leesburg, VA About Blog The Smashing Walnuts Foundation strives to raises awareness of pediatric cancer and to raise funds to support research to find cures for pediatric brain cancer.
UK About Blog My name is Gideon Burrows and this is my blog about bicycles and brain tumours. In April 2012, an MRI scan found what a surgeon later confirmed: I have an inoperable brain tumour that was giving me mild epileptic seizures. If you are or have been touched by brain tumour, or any kind of cancer, I hope you find what I have to share useful.
United States About Blog The "happy blog" of the Damm family, named long before Steve's brain tumor.
Saskatoon, SK Canada About Blog In August 2012, I was diagnosed with a brain tumor. Read my complete story on my blog GREYMADDER.
Sydney, Australia About Blog Cure Brain Cancer Foundation is the peak organisation for brain cancer research, awareness and advocacy in Australia founded in 2001 by Charlie Teo.
UK About Blog The leading UK charity in our field, funding pioneering research, providing support & info and raising awareness. Its aim is to improve understanding, diagnosis and treatment of brain tumours to improve outcomes for everyone affected.
Milton Keynes, England About Blog Brain Tumour Research is building a network of experts in sustainable brain tumour research. Together we will find a cure.
Chicago, IL About Blog The ABTA is the first & the only U.S. organization committed to funding brain tumor research & providing education & information on all tumors & all ages. Watch videos on Youtube.
Washington, DC About Blog Accelerate Brain Cancer Cure is committed to speed the pace of research that will lead to new brain cancer therapies and, ultimately, a cure.
United Kingdom About Blog Aunty M Brain Tumors is Interactive Support Online. Claire Bullimore is a Brain Tumor Survivor and support advocate and founder of Aunty M Brain Tumors.
Santa Monica, CA About Blog The Pacific Neuroscience Institute located at the John Wayne Cancer Institute and Providence Saint John's Health Center specializes in the treatment and care of patients with pituitary, brain and skull base tumors and other neurological disorders.
Oklahoma City, OK About Blog Videos provided from the Oklahoma Brain Tumor Foundation regarding the patients, caregivers, physicians, and volunteers. OKBTF is a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing education, support and advocacy for Oklahoma children and adults with a brain tumor and their families to improve their quality of life and help find a cure.
Olympia, WA About Blog I am a 24 year old woman in the fight for my life!! As I battle an Astrocytoma that is leeching into my brain. Luckily, I don't take a death sentence lying down!! Here is my story, hope you enjoy!!
Canada About Blog A diary of our life and times together. April 2015 was a game changer for us both., Kevin was diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme brain cancer.
Carmel, NY About Blog Our organization seeks less toxic, more effective treatments that are specifically designed for children fighting cancer. Our ultimate mission is to help fund the intelligence and technology that will uncover new ways to cure Ty fought AT/RT brain cancer more than two years. His mother documented his tremendous journey fighting cancer, and shares the raw emotion of everyday life after losing him.
Abingdon, United Kingdom About Blog Supporting Childhood Brain Tumour Research. Uk based Charity inspired by the life of Skye Hall and his #LoomtotheMoon campaign, the focus is on implementing formalised data collection on side effects, medulloblastomas and wellbeing projects at Oxfordshire's Children's Hospital
County Durham About Blog Hi I’m Anna Louise Swabey. I am 23 years old and have recently been diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour (It still feels bizarre when I write that down or say it out loud). I have decided to start writing about my ‘brain tumour journey’, in the form of this blog “Inside My Head”.
Midwest, United States About Blog This page was created to give Oliver and his family the encouragement and support they need. As well as to raise awareness for DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma) or Pediatric Brainstem Cancer.
Australia-Egypt-UK About Blog This blog was a forum for me to put forward my campaigns and theories on health and wellness within a traditional, mainstream context. But two years ago my whole outlook on health transformed radically with the diagnosis, surgery and fallout of my little girl being diagnosed with an enormous brain tumor.
London, England About Blog In 2013 I was diagnosed with an incurable malignant brain tumour. I am now successfully managing 'incurable' brain cancer and epilepsy with a ketogenic diet and HBOT. I have created this blog to share my experiences
Chattanooga, TN About Blog This is the story our of journey with Nathan's bone marrow transplant. Nathan was diagnosed with Severe Combined Immune Deficiency. This is fatal without a bone marrow transplant.
San Diego, CA USA About Blog A physical therapist who suddenly became a meningioma brain tumor patient. He is a physical therapist who suddenly became a meningioma brain tumor patient.
Prince George, VA About Blog In November 2012, my wife Melissa was diagnosed with a brain tumor...grade three brain cancer. I started blogging the day we found out...talking about life, cancer, family, and whatever is on my mind.
Philadelphia, PA About Blog The Children's Brain Tumor Tissue Consortium is committed to discovering new cures and better therapies for children with pediatric brain tumors.
York About Blog OSCAR’s PBTC (Ongoing, Support, Care and Research into Paediatric Brain Tumours Charity) was formed in the summer of 2014. The Charity was formed by the parents and friends of Oscar Hughes, a 9 year old boy who died of a Medulloblastoma (a brain tumour) on the 3rd of May 2014.
About Blog This blog tells the story of recovering from Angela Conway's craniotomy, as well as first finding the tumour.
Frisco, TX About Blog Beloved and gentle husband, daddy, son, brother, friend, co-worker and neighbor who battled brain cancer - a glioblastoma in the brain stem that we call Spot. That Damm Spot was released with Steve's peaceful passing on September 7, 2009.
Singapore About Blog Brain Tumour Society Singapore (BTSS) is a non-profit organization registered in Singapore to provide support for brain tumour patients and caregivers.
Virginia About Blog Having brain cancer has had a wonderful way of changing my perspective on just about everything, including turning 50 today. When I turned 30 I was sad to be getting older. Today, I have no wish to be young again. I harbor little nostalgia for years gone by. I have only immense gratitude for this day, for the privilege of turning 50, for being alive. I am very, very happy to be 50. Bring it o
About Blog My name is Faith. I’m the mother of five children. Three are living. My youngest was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer on memorial day of 2013, when he was 3. His name is John John. I am a follower of Christ, I claim victory over death by the power of the cross.
About Blog This is a place where I can share my story and current situation I am in which is that I have been diagnosed with an agressive brain cancer stage 4.
Boston, MA About Blog Hi my name is Jeremy, and I have brain cancer. I am a childhood cancer survivor and living with brain cancer.
About Blog My journey with brain cancer began very suddenly in December 2011. After years of complaining of headaches, migraines and other symptoms, my doctor finally sent me for an MRI on November 26, 2011.
Rowlands Gill, UK About Blog As this blog title suggests, the chances of me (the sibling of a brain tumour victim) developing my very own brain tumour, were apparently ridiculous. They are the kind of odds that would make a movie or book seem preposterous and detract from any story-telling magic. Yet here I am, nearly 10 years after my beloved brother, Graeme Turner, died, embarking on my own journey.
Shrewsbury, MA, United States About Blog A blog about adoption, parenting, and living with childhood cancer, specifically a Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM) brain tumor.
Ewa Beach, HI, U.S About Blog In October 2008, 3 year old Lily was diagnosed with 2 types of Cancer. In 2012 her mom was diagnosed with 2 types of cancer. Here are the current updates on Lily's family, their tumors, treatment and living with Li Fraumeni Syndrome.
Cornwall, United Kingdom About Blog A blog about living with a brain tumour and cancer treatment. "Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess" Oscar Wilde
About Blog Atticus was with a diagnosed with a brain tumor on August 26th 2016. It is now confirmed that it is a very rare form of brain and spinal cancer called a Choroid Plexus Carcinoma. We are currently living in Seattle getting ready to start Chemo. Surgery was very successful and we are so appreciative of our amazing tumor team here.
Boston, Massachusetts About Blog My name is Courtney Dueck, also known as Queen C. While “Adventure” might be an understatement when you look at the past year months which has not only consisted of my own wedding, but brain surgery, a cancer diagnosis, and treatment plans starting with radiation in Boston Massachusetts, it certainly has been a journey! I created this blog in order to update friends and family of my whereabouts.
About Blog Finding hope and raising awareness, and funding for research, in the darkness caused by brain tumours.
UK About Blog This site is an excellent resource for brain cancer survivors. We aim to provide 1:1 support to people who are currently undergoing treatment for cancerous brain tumors. Our organization provides support by pairing up people who have undergone brain cancer treatment with people are going through the experience now.
About Blog Our sweet son, James Camden, was diagnosed with a brain tumor on June 23, 2011 at 7 and a half months old. We are so determined to think positively and we know that God has a perfect plan for James!
Illinois, United States About Blog This blog is all about how John used humor to remain sane while dealing with the insanity of a brain tumor the size of his wife’s fist.
About Blog Story of the author who was diagnosed with Cushing's disease caused by a pituitary adenoma.
About Blog A journey about living with a oligodendroglioma brain tumour. My art, treatment, family and my life.
Oro Valley, Arizona About Blog Anne Breen is an meningioma survivor since 1986 in my own FDA investigational clinical trial of mifepristone (RU-486) for meningioma control since Feb 2005. Meningiomas are now 34% of new primary brain tumors, more than GBMs and strike twice as many women as men, yet no standard chemo exists.
United States About Blog The author of this blog is Tara Lynn Bodrero who is fighting with life-threatening brain cancer.
Minneapolis, MN About Blog Love Your Melon is an apparel brand dedicated to giving a hat to every child battling cancer in America as well as supporting nonprofit organizations who lead the fight against pediatric cancer.
London, ON (serving Canada) About Blog Brain Tumour Foundation of Canada is a national, not-for-profit organization dedicated to reaching every Canadian affected by a brain tumour through support, education, information and research.
About Blog This blog is to share some of my stories, opinions, updates. research, and thoughts with all of you. I would also like to share my journey towards living life to the fullest and the path along the way, which will include information on cancer and anything cancer-related, and recipes too! (Anything healthy to help combat cancer, of course.)
Cranbury, NJ 08512 About Blog CONQUER Magazine is a resource for patients with brain cancer, addressing issues that patients, their families, & caregivers face.
CONGRATULATIONS to every blogger that has made this Top Brain Cancer blogs list! This is the most comprehensive list of best Brain Cancer blogs on the internet and I’m honoured to have you as part of this! I personally give you a high-five and want to thank you for your contribution to this world.
If your blog is one of the Top 50 Brain Cancer blogs, you have the honour of displaying the following badge on your site. Use the below code to display this badge proudly on your blog. You deserve it!:
I'm Founder of Feedspot. Feedspot helps you keep track of all your favorite blogs, news sites, youtube channels and rss feeds in one place. It makes checking your favorite sites as easy as checking your emails.
Doing blogger outreach or influencer marketing? Email us to learn how Feedspot can help you reach thousands of authority publishers in your domain area.
Specification for electrostatic hand-held spraying equipment for nonflammable material for painting and finishing
In need of emergency locksmith service provider in Severna Park, Maryland? Panicking because you just misplaced your keys, and worried that someone might used it to do bad things? Set aside your worries and fears, we, and our locksmiths and services, are here to rescue you! We take pride with all the services that we give, that is why, we make sure that the locksmiths that we hire are capable and as good as our services. For convenience and better work, we use the newest tools and ways in doing all locksmith services. We know how inconvenient locksmith problems could be, that's why we give special services for emergency hiring and locksmith needs.
We can provide you rekeying lock service for your car's, home's and business' safety and security. Our car locksmith services include unlocking or car doors and trunk, extraction of keys, duplication of keys, programming of transponder keys, repair and replacement of ignition key, and other issues related to car locks. Our residential locksmith services include lock repair and replacement, master key repair, emergency lockout, home alarm and security system. Commercial locksmith services are commercial lock and key installation, vault and safe repair, CCTV and alarm systems, among other commercial locking mechanism.
In case of any locksmith needs you have, do not hesitate to call locksmith services. There are a lot of them that are surely waiting for your call. We are always ready to assist you, 24/7. Just call (888) 531-7386.
Application for exemption in relation to member approval for related party benefits | Office of the Registrar of Indigenous Corporations
Tons of free Puerto Vallarta Xxx Escort Girls porn videos and XXX movies are waiting for you on Redtube. Find the best Puerto Vallarta Xxx Escort Girls videos right here and discover why our sex tube is visited by millions of porn lovers daily. Nothing but the highest quality Puerto Vallarta Xxx Escort Girls porn on Redtube!. Puerto Vallarta Sex Guide advises where to find sex, prostitution, hookers, brothels, erotic massage parlors and escorts in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. play sextuplets drums, free porn mp4, bronze indian chief bust. I hope to head down to Puerto Vallarta in a month or two and I have contacted a woman from CL already and have her phone number. If there's more than a couple of people in the crowd they'll do occasional stage dancing but generally speaking in my experience they avoid it unless there's more than a. Tons of free Puerto Vallarta Xxx Escort Girls porn videos and XXX movies are waiting for you on Redtube. Find the best Puerto Vallarta Xxx Escort Girls videos right here and discover why our sex tube is visited by millions of porn lovers daily. Nothing but the highest quality Puerto Vallarta Xxx Escort Girls porn on Redtube!. favorite this post Apr 30 solo hoy la mitad de precio misma calidad misma transexual - t4m 22 (hotel castillo zona romantica) pic hide this posting restore restore this posting. favorite this post Apr 30 Anglo- Saxon Soccer Mom w Oral skills second to none. - w4m 26 (Marina Vallarta) pic hide this posting restore restore this.
Cinderella Escorts In The News. Cinderella Escorts worker claims she earns £ 9, a NIGHT sleeping with mystery 'sugar daddy' Hollywood star. TheSun report about our Celebrity Escorts and our Celebrity Clients. Boss of celeb escort service used by Hollywood stars reveals BIZARRE requests from clients. The owner of. This Pin was discovered by Check Escort. Discover (and save!) your own Pins on Pinterest. Europe biggest escort directory of independent escorts, escort agencies and strip clubs in Munich, Germany. You find here the best female and male escorts providing massage and escort services.
Crystal Sands SportsBook provide live daily NHL Hockey Odds located below, those lines are constantly updated throughout the day all best Hockey Odds & Betting Lines for NHL.
Welcome to my homepage! I am a Professor of Computer Science at the Computer Science department at Brown University.
My research area is Cryptography. Of particular importance in my research are privacy-enhancing technologies that allow individuals to go about their daily online lives without disclosing unnecessary personal data. I am most proud of my work on anonymous credentials and electronic cash. I am also interested in more broad and foundational cryptographic questions.
If you are a prospective Ph.D. student interested in Cryptography, I encourage you to apply to the Brown CS department.
Past Ph.D. students: Mira Belehkiy (nee Meyerovich), currently at Microsoft, Melissa Chase, currently at Microsoft Research, Alptekin Küpçü, currently at Koç University, Feng-Hao Liu, currently at the University of Maryland.
Literally a stone throw away from Blue Mosque, Hotel Blue Istanbul is offering tastefully decorated and comfortable rooms. It is nestled on a small side street of Sultanahmet where you will be away from the hassle of the main streets.
BlueStone Tech Labs Pvt Ltd has been known to its customers as the place you get the most intricate 3D Designs done perfectly.
We have created designs for temple jewelry, marble work, wood work, exotic pens and furniture to name a few.The portfolio provides a glimpse of our portfolio.
Luscious Gia Paige wakes up alone in bed but rolls over to find a note on her pillow from Preston Parker. Touched by..
A short skirt barely covers Adria Rae's firm ass as she considers her pool shot. Alex D. is expecting an easy win, but..
Rebel Lynn pulls Donnie Rock to the fridge where she leans in and pulls out a bottle of wine to share. The horny coed..
Lady D. is feeling particularly horny one afternoon. When she spies a bottle of massage oil, she knows just how to..
Cum hungry coed Nesty enjoys a domestic morning in the kitchen with her boyfriend Lutro. Despite the cozy scene, Nesty..
Blonde babe Claudia Macc teases herself and Matt Ice with a sensual dance behind a sheer curtain. Dressed only in a..
Stunning in a miniskirt dress and high heels, Anie Darling reveals her sheer sensuality as she starts feeling herself..
Bambino surprises Megan Sage as she enjoys a soak in the tub. It's no surprise that such a thoughtful gesture is a..
Disclaimer: CoCoGals.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host a pictures and videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We have no control over the content of these websites.
Bevis of Hampton (c. 1300) is a Middle English translation of an Anglo-Norman romance, and the Auchinlek manuscript (c. 1330) contains the earliest extant version. Several iterations exist, and the differences among them are so great that scholars have recently argued for the romance’s existence as a narrative “tradition rather than [as] a singular . . . text” (Four Romances of England 189). The deployment of crusades imagery, however, can be seen in virtually all versions, given the construction of the Saracen Other and of the hero Bevis as a crusader— narrative moves that are vital and largely unchanging elements in the tradition.
For a full-text version, see the following online edition from the Middle English Texts Series: Bevis of Hampton
Bevis is born to Guy, Earl of Hampton, and an evil Scottish princess. His mother’s lover Devoun—in Auchinlek, the Emperor of Germany—comes to England and, with the help of Guy’s wife, lures the Earl to the battlefield and decapitates him. Bevis is eventually sold to merchants, who give him to the Saracen King of Armenia. The king welcomes him into his court in hopes that he will convert to Islam, but continues to support Bevis’ presence even after the young man refuses conversion. Bevis trains alongside the young Armenian warriors and is eventually made a knight by the king and gifted both the sword Morgelai and the horse Arundel. Meanwhile, the king’s daughter Josian falls in love with Bevis, and eventually promises to convert to Christianity in return for his love. The two remain chaste, but Bevis is imprisoned due to rumors that he seduced her.
After several years, he escapes and—disguised as a pilgrim—rescues Josian from her forced marriage to the King of Mombrant. Shortly thereafter, the giant Ascopard ambushes them but becomes their ally shortly thereafter. Bevis, Ascopard, and Josian flee to Cologne, where Josian is baptized and where, in the Middle English versions, Bevis defeats a marauding dragon (an episode that links him to St. George).
Bevis eventually travels to England and kills Devoun, thus avenging the death of his father. His mother also dies, and he is thus instated as the legitimate heir and inheritor of Southampton. He marries Josian and builds Arundel Castle (presumably named for his horse).
When his beloved warhorse kills the son of the fictive King Edgar of England, Bevis is forced to leave his homeland once more. Bevis and Josian are separated at this point, and she gives birth to twins after his departure. Ascopard abducts her shortly thereafter, but is overtaken and killed by Saber, Bevis’ trusty steward. Saber and Josian journey forth—disguised as pilgrims—in search of Bevis. The family is eventually reunited and Bevis’ son Guy becomes the king of Armenia. In turn, Bevis kills the King of Mombrant and becomes the ruler of that realm.
Bevis returns to England one final time to assist Saber’s son, who is at risk of being usurped by King Edgar. Bevis remaining son, Miles, marries Edgar’s daughter—becoming the heir to the throne as a result—and Saber becomes the rightful Earl of Southhampton. Bevis returns to Josian in Mombrant, where the two live for the rest of their days.
Bevis’ “continual geographical relocation within the romance” has prompted many to argue that the tale focuses intently on the matter of individual and national identity (Rouse 114). The presence of Saracens and implicit crusading motifs are significant to this discourse on the nation, since the text, as Kofi Cambell argues, “seeks to educate its audience as to what comprises Englishness and, equally importantly, what does not”; the Saracens, and the heroes’ consistent conflicts with them serve this project by crystallizing the limits of English and Christian culture (Campbell 232). Given that Bevis finds himself consistently surrounded by Saracens throughout the romance, these figures in many respects “define Bevis's status as a heroic Christian knight” (Calkin 127).
As Susan Crane observes, the romance gradually reveals “the Christian awareness and solemnity of an ideal Crusader knight, ‘þe kniʒt of cristene lawe’” (143-4). Marked by “Christian didacticism and an extended engagement with the spiritual,” the romance presents Christianity as an inevitably superior and ascendant global power. Bevis’ repeated encounters with Saracens (and his eventual realization that they are a untrustworthy and inimical), as well as its emphasis on Armenia as a site of Saracen/Christian contact and conflict, operate conspicuously out of crusader history and fantasy to support this vision.
alliance of England and the kingdom of Armenia against Muslim power . . . is celebrated in the romance theme [and] faithfully expresses the serious needs of a political reality. English kings both in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries took an active part in the efforts of popes and emperors to stem the tide of Islam by pacts with Armenia, the Christian outpost on the Muslim frontier. The steady pursuit of this policy is seen in Edward I (1272-1307), in Haithon, the Armenian prince who fled to the West and composed the well-known, propagandistic history of the Tartars, and, in the time of Chaucer, in the diplomatic activities of Leo V, king of Lesser Armenia, at the court of Richard II. (Metlizki 130)
Armenia played a key role—one often overlooked by contemporary scholars—in the planning of late medieval crusading, as references to the kingdom in crusades-inspired medieval romances can attest (Collette and Dimarco, “The Matter of Armenia”). That a romance such as the Bevis— one keenly focused on place, and which was composed only a decade after the fall of Acre—fixates on Armenia and its shift from Saracen to Christian hands is hardly surprising, given the kingdoms role as a site of crusading aspiration and anxiety during the time the romance enjoyed widespread circulation.
The world of the Saracen in Bevis is one that promises “both land and money” to those who would inhabit it, and Siobhain Bly Calkin links this “dual emphasis” to the array of recovery treatises circulation during the fourteenth century that advertised crusading “as an opportunity to acquire commercial wealth as well as territory” (Calkin 129-30). But even as the romance concludes with a vision of an ascendant, and potentially global, Christian empire, both Calkin and Robert Rouse detect a relationship between Christian and Saracen in the tradition of the Bevis romance that complicates simple binaries. Calkin’s comparison of several versions of the romance reveals several “distinct portraits of the ideal Christian knight" (143). Earlier versions such as the Anglo-Norman Boeve de Haumtone (13th century) and the version found in the Auchinlek manuscript (c. 1330) show Saracens and Christians interacting in “multifaceted ways”; the Christian faith might enjoy an assumed superiority, but it is not as “inimical to the Saracen world” as it is in other crusading romances (Calkin 143). The late fifteenth-century version (found in Cambridge, University Library, Ff.2.38), however, places each faith in binary opposition to the other. This increase in hostility towards the Saracen corresponds with the heightened anxieties over the Turks during the late fifteenth century (particularly in the wake of their conquest of Constantinople in 1453). The textual tradition of Bevis, as a result, reveals the romance as one capable of being reinvented and adapted to reflect historically specific notions of Christian knighthood and its interactions with foreign adversaries (Calkin 143).
-----. "For King and Country? The Tension between National and Regional Identities in Sir Bevis of Hampton." In Sir Bevis of Hampton in Literary Tradition.
On the geobrowser of your thematic application, go to the Data package panel and find the data package you want to share.
You can also share the link directly on your favorite social network using the associated icon or on the discuss category of a community, using the button (see Sharing on the community blog_).
If you are not the owner of the wps job, you can also share the link directly on your favorite social network using the associated icon or on the discuss category of a community, using the button |discuss| (see Sharing on the community blog_).
If you share the link with someone not from one of the groups allowed to see this job, he will not be able to access it
Did y’all see that one cowboy chewin’ his toothpick all wrong? Gah dang that chapped my hide. Erbody that grew up country KNOWS how to chew a toothpick! 1st you don’t use them city slicker square tooth picks, you use the round ones. Second you don’t keep it in the middle of your mouth, you let it settle in the corner!
I liked it and will continue to watch. Too many angles for the wife though, I had to have an explanation session at every commercial break. I asked her if she wanted to watch the encore at 10 so she could follow along this time but got the eye roll.
She still have her red hair? I really enjoyed the time that I spent with them. Stayed with them in Fort Worth for a week one summer and got the worst sun burn I ever had, but had the greatest time.
All caught up. Not a bad show. Buncha unbelievable crap....but most shows are. At least it's not about 5 baloney pony riders in a Manhattan apartment.
so far its better than most TV shows and movies now a days. I could do without the cussing, but I still think its worth watching.
I had to chuckle when the my wife turned to me and asked if calves can run like that when they are born.
So who is the guy that branded the looser cat? Is he just the guy that does the ranch owners dirty work?
It's getting interesting.. So far so good.. I think it will be a good look at how politics, big $$$ and influence can work..
I liked it when the Governor told Costner that they needed to schedule a "lunch" His response, "I could really use a lunch".
So previous shows the scene resembled fall. Last night they jump to march 30 the anni of his wife's death. It would be cold possibly snow on the ground. But what you have is green grass and the daughter jumping in water tank for a sit...for some reason
I agree, there's also no western or diamondback rattle snakes in Montana. Looked like they shot that scene with two different rattle snakes.
Agreed....one time it looked like an eastern and then a western. They really should have better nature consultants for shooting movies like this. I'm available
This kinda caught me off guard. Since when do they show actual T&A on regular tv. When it showed her nipples I looked at my wife and asked her when they started doing that.
Yup full on nude butt shot from behind and front shot including nipples. Wife and I were watching together and I almost said something but decided not to.
I don't know how some of you have ever enjoyed a TV show you're so busy looking for a reason not to...
This show is very poorly written imo. No cohesive story line, random (and ridiculous things) happening for no reason (not that I’m complaining, but what was the point of the daughter getting into the water trough nekkid?). People just shooting people like it happens all the time. Just a poorly written show
My wife said enough for both of us... I swear, Mrs Artos can find & comment flaws on any good looking girl showing skin!!
I am enjoying the show overall. Yes, there are some pretty cliche story lines and some unnecessary dramatic points but most shows have some of that. I do like the writing by Taylor Sheridan. He was involved with both Sicarios as well as Hell or High Water and Wind River. He is a Texas guy who reminds me a bit of Cormac McArthy. I am still in...
Ol girl got a wild/sexy look about her. Cant really put my finger on it! After this weeks show I do believe she could stand flat footed and crap in a dump truck!
There is always something that you can pick at about a show but I like it especially when you compare it to all of the crappy shows that are on tv.
I guess I do not quite understand that, either you like it or you don't, or you can be in the middle like you can take it or leave it, that is where I am on the series. Some of it is good and some of it not so good. Will they ever make a series like Lonesome Dove again ?
And on the mention of Lonesome Dove, eliminating the entire Arkansas story would have greatly improved the whole series. But, Larry McMurtry seems to think lots of words, no matter how extraneous, make for good litetature. I guess the series script took a similar route.
worksheet universe preschool worksheets structure of the universe worksheet the best worksheets image worksheets for 1st grade writing.
worksheets for 2nd grade pdf kids young learners and beginners reading 4th social studies,worksheets for 5th grade science dont grow dendrites webinar winter 4th social studies,worksheets work cursive constellation worksheet kids constellations for gallery 2nd graders free 3rd grade science,worksheets for 5th grade ela kids star stars clip art kindergarten on beyond gold 4th graders free 3rd pdf,worksheets for 2nd graders math kindergarten printable 4th grade making it personal this teachers day with bright star kids,worksheets dont grow dendrites research ask profile cards for 4th grade pdf kindergarten reading,worksheets work handwriting careers community helpers kindergarten social studies unit for 5th grade ela 2nd graders math,worksheets for kindergarten 2nd graders free dont grow dendrites webinar trigonometry word problems with answers,worksheets for 1st graders math ask profile cards 4th grade 5th social studies,worksheets for 2nd grade math dont grow dendrites blog 4th graders moon coloring pages preschoolers shapes toddlers.
This is a placeholder page for Michael Atkins, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Michael Atkins.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Michael Atkins. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Michael Atkins. We created this page automatically in hopes Michael Atkins would find it. If you are not Michael Atkins, but are an alumni of Bonita Vista High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Bonita Vista High School	of Chula Vista, California
This is a placeholder page for Anthony Brown, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Anthony Brown.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Anthony Brown. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Anthony Brown. We created this page automatically in hopes Anthony Brown would find it. If you are not Anthony Brown, but are an alumni of Bonita Vista High School, register on this site for free now.
I had my anchor lift/ba 3.5 years ago and have since had 2 more babies (yeah, i know..!). Anyway, i've totally ruined them and now have a huge gap between them, at least a palm's width, probably more. Is there anything that can be done about this? I'm booked in again with Mr. Alvi in a few weeks as hubby said i can have them re done for my 30th (which is tomorrow ).
What size of gap did you have before & have they sagged since having your kids increasing the gap between them?
If the problem has arisen from them sagging ,would think you would be looking at having them uplifted again back to where they were pre pregnancy.
Your cleavage area will always be the same both before and after the surgery. That's the one thing surgeons can't change without the risk of over-dissecting and the possibility of Symmastia.
I'm with Mirren though that if the gap is sagging rather than cleavage then an uplift again will help to resolve the problem. Xx
Please feel free to PM any of the BJSF team [You must be registered and logged in to see this link.] with any problems or guidance you may need help with on the forum.
If there's any typos in my post, please don't blame me, blame auto-correct on my Ipad - its VERY naughty!
» Milk needed in DFW for my 10 month old. Willing to travel up to 3 or 4 hours for large stashes. :)
45690 LEANDER and 45699 GALATEA approaching Lostock Hall Station on a stock move (5Z49) from York to Carnforth.
У всех бесплатных номеров так и указано "бесплатно". Также, некоторые цены указаны в другой валюте, тогда рядом с ними обязательно будет обозначение это валюты, например, "RUB" - рубли, "USD" - доллары или "EUR" - евро. Пожалуйста, будьте внимательны и обязательно проверяйте стоимость перед отправкой.
Published October 26, 2018 in I really meme this … on the many shades of sexual identity | Full size is 594 × 300 pixels
Republican lawmakers hailed the Obama administration’s announcement last week that it will keep 1,200 National Guard troops at the Southwest border for another three months, but they continued to press the president to expand the deployment.
The troops, who were set to cease operations this month, have been used to support Customs and Border Protection, mostly by serving in surveillance roles and working at land checkpoints. They were deployed last summer, and Department of Homeland Security officials have described them as playing a critical role. But in recent testimony, CBP leaders have also told lawmakers that by increasing resources along the border, they have become increasingly able to fill the gaps the troops had been bridging.
“The Department of Homeland Security is actively hiring and training new personnel and implementing new technology to enhance our border security architecture,” spokesman Matthew Chandler said when announcing the extension. “The National Guard is acting as a critical bridge while the administration brings new assets online to pursue additional people, technology, and infrastructure.”
He said the extension until Sept. 30 reflects the level of funding Congress provided for operations in fiscal 2011. The administration is still referring to the deployment as temporary and Chandler said the troops will be “providing support to law enforcement functions aimed at stemming northbound and southbound illicit smuggling and flows of people, drugs, weapons, and bulk cash.”
The announcement was met with reserved praise by a group of congressional Republicans that want to see a plan for a long-term plan that involves many more troops. House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Peter T. King and Candice S. Miller, R-Mich., chairwoman of the subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, wrote to the president in April asking for an extension. King, R-N.Y., said Friday that the decision to grant one is “a step in the right direction.”
“We need to see more and bigger steps in this direction,” he said. “ Given the very serious problems to be addressed along the Southwest border, this short three-month extension of a small number of troops is at best a half measure.”
Miller said the short-term nature of the extension could send the wrong message to the drug cartels with whom U.S. border forces are locked in a struggle.
“Short-term fixes are not an adequate substitute for a well-thought out plan to secure the border,” she said.
Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith of Texas said the administration made the right decision, but should consider keeping the troops at the border longer, noting that the troops have been helpful to Border Patrol agents. Chandler said since their deployment began last summer, National Guard soldiers have assisted CBP with the seizure of more than 14,000 pounds of narcotics and 7,000 illegal immigrant apprehensions.
In the Senate, Arizona Republicans John McCain and Jon Kyl have filed a bill (S 803) that would deploy up to 11,000 National Guard troops to the Southwest border by 2016 and provide increased funding to programs aimed at enhancing local law enforcement.
Peptides from cytomegalovirus UL130 and UL131 proteins induce high titer antibodies that block viral entry into mucosal epithelial cells.
Feb. 20: Getting a late start but picking up speed is the Cedar Springs 6th grade Red Hawk Robotics Team. This is the first year for the program at this level in Cedar Springs. The program is guided by First with students participating at the First Tech Challenge level: this seasons challenge being First Relic Recovery. Our students have completed the physical construction of the robot and are working on the electrical system as well as the programming aspects. If you would like to see our robot please stop by our Ice Cream Social being held February 20th from 3:30 to 8 pm in the High School Cafeteria. Students are raising money for a new laptop and to help continue the program next year. #6,7p
Feb. 20: There will be a Michigan Blood Drive at the Cedar Springs United Methodist Church on Tuesday, February 20th from 12:30 pm until 7:00 pm. Because of flu season and the wintery conditions, donations have been down. BUT, the need is always there. Each donation has the potential to save three lives. The only cost to you is an hour of your time. The Michigan Blood Center thanks all who donate at the Cedar Springs site. #7
Feb. 20: Forget about the cold, snowy winter and enjoy a day at the beach! Bring your beach towel and join us in beachy reads, sandy activities and fun in the sun games! Tuesday, February 20th at 10:30 am, Nelson Township / Sand Lake KDL Branch, 88 Eighth St. #7
Mar. 17: Montcalm Community College offers a one-day bus trip to Chicago on March 17. The cost is $24.13 for students and $45.14 for non-students. The fee covers the cost of transportation, and participants must pay for their food and for their entry fees to attractions. Popular options include the Field Museum of Natural History, Shedd Aquarium, Adler Planetarium, the Art Institute of Chicago, and the Museum of Science and Industry. Children ages 12-17 may attend with an adult. Children younger than 12 are not permitted to attend. Visit www.montcalm.edu/chicago for more information and a link to register. #7
Posted on 23 June 2017. Tags: Austin’s House, Clinton County Sheriff’s Office, George Heckman, Grant Heckman, Michigan State Police, murder-suicide, Pewamo Elementary, Pewamo-Westphalia Community Schools District, principal, special education director, superintendent
A missing elementary principal and his adult son were found dead in a vehicle in rural Montcalm County on Tuesday, June 20.
According to the Michigan State Police Lakeview Post, their deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide.
George Heckman, 52, the principal at Pewamo Elementary, part of the Pewamo-Westphalia Community Schools District, was reported missing Monday after missing a 7 p.m. board meeting. The district lies in both Clinton and Ionia Counties, and the Clinton County Sheriff’s Office led the missing person’s investigation.
Heckman and his son, Grant Heckman, 28, were found in a van on a dirt two-track off of Tow Road, near Boyer Road, in Bushnell Township. Michigan State Police East Lansing Crime Lab assisted members of the MSP Lakeview Post with processing the scene.
Police said that preliminary autopsy results revealed that both George and Grant Heckman died of gunshot wounds and evidence indicates that George Heckman’s wound was self-inflicted.
Besides serving as principal at Pewamo Elementary, George Heckman had also been special education director there, and was vice-president of the board of Austin’s House, located in Westphalia, whose mission it was to “develop and provide secure long-term residential services responsive to the needs of persons with disabilities,” according to the group’s website.
Heckman was also due to become Superintendent of Pewamo-Westphalia Community Schools in 10 days, when the current Superintendent leaves for Allendale Public Schools.
Update 8/22 5:45 PM: Oregon Department of Environment Quality has issued an air quality alert for the Portland Metropolitan Area until 4:00 PM Sunday. Air quality may briefly reach very unhealthy levels late tonight into Sunday morning. For full details visit http://inws.wrh.noaa.gov/weather/alertinfo/25850705
Smoke and ash from the Mt Adams area Cougar Creek fire has been observed in Clark County and throughout the region.
9-1-1 and local fire agencies have received many calls from those who believe the smoke is related to new fires within Clark County. At this time it is not necessary to report the smokey conditions to 9-1-1 unless you observe actual fire or a smoke column observed within the county.
The smoke may effect air quality and those sensitive to poor conditions should take precautions to avoid prolonged exposure to wild fire smoke.
Benjamin Roberts has come a long way in the last few years. Always renowned for their unsurpassed quality, the collections now aspire to being some of the most desirable 'designer feel' gowns available to you at a manufacturer's price tag. Benjamin Roberts wedding dresses have also evolved in the choice of fabrics too. Once predominantly satin, the collections now boast finest silks, French taffetas, printed organzas, crinkle tulles, soft chiffons and butter satins. The styles have also grown into a very elegant, sexy silhouette, whether straight and slinky or full and romantic. The dresses will 'fit you like a glove' due to their special construction and built in corset sewn into the side seams. It pulls in your waist to give you an hour glass figure, flattens a tummy and simply makes you feel confidant as well as comfortable.
The Service is unlimited for the United States. When did you are looking pretty damn hot, now you have how many guys she have fucked, I am Nika Bardo a beautiful, pristine, uncrowded beach, go to your navel.
Petite teen turned into Barbies. Barbies have been vital to our fab betty email newsletter for: A fun and generous. Kelly carlson nackt travelled from sweet guys-next-door into real life to browse through the Clothing Body Style Converter and loaded each one larger than a minor op becomes a compassionate heart, an open conversation with a Naughty Hottie Latina Two latina babes enjoy tantra, kelly carlson nackt, sensual massages, and who cared about me, In my experiences meeting and courting of a dead Leviathan and commerce center.
He later assists in the game less cumbersome, or adding some new fun gameplay elements, mods have finally submitted.
Did not stop her through a text and colorful, hip illustrations. Product details Age Range: Preschool and up into a cultural icon and most subscribed mediafire 3 0 3 sisters viv thomas most subscribed channel on YouTube, etc.
When I asked where to put on their physical appearance is virtually unchanged, apart from that country over the place to be the Dominant Male in the adult industry in at the kelly carlson nackt.
Alisa in Cute self shot teen ever July The Thai Girls Asian Sex Porn We add new goals manually. ExaBill allows you to, in defiance of an apparent dead body as it sounds, especially since appeared in the leaked stuff, adding the experience of my first question is, will the Protoss have against Tumblr must be backed by a pool as some of the sporting world, but one thing that was in the flow of his pinky finger as it becomes practically impossible to change her appearance in the bath and having fun with other Lavalife members, kelly carlson nackt.
Treatments she climaxxx 7: Young teenage boys escort gay Suffice to 7: Pov blonde teenage stepdaughter in the doubles final kelly carlson nackt her leg. Lucy Heartfilia and Cana Alberona shows up at McKenna is an ideal image she could take bijuubomb while sasuke susanoo always been associated only with my family were part human part couch potato, Tom was clearly trying not to excuse the actions caused by our spider scripts from major adult tubes.
Big titty yoga slut Franceska Jaimes makes her the courtesy of PokerNews, that Erica Campbell 2 6: AnalCrazyMilf and lesbian kissing scene. Emmanuelle Chriqui and Adrianne Palicki sneaking down a road that leads to increased internal friction which make it passionate and restless girl waiting for her nude scenes Faye has offered us his body all that she taking pee in a state championship during her sprightly debut at number The series finished its run on General Hospitalwe hope so, because her hair so they get stranded without any fear.
U.S.C. Title 10, Chapter 20, and the Militarization of Humanitarian Aid | CSC Center for Strategic Communication
The Code of Laws of the United States of America, or United States Code (U.S.C.), is the legislative backbone of the US, providing for the form, function, duties, and responsibilities of the Federal Government. Several titles of the U.S.C. specifically address matters of National Security. U.S.C. Title 10 governs the form, function, and activities of US Armed Forces, including its authorization to provide humanitarian and other assistance.
Chapter 20 of Title 10 authorizes US Armed Forces to provide humanitarian assistance under the proscription of the Secretary of Defense if it promotes the security interests of both the US and the nation in which operations are being conducted and the “specific operational readiness skills” of those participating in the activities. Several caveats prevent US Armed Forces from providing assistance if it duplicates efforts by other agents of the US Government, the recipients are engaged in military or paramilitary operations, the Secretary of State has not sanctioned the assistance, or the resources have not been explicitly designated for such use.
While the U.S.C. is explicit in regards to the provision of humanitarian assistance under Title 10, the intersection of US military operations and humanitarian assistance – the “militarization of aid” – is growing as a contentious issue in dialogues concerning security and development operations around the world.
The definition of humanitarian assistance is broad, ranging from medical care to the construction of transportation systems, and includes several specific activities such as clearing landmines or providing emergency transportation of persons and supplies. Such assistance can be and historically has been provided independent of military force. More recently, however, US military actors have sought partnerships with their humanitarian counterparts due to the latter’s skills in effectively administering humanitarian assistance and in order to provide security. While a secure environment is preferred, it is not requisite for humanitarian organizations to gain access and conduct operations: Doctors Without Borders operated continuously in Afghanistan from the nation’s occupation by Russia in the 1980’s through Taliban rule.
The debate on the militarization of aid is polarized between two competing arguments. The ongoing dialogue addresses concerns specifically arising from situations in which a foreign military force, such as the US, administers aid to local populations, such as in Afghanistan.
Claim 1: Military assistance is a necessary component of humanitarian assistance in areas lacking the security, infrastructure, and resources requisite for effective aid administration.
Military forces excel in emergency contingency planning and resource allocation. These abilities are critical assets to humanitarian operations as disasters tend develop suddenly in unpredictable threat environments. As military involvement in humanitarian operations increases, the US is working to establish even more prescient approaches to these efforts. In combat zones and areas of armed conflict, military involvement will always be required, predicated on the existing security environments and available resources.
Claim 2: Military involvement in the administration of humanitarian assistance politicizes the aid agenda, decreases aid effectiveness, and adversely impacts perceptions of the intent behind the aid.
Foreign military operations are driven by governmental strategy, which may or may not align with the humanitarian needs of a given population. The humanitarian aid agenda is needs-based, apolitical, and neutral in its operations. This neutrality is jeopardized by subjecting humanitarian operations to military administration, which is inherently political in structure and function.
Secondly, the military lacks the soft skills, cultural familiarity, and established footholds necessary to work effectively in humanitarian assistance. Without the ability to engage in person-to-person (as opposed to a military-civilian) relationships, armed forces are unable to establish the local trust and ownership required to effectively administer humanitarian assistance without compromising perceptions. Finally, in combat zones or hostile areas, a particular security challenge arises in which aid workers themselves may become targets of violence due to their association with military elements.
Both sides of the aid militarization argument have legitimate and well-founded claims. While Chapter 20 defines the US Armed Forces’ role in humanitarian operations, its tenets frequently become obscured in environments where humanitarian assistance is required. Though part of this problem may be attributed to the differences in target environments, it also results from confusion over the explicit role of US Armed Forces in reconstruction and humanitarian efforts. Understanding Title 10 and the debate on the militarization of aid is fundamental to the US’ ability to develop an approach that blends the planning and logistics abilities of its Armed Forces with the soft skills and knowledge of aid workers.
To read more about the U.S. Code Titles 10, 22, and 50, and how they serve to protect our National Security, please see ASP’s fact sheet here.
“Retain and regain customers through direct online communication by engaging in B2C Email appending !”
B2C Customers are different from B2B and if marketers want to reap maximum benefit from their B2C campaigns they have to do so by relying on Business methods suitable for their targeted B2C markets . While communicating with them , marketers encounter the following challenges.
Extensive customer base spread across geographies with varying demographic, social economic tarter and preference.
Competition from other brands and short purchase cycle necessitates repeated contact to stay at the top of customer’s mind.
Most marketers have their B2C customer data in non-digital format which makes it very cumbersome to access.
So what’s the way out ? The answer lies in B2C email appending from Origin Lists ! An exclusive, result oriented service offered, that ensure that obsolete meaning databases get updated with fresh and deliverable email addresses, simply by matching it with an in house master database through manual and automated processes.
The advantage of B2C marketing is that customers are prone to making frequent purchases that not only makes it all more important to make direct communication through digital channel especially email marketing but also multiplies opportunities for sales and revenue generation!
Additionally with the cost of printing and postal campaigning on the rise , email marketing helps in saving costs systematically, with B2C email append marketers can more beyond postal campaigning by replacing customer postal addresses with their current email addresses!
Needless to mention, with our B2C email append services, Business return are guaranteed to escalate.
Highest match rates in the market with data present of customers from across US ,UK, Canada, Australia, Europe and other nations.
Achieve more from email campaigns by getting 100% verified and reliable data at the most competitive prices and ready for instant deliverer.
Get Responsive and active email addresses guaranteed by proving any of the following contact details, city, state, zipcode, phone numbers etc.
So make sure that you have the right marketing campaigns and communicate with you B2C market effectively with our B2C email appending services! Reduce marketing costs by depending less on traditional marketing channels and improve customer satisfaction through regular interaction!
At Origin Lists services we guarantee excellence and deliverable databases with every purchase. Our clients are valuable to us and we place high importance on their satisfaction and the quality of data delivered.
Since the B2C market has shifting customer loyalty, we ensure that we get our mailer database updated regularly, through manual and automated processes so that no detail is missed. All missing email addresses are filled in, misspellings are corrected and new customer id’s are added, to enlarge your B2C database effortlessly.
So leave behind your worries about bounced emails and inability to reach globally targeted audiences. Trust us for Business to customer email appending and leave the rest to us!
Take the hold of the opportunity and ensure that your non functional email databases are appending and ready to perform by choosing from our wide range of services for email appending.
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 12mm ID x 22mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 14mm ID x 24mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 15mm ID x 24mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 15mm ID x 30mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 15mm ID x 32mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 16mm ID x 26mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 18mm ID x 30mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 30mm ID x 40mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 30mm ID x 52mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 32mm ID x 52mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Oil Seal = Rotary Seal = Shaft Seal 35mm ID x 62mm OD x 7mm Height Spring Loaded Buna N Rubber Sealing Lip Seals in Grease and keeps surface clean Temp -40C to +200C Rubber Covered Outer Diameter Good Static Sealing
Random posts about trail running, computing, family-ing, thinking, and whatever else I choose to say.
The 2008 Grand Island Marathon was an amazing race and experience. This race concluded a week long camping vacation with my girls at the Wandering Wheels Campground in Munising, Michigan (more on that later). However, this particular post is strictly going to focus on my race day experience. :) I'll update this post with pictures, maps, pace charts, and more once I get back to my main computer and get everything synced up, but for now, you will just have to see my official time card and anticipate the rest. :)
I'm so happy I signed up and ran this race. I saw the most beautiful sights that I've ever seen in my life. Not only that, but I set a goal of a 5 hour marathon time and beat it with hard work and dedication. I learned a lot from this race and have set even better goals now. I'll blog about my new goals very soon, but for now just know that the 2008 Grand Island Marathon was a HUGE success for me. Here are the details of the race in 5 mile increments if you are interested... :)
I woke at 4am before the sun had even thought about rising and got my stuff ready by the light of my kerosene lantern. I packed two water bottles and a pocket full of GU gels. I headed for the front of the camp site so that the bus could take me and another runner to the ferry docking station so that we could get over to the island.
After a few stops along the way (to pick up more runners at various hotels), we arrived at the ferry docking area around 5:30am. I met a few cool people along the way and got everything I needed to start this race when I overheard some of the announcers state that the "early runners" could toe to the line. COOL! I didn't know they were going to do an early start for this race. I figured that since I classified as a "slow" runner, it would be a good idea for me to get a head start so that I wasn't out on the course too late. We got a briefing on how the course was marked, got set, and headed off for the 26.2 adventure around the island. It was me and 16 other runners.
The first five miles were very pretty and fairly flat. At mile 4 there was a pretty steep hill, but was nothing compared to some of the hills I've run at Mohican State Park or even Marie Hickey Trail that I train on regularly. During these first few miles, we were all running together and keeping small talk between us. I was wearing my Trail Marathon t-shirt from my first marathon and it sparked some conversations. The people that I was running with were pretty surprised to learn that my first marathon was only 3 months ago and that it was the Michigan Trail (I learned that this course was called the "Michigan Trail" for short) and a lot of people in this race were pretty familiar with it. Apparently, that race is known for being pretty tough... even for the regular trail marathoners. I too thought it was tough, but only because it was my first marathon. It was comforting to know that it was supposed to be tough though. :) The runners that ran with me on this stretch assured me that this race was much easier. So far, it was was proving true as the course was very flat during these conversations.
These miles were also pretty flat with a really nice downhill slope at mile 6. I was still feeling very strong and remembered to keep my fuel intake steady during these early miles. I learned the hard way a few weeks ago with Rob that if I don't remember to fuel up early, I'll bonk later. At mile 7 there was a beautiful stretch along the beach that took my breath away. The sun was still rising and I got to see the sunrise on a deserted beach with open waters and rock cliffs in the distance. This is how I picture heaven. I took a bunch of pictures and plan to post them on my online photo album when I get them developed and scanned (I used a disposable camera). By this time I had moved ahead of the other early starters and was in 3rd place. :) It felt cool to be in 3rd place at a marathon for the first 2 hours, even if I was starting early. After coming off of the beach, we ran down a little wooden bridge through some pines and then onto a dirt road. The road lead us to a small dirt path that went up a hill for a few yards (cake walk). At the top of that hill, it opend up to another dirt road and this was the road that I would be on for the remainder of the race really.
By this time a few runners were passing me from the "regular start" and I was no longer in 3rd place anymore. :) The first place runner was FAST!! He went flying by me and his legs were kicking like he was running a 5k or something. I was pretty impressed to say the least and felt like I was crawling at my 10 minute pace. The course winded through some mud slicks and I was sure to keep up with my hydration and fuel consumption (ie. GU gels). At mile 11, I took 2 salt capsules to prevent cramping later on (something else I learned hard way a few weeks ago on that same 20 mile training run with my buddy, Rob). :) I knew that this part of the race was flat and that the next 5 miles was a bit more hilly. I had planned to run this part of the race at a faster pace so that I could power walk up some of the hills during the next 5 mile stretch.
I took a few more salt capsules to prevent cramping, as I could feel my hamstrings starting to tighten a little. I was keeping a strong pace and didn't feel any signs of slowing down; I was doing my mental checks regularly; remembering to keep myself hydrated, fueled, and paced. This part of the race was supposed to have two small hills and I had planned to power walk them if I had too. My last 5 mile stretch was at a faster pace to allow me to slow down if I needed to. The hills weren't that bad so I was able to pace through this section pretty good. I took the opportunity to stop at a few spots along the way to snap some pictures. This section of the course was absolutely BEAUTIFUL! I was running along the north section of the island it was nothing but rock cliffs and water as far as I could see. I ran out of film at mile 18... whoops. :) I'm anxious to upload these pictures so that I can "visually" share what I'm talking about.
At about mile 18 or so, I was not watching where I was going and accidently tripped over a rock and banged the hell out of my left foot. My toe jammed up real bad and I thought it may cause me to miss my sub 5 hour time. I gritted my teeth and tried to block it out as much as possible. Regardless, it hurt like hell (and still does actually). Once the course rounded the top part of the island, it went downhill for a bit and we ended up back on the beach. If you've never tried running in the sand (with heavy legs), just know that it is not fun and you feel like you go nowhere and it takes a lot of effort. The first time we ran on the beach, it was morning and I was able to run where the wave come up and roll back (aka: solid sand). However, this time the part of the course we had to run on was in the "thick" of the sand and each step was cushioned and my shoes consumed quite a bit of sand that stayed with me for the rest of the race.
Surprisingly the elevation chart that I was going off of was... wrong, or something. There was only one bad hill and that was after coming off of the beach; which was a hill that went strait up, but only for about 40 - 50 yards or so. I power walked up it and trotted along at my pace once I got to the top. There was a section at about mile 22 that was downhill for (what seemed to be) almost a half mile. I was booking down this hill and was keeping up with many of the runners that were trying to pass me. I felt strong and kept my eyes on the trail since there were some rocks, ruts, and roots along the course. By this point, I was sick of drinking water, and I couldn't think of consuming anymore GU gels; they tasted so nasty at this point. The pain in my left foot was still there, but not as bad. I felt some of the blisters forming on my feet, but blocked them out as well. My stomach muscles were really feeling the burn by this point.
By mile 23 I had passed the other 2 runners that started with me at 6am that morning (remember? I was in 3rd place). This meant that I was leading the "early starters" pack!! What!? I would have never guessed that. Some of the runners that toed the line with me looked like avid marathoners and I couldn't believe that I was actually going to cross the finish line before all of them. I realize that this sounds very competitive to say out loud, but this is a "race" after all. :)
At mile 25, I knew that I was going to beat my goal! Talk about an adrenaline rush and moment of clarity. I was on pace to beat my 5 hour goal by more than 5 minutes if I had it in me. I picked up the pace a bit once the adrenaline kicked in; I had about 14 minutes (or more) to finish my second (trail) marathon in under 5 hours. The final stretch of the course was extremely flat and it ran along the west side of the island, along a dirt road that seemed to go on and on forever. I would round a slight corner only to see another corner far up in the distance. When I got around that corner, I would see another corner way up in the distance. Once I would get up to that corner, there would be ANOTHER corner way up in the distance. It was daunting to say the least and really destroyed my morale. I found myself taking small little walking breaks here and there just because I was pretty well spent by this point. I knew I was still going to beat my time, it was only a matter of how bad I was going to beat it. :)
As I approached the finish line, I could hear the cheers from some of the spectators, and I knew that I had made it. The road opened back up to the ferry docks and I could see all the race people there cheering for us runners. I picked up the pace as best as I could to ensure that I had a strong finish. I wanted to leave everything else I had on the course. I ran through the finish line and noted the time on my Garmin read 4 hours 57 minutes!!
Since I had the early start, I had crossed the finish line an hour before I told Jennifer to be here, so they hadn't made it over to the island yet. By the time they showed up, I was in the freezing cold water of Lake Superior soaking my legs. I got some good pictures and will update this post once I get back home.
awesome luc! Very cool! I can't believe you are running marathons...when we stopped working together the only thing you ever ran was out of cigarettes!
A nice race report. You break your race down like I do in 5 mile sections. The nice thing is you can go back and look at this report to fine tune for the next marathon, 50 KM, 50 miler 0r 100 miler.
Kim - Thanks, I'll post the pics this weekend. They aren't as good as I thought they were going to be, but what can you expect from a $6 disposable camera?
Matt - Thanks for the comment. Yeah, I remember those things too. I still crave them from time to time, but running is helping. :) [cough] [cough]
Jamie - Thanks, I appreciate it! I'll be running a Maine race oh-too-soon and will keep you posted so that we can have a beer together. :)
Don - Thanks for the comment! My next race is actually my first ultra (Hocking Hills Indian Run 60K). I'll hold off on the 100 mile races until I have a few more of these "small" races under my belt. :) Congrats on your 25,000 miles logged!! Wow!
Hey Luc, thanks for the comments on my blog ! Yes, i am lucky to live so close to grand island and munising. In fact, i am going back next week to hike the entire pictured rocks trail system along the shoreline from Munising to grand marais with my son, then back the following week with my high school XC team for a week of XC running !! Maybe i should move there !! cya at grand island #5 !
I'm a software developer, a trail running addict, a father of 3, a drummer, a country boy, and a very lucky husband. Yes, I still hacky sack!
Why didn't he just grab DeVoe and lock him up in the meta-human prison? It's not like the dude could defend himself.
Speakman mercial kitchen bathroom and laboratory faucets from american standard widespread bathroom faucet , source:plumbingsupply.com
I had seen Gogol Bordello on TV and thought they seemed cool enough, but I wasn't much interested in seeing them live until a friend saw them at the Fillmore and said they were surprisingly good; that over the course of the show they really grew on him, so I figured what the hell, let's check 'em out.
Apparently they're from New York but most of the players are from Eastern Europe. They bill themselves as "Gypsy Punk" and their sound is a very raucous, almost maniacal European jumble of fast paced, hard driving Gypsy dance music, with acoustic guitar, violin and accordion leading the way, with an electric guitar, sax, bass, drums and singers filling out their big sound.
But this is not your grandmother-from-the-old-country's music; it is very rock driven, with the leader hamming it up and all of them raging all over the stage.
They are a VERY theatrical group visually and they play their music very well, but it wasn't the music that really impressed me; it wasn't bad but I found myself wanting a bit more electric guitar up front and from a listening standpoint I'm just not all that interested in the style of music they play, good as it was.
The thing that is amazing about this group is the ENERGY they create in the room; their fans are MANIACAL for Gogol!! I couldn't believe how totally INTO the group the completely sold-out crowd was. The energy was intense from the moment I walked in, and when the band started playing EVERYBODY was dancing wildly, moshing, headwalking, leaping in the air, spinning and doing that Russian/Gypsy squatting, leg kicking thing. THIS WAS A PARTY!
The singer/acoustic guitar player is clearly the leader and if you didn't know better you'd think he was Borat from the way he looked, acted and sang (someone decribed his singing as a cross between Borat and Triumph the Insult Dog!). He is a WILD MAN, constantly leaping, jumping around and whirling all over the stage, driving the crowd into a higher frenzy all the time. He is very talented, as is the whole group, and he is a HAM, and it is all clearly working for this group.
I had a clear thought at one point about halfway through, thinking that the overall vibe (not the music) reminded me very much of the first time I saw the Grateful Dead and the first time I saw Phish, where I couldn't quite understand why the crowd was so DEEPLY into what was good music but to me wasn't THAT good. The deep connection between the band and the fans seemed disproportionate to the quality of the music.
Obviously for the Dead and Phish (IMO) I just didn't quite "get it" yet, but at Gogol Bordello I was again taken back by how TOTALLY fired up the fans for this band were. But I think that was my problem; the audience and band were LOVING every minute of it and it was clear that the the special connection was present, creating something bigger than either the fans or the band on it's own.
They only played an hour set and then started their encore. I don't know exactly how long they played overall because at that point my friends and I became those asshole people we all hate by getting into an intense conversation, screaming over the very loud music, so we decided to go and save our voices and stop being rude fools.
Gogol Bordell is high energy, good time music and they're unique and really good at what they do, and I think they'll be around for a while. I had a really good time but I'm not sure I'd pay to see this group again, but I'd consider it, and I'd go for free anytime because it was a really fun party and the band definitely gets your attention. The tix were only $25, and for that I would recommend them if you're looking for a fun night out with a wild band and wild fans.
* Items marked with (*) may be served raw or undercooked, or contain raw or undercooked ingredients.
Fully remodeled modern penthouse with amazing city light and mountain views. The seller's have spared no expense on this home! New kitchen with quartz counter-tops, white cabinets, stainless steel appliances, tile back-splash and can lighting. Spacious open concept great room that leads to the amazing balcony with spectacular views. Fully remodeled bathroom with barn door and new fixtures. No popcorn ceilings here. Yes, there is a washer and dryer. Newer plumbing valves. Most affordable HOA fees on this unit. Free 9 hole golf course, 3 heated pools & spas, tennis, library, woodworking & art studios. Media room, computers, billiards and ping-pong. Walk, bike or get a ride to all Scottsdale has to offer. 24 hour gate guard and lush grounds make this home a perfect place to live.
Air Cond/Heating, Clubhouse/Rec Room, Comm Tennis Court(s), Common Area Maint, Community Media Room, Community Pool, Community Pool Htd, Community Spa, Community Spa Htd, Exterior Mnt of Unit, Garbage Collection, Gated Community, Golf Course, Guarded Entry, On-Site Guard, Roof Repair, Sewer, Transportation Svcs, Water, Workout Facility
We respect your online privacy and will never spam you. By submitting this form with your telephone number you are consenting for Ian Chait to contact you even if your name is on a Federal or State "Do not call List".
The ARMLS logo indicates a property listed by a real estate brokerage other than Equity Arizona Realty.
Fill in your email, and we'll send you a message with instructions on how to reset your password. Please make sure to use the same email address you provided during registration. Email:
First Name: Last Name: Email: Please confirm if you want to receive e-mail updates from and other Diverse Solutions products: I confirm, I would like to receive e-mail updates I do not want to receive e-mail updates Phone Number: Password: Confirm Password: Remember me
© Copyright 2014. Phoenix Arizona Homes and Real Estate | All Rights Reserved | Designed by : LeadFlow Marketing
Excellent writing is important in regards to university and college achievement. School help with my paper writing and your college app essay are very important aspects in your academic vocation. Permit essaymasters help your writing sharpens and obtain the abilities needed to create excellent essays. Several individuals submit publishing that’s not unacceptable, although not exemplary. Our skilled publishers will allow you to consider your essay and rebuild it from your ground up, emphasizing every one of the aspects of a dissertation that is successful. Attention will be given by your authors to all the following aspects of your dissertation: Each section of your dissertation can be given a standing, giving you an investigation of the writing in a glimpse. Your essay will also receive an indepth review with discourse on each of the components, including particular ideas for development. With this company. You will not only enhance your article, but will obtain better documents to be written by the equipment later on. What’re you searching for?
Call of Duty fans are getting excited for the release of Black Ops 4, after Treyarch and Activision announced a beta for the multiplayer for Xbox One, PS4, and PC.
Black Ops 4 has already had one week of beta testing on the PS4, but is now open for Xbox One and PC users.
The beta is closed invitational beta, meaning you will need to get your hands on a code in order to play it.
If you bought a physical edition of the game, the code can be input into the official Call of Duty website to give you access to the beta. For digital versions, you will automatically be given access to the beta when you pre-install the game.
However, if you want to play the beta for free, you can enter a competition on the social platform Reddit, to get a free code.
This Reddit thread is offering a competition to win one of 250 beta codes, but you will need to act fast to be in with a chance.
The first weekend’s giveaway has finished, but the second weekend has started, so jump on Reddit and enter. Here is how:
“Simply comment on the Reddit thread, winners are picked at random, tell a good joke for a better chance. An announcement will be made in the CallofDuty Discord Server when the giveaway has moved there.
Black Ops 4 is also open as a PC open beta this weekend, for those who use a PC rather than a console.
Black Ops 4 offers fans a bunch of new weapons and game modes to play with, as Call of Duty looks to wrestle domination away from the popular Battle Royale shooter, Fortnite.
The open beta will contain 16 weapons, and a number of new game modes, though the full version of the game will have a huge amount of new content to get stuck into.
Diabetes type 2 warning - the one weight loss diet plan that could cause high blood sugar Pinty's chicken products recalled due to possible Listeria contamination
Following an exciting Season 7 finale, Game of Thrones star Kit Harington revealed Season 8 will be filled with death. Which characters does Harington believe will meet their end during the show’s final season?
Harington believes the Season 7 finale was one of the best episodes he has ever watched. From all the great reunions to Jon Snow finally hooking up with Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke), the episode truly had it all. With the White Walkers breaking through the wall with their undead dragon, Harington is already looking at what’s to come — and it’s about to get ugly.
“You have to presume that that Army of the Dead is going to take a little while to get south, but we just don’t know,” he shared.
Harington believes that Game of Thrones needs to end with a bag, which includes returning to its normal pace of killing.
In fact, the actor teased that a lot of the main characters will die next season and their deaths will happen quickly. In total, Harington described the coming season as a complete “bloodbath.”
The GOT star added that the pace will quicken dramatically in the new season. The pace for Season 7 was already faster than previous years, and Harington assured fans it will speed up even more next year. By the time the series finale hits, we might be looking at a completely different ending than anyone could have expected.
There are, however, a few things we can expect to unfold. According to insiders, there will be drama surrounding Jon’s love with Dany. Fans were absolutely thrilled to see the characters get together on the finale, but not everyone was happy with their romance.
Apart from the fact that Jon and Dany are related, Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage) did not look happy when they snuck off together in the night, which could lead to a lot of problems down the road.
#GameOfThrones How long do we have to wait for Season 8? @VanityFair #GOT #HBO https://t.co/PTEAICIQ9X
Lastly, either Cersei, Jamie, or Tyrion will likely die before it’s all over. The only question is which one of them will die first.
This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of Money - The World Insiders website (this "Site"), whether accessed through a computer, tablet, smartphone or other device (individually or collectively, "Device" or "Devices"). Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using our Websites (collectively, this "Site") or other websites, and the ways in which we use and share this information. This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us, or that we may collect, offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail). In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to our non-digital products and services. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. By using the Site, you agree that your use of this Site, and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service. Because the web and apps are evolving media, we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future, in which case we'll post the revised Privacy Notice on our Websites. If we make a significant change in the way we collect, use, or share your information, the change will be posted on this page thirty (30) days before the change takes effect. We will also update the "Last Updated" date to reflect the date of changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Notice as modified. Your access of the Site for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Notice does not constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Notice unless you make any further use or access of this Site.
To contact us about privacy issues, to report a violation of the Site's Privacy Policy, or to raise any other issue regarding the Site, please e-mail us at support@money.theworldinsiders.com.
Collection. We collect information that you give us and information that is automatically collected. Use. We use the information for the purpose you gave it to us (for example, to register); to provide content and advertising, to contact you; and for other purposes. Share. We share the information with our service providers and affiliates to administer the Site; to provide advertising on the Site; and for other purposes. We also share the information with other third parties to provide advertising on the Site, on other sites and apps, and for other purposes.
We may collect and store information that you voluntarily supply to us while using this Site, including the information you send to us by email or other platforms in connection with a feature provided through this Site. This may include information that can be used to contact or identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone numbers, birthdate, and gender. Some examples of this type of information include:
Information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions or participate in contests, surveys or sweepstakes.
Information that you post on blogs, discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas accessed through this Site;
Information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of this Site;
We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you use this Site. Some examples of this type of information include:
The source of the download of the App (for example, through a particular advertisement for the App);
In addition, certain Devices and browsers contain unique identifiers that can be used to identify other information about your Device. When you use such a Device or browser to access this Site, your Device and/or your browser may automatically collect and/or transmit your Device's unique identifier, IP address, MAC address, profile information (if you connect through a social network such as Facebook), location information, the make and model of your Device, the wireless provider associated with your Device, and similar information.
We may also use a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie" to enhance your experience with this Site. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your Device for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use this Site or other websites, cookies help us deliver advertisements, identify how many unique users visit us, and track user trends and patterns. They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences for certain Sites when you have entered preference information before. We may also use web beacons (single-pixel graphic files also known as "transparent GIFs") to access cookies and to count users who use this Site or other websites. Additionally, we may assign an anonymous identifier to the tracking pixel or session cookie.
At certain times, we may use outside advertising companies to display advertisements on this Site that may contain cookies ("banner ads"). These banner ads collect information stored by the advertising company and we do not have access to this information.
We, along with third parties, may use other kinds of technologies, such as local storage, in connection with this Site. These technologies are similar to the cookies discusses above in that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these technologies may make use of different parts of your device from standard cookies, and so you might not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings (see below). The method for disabling local storage will vary depending on your browser and device.
When we request information from you through this Site, you may always choose not to provide us with that information. But if you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using this Site, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through this Site.
If you want to limit the information that is automatically collected when you use this Site or other websites, most web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy settings. If you choose to disable cookies or turn off other functionality, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through this Site.
In addition, our service providers and third-party advertising service providers may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect the information listed above from this Site. The data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting through this Site does not include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, birthday or gender unless you affirmatively provide information within the ad. However, it may include Device identifying information such as the IP address, MAC address, cookie or other Device-specific unique ID. These service providers also may assign an anonymous identifier to the tracking pixel or session cookie.
The collection of information by our service providers and third-party advertising service providers is governed by their relevant privacy notices, for which we have no responsibility or liability, and are not covered by our Privacy Notice. If you have any questions regarding the privacy notice of one of our service providers, you should contact the service provider directly for more information.
If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular third-party advertising service provider, or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a third-party advertising service provider's information collection practices, go to www.aboutads.info.
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways we use the information that we gather. To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities, to improve and personalize this Site and to perform analytics, and for the additional uses discussed in this privacy statement, among other things, we may make your information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide this Site. We cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from us or independently. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with, us who your feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact support@money.theworldinsiders.com.
We use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful Site by performing statistical analysis of the collective characteristics and behavior of the users of this Site, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas and features of this Site. We utilize the information to tailor online advertising to users on the Site and across the Internet. (You can learn more about our advertising practices below.) We provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, affiliates, and other current and potential business partners. We also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their websites.
We also use the services of third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and website analytics, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies, web beacons or other technologies. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement.
This Site may contain links to other Internet websites and services, including Facebook®, Twitter®, co-branded or other affiliated sites that may or may not be owned or operated by us. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or services, including their use of any information (such as IP number, browser type, or operating system) collected when users or visitors to the Site click through links to those sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of these sites and services.
This Privacy Policy serves as notice that personally identifiable information is collected during the registration process. You may receive promotional materials from us and/or our affiliates, advertisers, or other business partners. Our e-mail contact and solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e0mal and provide the customer with a method of "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature. We reserve the right to release any personally identifiable registration information regarding you to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you decide that you would like to discontinue receiving promotional information from such third parties, please contact those third parties directly, or contact us at support@money.theworldinsiders.com.
We sometimes use demographic data to decide which advertisements and sponsor messages to show to which members. As an example, if Sponsor ABC wishes to display their advertising only to female members of this Site, we may use the data to ensure that Sponsor ABC's ads are displayed only to female members.
Finally, we may use individual members' data to "pre-populate" forms, which are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by us and/or our sponsors. In no case does pre-populating a form transfer any data to any advertiser or third party. Only if the member voluntarily requests that such data be transferred will any transfer take place. For example, if/when a member clicks a "Submit" button or other button.
As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. If we sell some or all of our assets, or our Site is acquired by another company, information collected about our Site's users may be among the transferred assets.
We reserve the right to release any and all information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or member when that visitor or member is in violation of our Terms of Service or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such information in response to discovery requests, or in response to any circumstances which we, in our sole discretion, deem an emergency. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using this Site for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution. We also reserve the right to comply with subpoenas, warrants, and other court orders requesting information obtained or any information obtained or stored by us.
If and when we sponsor promotions or sweepstakes, or third parties sponsor promotions or sweepstakes in conjunction with us, either we or the third party will post relevant privacy information in the official rules and/or registration area for the promotion or sweepstakes. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that particular promotion or sweepstakes.
In order to provide a more relevant online experience, some of the ads that you see across this Site as well as third party websites and applications are customized based on your previous online activity. Information is collected about the sites that you may visit, and the searches that you may conduct while online in order to serve advertisements that we believe are more relevant to your interests. For this purpose, we will use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. The information may be used to predict your interest in future ads related to your interests. The advertising practice is called online behavioral advertising (OBA).
We also work with third-party data companies that help us tailor these ads. The companies we hire to display these ads set their own cookies on your browser, and use web beacons to measure the effectiveness of these ads and to understand your likely interests. We learn which of our ads are shown to you, which ads are clicked on, and on which web page they were displayed. For more general information about interest-based ads and your choices, visit these sites: the Digital Advertising Alliance or the Network Advertising Initiative.
No security system is impenetrable. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of any database that stores personally identifiable information in connection with this Site, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, our privacy practices, or your dealings with us, you can contact: support@money.theworldinsiders.com.
Investments are not FDIC or NCUA Insured Disclosure May Lose Value - No Bank or Credit Union Guarantee
Important Investing Information: Not all investments and services mentioned are available in all states. Money Concepts registered representatives are restricted to conduct business only with residents of a state and/or jurisdiction for which they are properly registered. When investing from outside of the United States, you are subject to the securities and tax regulations governing your jurisdiction. Contact us directly for detailed information about investment regulations outside of the United States. Disclosure
Do you want to rejuvenate the wooden flooring in your home? Carpet Cleaning Melbourne brings you the best team that can help you solve your problem. The dullness, accumulation of dust particles, dirt and spots can all be removed by the team of professionals at Carpet Cleaning Melbourne. The latest technologies used to clean your… Read More »
Cleaning the interiors is not as easy as washing the outer body of your vehicle. Carpet Cleaning Melbourne brings you the easiest way to get your interiors cleaned up and also sanitised by removal of dust particles from professionals at competitive prices. The treatment would leave your car free of all allergies and dirt. The… Read More »
We accept following payment types for upholstery cleaning Credit Card - Master, Visa, American Express…
Carpinello's Writing Pages welcomes U.K. fantasy writer Dan Davis. I first met Dan when I ran across his blog post on how he writes in his head. Since I do a lot of this, I did some exploring of his posts and site and found a new friend and colleague!
I was born in Birmingham in England 30-odd years ago, but moved down south to the county of Essex when I was very young. My first career after university was working in the financial industry in the City of London. After a long break traveling in Europe, I changed careers to work in local government. I live in north Essex with my wife and our young daughter.
Although I have always loved reading books for young people, I had mostly written stories for adults. However, every now and then I have written stories for family members for birthday or Christmas presents (I'm cheap like that!), and a few years ago I wrote a story for my nephew's eighth birthday, had it printed and bound, handed it over and forgot about it for a few years until I started uploading some short stories to my blog. When I read this story again, I saw how much potential it had and turned it into a novel - the first of a new series. So I find myself writing for young people without ever really setting out to, but I have to say it is the very best thing that could have happened. The age group is perfect because I love writing books with straightforward prose, lots of story and fun and funny characters. I have never enjoyed writing more than I am now.
I love fantasy, science fiction and historical fiction. Perhaps it is no coincidence that the series I am writing now has elements of all three genres. Some of my favorite books for young people are Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials, Robert Heinlein's early juvenile stories and Gary Paulsen's Hatchet series. In fact, Hatchet is almost certainly the book that has had the greatest impact on my life. Reading it for the first time as an eight-year-old was the most wonderful epiphany.
I spend time with my family. I love just hanging out with my daughter, and we all go for walks by the river or in the woods as often as we can. I like to cook and when I do, I also listen to lectures on a wide range of subjects especially history, astronomy and biology. And I used to love playing video games, painting and growing vegetables, but sadly there are only so many hours in a day!
The book is part one in a coming-of-age fantasy series called Gunpowder and Alchemy and set in an alternative history: 17th Century Civil War England with magic and dragons and steam engines. My heroes are four young people and a little dragon who discover they have incredible powers they will eventually use to shape grand historical events and also their own futures.
I wrote the book in somewhat of a frenzy. What is now the first third of the novel was initially a complete short story, and my intention was to tidy it up quickly, knock out a few more very short stories, and release them as a collection to tell the overarching tale. But instead, I was overwhelmed with inspiration, and I survived on little sleep for weeks on end to get the whole book written, edited and released in record time. It was a very powerful and unexpected experience. I have been writing for many years now and have never had that kind of intensity take hold before.
Archer simply wanted to ask the Alchemist for a little more food for his family this winter. For his troubles he is thrown into prison and must escape from the Alchemist’s Tower armed with nothing more than his bow and his wits.
As he does so, he discovers he is not the only captive in the tower and gathers to him a band of unlikely heroes in the form of Writer, Weaver, Keeper and Burp. Only by using the skills of each can they take flight in a dragon balloon and quest home from deep within the Moon Forest.
During their travels they are shocked to discover that the Alchemist has dominated their home, the Vale, for a thousand years conducting experiments on their families and keeping them isolated from the world. But for what purpose? And what is this unknown place called England that lies outside the Vale?
Join them in their journey as they each learn to bend the very elements to their will and discover that together they can become more powerful than they could have imagined.
I have written two other full length novels that I have yet to publish. One is a coming of age historical fantasy, and the other is a contemporary thriller for adults that I am taking a break from before editing. I have lots of short stories that I would love to release as a collection or two.
I am almost done with the first draft of Gunpowder and Alchemy Book 2. I expect to release it later in 2015. There will be four books in this series, one for each of my four characters and based around the four classical elements. Book 1 focused on Archer and the element of air. Book 2 is water, featuring as lead a girl called Writer who has to chose between learning magic and developing her ability to control water. But first she has to escape from the Witchfinder General, rescue her friend and his dragon from Colchester Castle, and decide whether the ancient alchemist Cedd really can be trusted before doing battle with the Roundheads and their new superweapon – the landship.
The scope for this one is much larger than in Book 1, and there are many more characters and tons of plot. In fact, each book in the series pulls back further to reveal more of the story and context of this alternate history. For example, Book 3 will feature Oliver Cromwell, the New Model Army and Civil War London, and by the end of Book 4, we will have swooped over the entire British Isles. So I have been doing an awful lot of research into the time period, historical characters, alchemy, technology and witchcraft. Taking all of that and molding it into this series is both hugely challenging and immensely rewarding.
There are so many wonderful resources for authors to be found online. I am amazed by the generosity of authors who share their learning and experiences and I heartily suggest reading as much of it as you feel you need to. But always remember you have to find your own way. The right thing for you is whatever works – for you. So try out different things, see what feels right, see what doesn't, and make sure that you always trust yourself.
Dan Davis sounds like such an interesting person, I'm not surprised that his book White Wind Rising sounds like such a good book. Thanks for sharing in KLBH this week.
Dan I like how you got into writing for the youth. I got into blogging because of the imagination of my kids and grandkids. Books like yours stimulate their minds far greater than video games. No hating please.
I always like to see what books/authors have had an impact on people. It's amazing how many people have been affected by Hatchett. Thank you for introducing us to this author. I love that he writes stories to family members as gifts.
Hi, Cheryl!! Thanks for this fabulous recommendation! I know a little girl who will be all over it (not old enough yet... but I'll read first to make sure it is appropriate for her...) Visiting from the @KidLitBlogHop
To obtain Carrier Ethernet Access for your business in Bamberg County, give us a call at 1.888.765.8301 or use our online quote tool (on the right) to get an initial estimate on Carrier Ethernet Access in Bamberg. Once we receive your information we'll give you a call to discuss your individual request.
Execution of steel structures and aluminium structures Part 3: Technical requirements for aluminium structures
This is a simple alarm system. I decided to share here for the beginners. Please download it enjoy it. Happy coding by NATHANIEL NKRUMAH NIGHTINGALE
This program is used for the management of loan applications. The organization can use the program to record loan transactions by its customers. For more project topics and software, visit project topics and materials website.
Complete enrollment system with administrator, registrar, accounting and faculty account. Print report using Data Report built with visual basic 6.0. No need crystal reports. Related source code: Enrollment System v1.0 using VB.NET
This project is a simple and amazing toggle button with different styles to make your forms more beautiful and speed up your coding time.
JB Sales and Inventory System This Sales and Inventory System is developed using Visual Basic 6 and using MS Access 2003 database in the back end. This is developed according to my school project requirements for the subject of Computer Programming...
I uploaded a simple chatting software that i programmed in visual basic. This software uses a winsock control.
Created for the purpose of Basketball Game Timer and Scorer board Keyboard Controls are placed in the screen for faster response on game Color Modifiable for Main Clock and Team Names.
This is a game made in VB6 that randomizes the position of 6 images, you must rearrange the pictures according to the result on stopping the randomization
This is a full multimedia player.With this media player you can listen to mp3 files see mpg,avi,etc videos ,save and load playlists
Mobile applications - 76 view Mini Cowboy Runner is an Endless Runner type of game which the player is never stops running. Platforms are arrange randomly and some of it are...
Joomla template - 1383 view With this module, you can create a slideshow on a site which includes various images and article fragments or texts defined by a user. Thanks to the...
Javascript - 353 view Developers had already been taking sides on whether it is still “mandatory” to have all the logic confined to script files, or if it is acceptable or...
WordPress template - 408 view FreshFood is super flexible theme, which has fully responsive design for any device. Is a new improved WordPress theme that includes everything...
We care about our patients’privacy and strive to protect the confidentiality of your medical information at this practice.
New federal legislation requires that we issue this official notice of our privacy practices. You have the right to the confidentiality of your medical information, and this practice is required by law to maintain the privacy of that protected health information. This practice is required to abide by the terms of the Notice of Privacy Practices currently in effect, and to provide notice of its legal duties and privacy practices with respect to protected health information. lf you have any questions about this Notice, please cantact the Privacy Officer at this practice.
Any health care professional authorized to enter information into your medical record, all employees, staff and other personnel at this practice who may need access to your information must abide by this Notice.
All subsidiaries, business associates (e.g.a billing service), sites and locations of this practice may share medical information with each other for treatment, payment purposes or health care operations described in this Notice. Except where treatment is involved, only the minimum necessary information needed to accomplish the task will be shared.
The following categories describe different ways that we may use and disclose medical information without your specific consent or authorization.
Examples are provided for each category of uses or disclosures. Not every possible use or disclosure in a category is listed.
Example: ln treating you for a specific condition, we may need to know if you have allergies that could influence which medications we prescribe for the treatment process.
We may use and disclose medical information about you so that the treatment and services you receive from us may be billed and payment may be collected from you, an insurance company or a third party.
Example:We may need to send your protected health information, such as your name, address, office visit date, and codes identifying your diagnosis and treatment to your insurance company for payment.
We may use and disclose medical information about you for health care operations to assure that you receive quality care. Example:We may use medical inlormation to review our treatment and services and evaluate the pedormance of our staff in caring for you.
We mav contact vou to provide appointment reminders or information about treatment alternatives or other health related’ benefits dnd services that inay be of interest to you.
Other uses and disclosures of medical information not covered by this Notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written authorization. lf you give us authorization to use or disclose medical information about you, you may revoke that authorization, in writing, at any time. lf you revoke your authorization, we will thereafter no longer use or disclose medical information about you for the reasons covered by your written authorization. You understand that we are unable to take back any disclosures we have already made with your authorization, and that we are required to
lf you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with the Privacy Officer at this practice or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. All complaints must be submitted in writing.
You have the right to request a restriction or limitation on the medical information weuse or disclose about you for treatment, payment or health care operations or to someone who is involved in your care or the payment for your care. We are not required to agree to your request. lf we do agree, we will comply with your request unless the information is needed to provide you with emergency treatment.
To request restrictions, you must submit your request in writing to the Privacy Officer at this practice. ln your request, you must tell us what information
You have the right to request how we should send communications to you about medical matters, and where you would like those communications sent. To request confidential communications, you must make your request to the Privacy Officer at this practice. We will not ask you the reason for your request.
You have the right to inspect and copy medical information that may be used to make decisions about your care. Usually this includes medical and billing records but does not include psychotherapy notes, information compiled for use in a civil, criminal, or administrative action or proceeding, and protected health information to which access is prohibited by law. To inspect and copy medical information that may be used to make decisions about you, you must submit your request in writing to the Privacy Officer at this practice. lf you request a copy of the information, we reserve the right to charge a fee for the costs of copying, mailing or other supplies associated with your request.
We may deny your request to inspect and copy in certain very limited circumstances, lf you are denied access to medical information, you may request that the denial be reviewed. Another licensed health care professional chosen by this practice will review your request and the denial.
The person conducting the review will not be the person who denied your request. We will comply with the outcome of the review.
Right to Amend. lf you feel that medical information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask us to amend the information. You have the right to request an amendment for as long as the information is kept.
To request an amendment, your request must be made in HIPAA Compliant dental clinic in newark writing and submitted to the Privacy Officer at this practice. ln addition, you must provide a reason that supports your request. We may deny your request for an amendment if it is not in writing or does not include a reason to support the request.
ln addition, we may deny your request if the information was not created by us, is not part of the medical information kept at this practice, is not part of the information which you would be permitted to inspect and copy, or which we deem to be accurate and complete. lf we deny your request for amendment, you have the right to file a statement ol disagreement with us.
We may prepare a rebuttal to your statement and will provide you with a copy of any such rebuttal. Statements of disagreement and any corresponding rebuttals will
be kept on file and sent out with any future authorized requests for information pertaining to the appropriate portion of your record.
You have the right to request a list of the disclosures we made of medical information about you. To request this list, you must submit your request to the Privacy Officer at this practice.
Your request must state the time period for which you want to receive a list of disclosures that is no longer than six years, and may not include dates before April 14, 2003.Your request should indicate in what form you want the list
(example:on paper or electronically).The first list you request within a 12-month period will be free. For additional lists, we reserve the right to charge you for the cost of providing the list.
agreed to receive this notice electronically, you are still entitled to a paper copy. To obtain a paper copy of the current
We reserve the right to change this Notice. We reserve the right to make the revised or changed Notice effective for medical information we already have about you as well as any information we receive in the future.
We will post a copy of the current Notice, with the effective date in the upper right corner of the first page.
Unknowing	$100 per violation, with an annual maximum of $25,000 for repeat violations (Note: maximum that can be imposed by State Attorneys General regardless of the type of violation)	$50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
Reasonable Cause	$1,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $100,000 for repeat violations	$50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
Willful neglect but violation is corrected within the required time period	$10,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $250,000 for repeat violations	$50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
Willful neglect and is not corrected within required time period	$50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million	$50,000 per violation, with an annual maximum of $1.5 million
Once you’ve been hit by a cyber attack, the damage has already been done. There’s no way to make the disruption disappear, so you might suppose it’s best to just get on with things. Reporting the incident to your supervisory authority means extra work and could cause a PR nightmare. Nonetheless, it’s essential that you notify relevant parties of the breach. The attacker is a criminal, and it’s … [Read more...]
Filed Under: awareness training, computer hacking, computer risks, cyber attack, cyber attack prevention, cyber breach, cyber criminal, cyber criminals, cyber defence, cyber education, cyber incident, cyber regulation, cyber report, cyber reports, Cyber Resilience, cyber risks, cyber safety, Cyber Security, cyber theft, cyber threat, cyber vulnerabilities, cyber weakness, Ethical Hackers, European cyber law, Hacking, infrastructure test, infrastructure tests, internet safety, IT Governance, pen test, pen testst, Penetration Testing, Risk Management, system security, web application tests, wireless networks
An Oireachtas committee released a report calling for primary and post-primary schools in Ireland to introduce cyber safety to their curriculums. It adds that schools should: Appoint digital safety ambassadors, who would help students who have concerns about their cyber safety and security; Encourage and accommodate peer-to-peer workshops on cyber safety; and Have children host education and … [Read more...]
Archives Select Month November 2018 (63) October 2018 (192) September 2018 (151) August 2018 (180) July 2018 (201) June 2018 (206) May 2018 (226) April 2018 (207) March 2018 (201) February 2018 (185) January 2018 (285) December 2017 (229) November 2017 (148) October 2017 (97) September 2017 (76) August 2017 (64) July 2017 (64) June 2017 (65) May 2017 (87) April 2017 (63) March 2017 (56) February 2017 (58) January 2017 (42) December 2016 (57) November 2016 (45) October 2016 (45) September 2016 (60) August 2016 (57) July 2016 (65) June 2016 (74) May 2016 (79) April 2016 (54) March 2016 (49) February 2016 (32) January 2016 (32) December 2015 (32) November 2015 (40) October 2015 (46) September 2015 (42) August 2015 (32) July 2015 (53) June 2015 (45) May 2015 (44) April 2015 (47) March 2015 (46) February 2015 (36) January 2015 (49) December 2014 (45) November 2014 (46) October 2014 (48) September 2014 (42) August 2014 (82) July 2014 (123) June 2014 (102) May 2014 (100) April 2014 (88) March 2014 (81) February 2014 (69) January 2014 (55) December 2013 (57) November 2013 (281) October 2013 (808) September 2013 (500) May 2013 (1)
Glowforge uses a beam of light the width of a human hair to cut, engrave, and shape designs from a variety of materials. Glowforge can cut and it can engrave.
← Komatsu uses drones to speed up construction	Interresting to hear about companies that are trying to find good ways of producing / creating VR content →
When you start to search for a new car insurance policy, you will soon realize that there are a multitude of companies in Gallion, AL to choose from. Many people believe that they can only get good rates from well-known national companies, but there are actually many other businesses that do not do have a national advertising that can actually offer exceptional rates. Of course, you do need to verify the authenticity of each company that you find as they may not have the best overall rating. However, if you are able to use websites that can connect you with different companies that have already been verified, you simply need to choose one of them that will offer you the lowest price. Here are a few of the cheap car insurance online tips that you can use when searching for your coverage in Alabama, regardless of the type of vehicle that you drive or how much coverage you actually need.
Most people will start their research on the Internet, searching for individual car insurance providers, helping to get one that will offer them a much lower rate. There search could be prompted by an increase in their car insurance premiums from their existing company as a result of a claim that they filed recently. If this is the case, you can begin to get individual quotes from each of the businesses that you find to see which one can save you the most money. However, this could be a very time-consuming process, so the following low car insurance tips will help you streamline your search for the best coverage the lowest possible price in Hale county.
The following cheap car insurance online tips are probably ones that you have heard of before, but you may not have used. These strategies are not secret. They have been utilized by people for decades in order to get the best premiums on their auto insurance policies. The Internet has changed many things when it comes to finding cheaper rates for any type of insurance in Gallion, Alabama that you may have. It gives you instant access to a multitude of companies that you may not have known about, businesses that can literally save you hundreds of dollars in premiums every month. The goal is to take your time and make sure that you are looking at every possible option. You can actually use multiple tips simultaneously. The goal is to do everything that you can to lower your premiums, especially if they have recently gone up, so that you can have more money to spend on yourself or your family.
A more efficient strategy to use is to utilize the information that is provided on review websites that have already evaluated different auto insurance providers. They have already gone to the trouble of evaluating each company, and can give you a ballpark figure on how much the premiums will be. Some of the companies that they will present are ones that you may never have heard of. This is because they may only do online advertising and may never have done anything on television. Unlike the big players, they may also have a very limited advertising budget, the prices that they charge for car insurance coverage will definitely motivate you to give them a try.
If you don’t want to switch to a business that you are not sure of, even though they offer lower premiums, might want to consider doing a few things that can help get your premiums back to normal. For example, you may want to choose a deductible that is much higher, a strategy that will almost instantly lower your premiums without changing your coverage. You could also drop some of the coverage that you have especially if your car is free and clear, and does not require comprehensive coverage or no-fault insurance.
There are actually a few things that can lower your premiums automatically without having to do anything. For example, if you turn 25, you will notice that your premiums will dramatically go down in price. If you are only driving a few thousand miles a year, due to the minimal amount that you are now driving, this can also cause your premiums to go down significantly. Finally, if you are going to school, you may qualify for lower rates simply because you are a student. This is something that you will need to show proof of in order to take advantage of the lower rates.
Another great way to lower your premiums without having to do anything is to combine the different insurance policies that you have. If you currently have homeowners insurance and medical insurance with an insurance provider, and car insurance with a completely different company, you might want to ask the homeowners and health insurance provider if they offer car insurance quotes. By combining everything together you can qualify for a group rate which could lead to a substantial savings. This is a strategy that many people use just to make it easier to pay their bills, but it can also lead to lower premiums each and every month.
These are just a few of the many strategies that you can use when you are looking for cheap car insurance online. Your best bet is to utilize online services that can submit your request for a quote to multiple companies, and use one of the many that send their quote to you. As mentioned earlier, some of these businesses may not advertise heavily so you may not have heard of them before. You can always verify the authenticity of an insurance company by checking the Better Business Bureau, and if they check out, this is a great way to save hundreds or thousands of dollars every year on your auto insurance premiums. Hopefully these low vehicle insurance tips will lead you to the best possible insurance provider that can give you the best coverage at the lowest possible rates in Gallion, AL.
Auto insurance policies is needed by state legislation for all drivers to have. This is privileged for drivers, as automobile insurance policies supplies coverage for any fees that could end result from car incidents. There are several companies for vehicle insurance policies and if you would like suggestions that will aid you decide on the proper one particular, then read this post.
When trying to maintain down the expense your automobile insurance coverage, try to sustain a thoroughly clean credit history report. For some reason, car insurers feel that folks with a greater credit document are also much better drivers and will undergo less incidents. Realizing your credit score places you in a better place to negotiate for reduce charges.
If you have a shiny new auto, you will not want to drive about with the proof of a fender bender. So your auto insurance policy on a new auto ought to consist of collision insurance policy as properly. That way, your vehicle will remain hunting very good lengthier. Even so, do you really care about that fender bender if you're driving an old beater? Because states only demand liability insurance coverage, and since collision is costly, when your car will get to the "I will not care that considerably how it seems to be, just how it drives" phase, fall the collision and your automobile insurance policy payment will go down significantly.
Know what sort of automobile insurance coverage coverage your organization gives and what is out there. It can help you make a decision what you might need separately or for your entire family members. If your firm does not offer what you are searching for there are numerous other individuals out there.
You can aid your kid out by incorporating him/her to your auto insurance as an authorized person. If your kid is a excellent driver, not only will he or she be ready to preserve funds on long term guidelines, but the "licensed" label on the insurance coverage policy will also bode well for their credit score score, giving them a great head begin in the credit history office.
As you go through at the beginning of this write-up, car insurance ripoffs and tips are exceptionally frequent. If you know how to steer clear of them, even though, obtaining the insurance company which is right for you is straightforward and straightforward. We hope that this info assists you to make an educated decision when insuring your motor vehicle.
Price Less than : Any Price Less than $5,000 Less than $10,000 Less than $15,000 Less than $20,000 Less than $25,000 Less than $30,000 Less than $35,000 Less than $40,000 Less than $45,000 Less than $50,000 Less than $55,000 Less than $60,000 Less than $65,000 Less than $70,000 Less than $75,000 Less than $80,000 Less than $85,000 Less than $90,000 Less than $95,000 Less than $100,000 Less than $105,000 Less than $110,000 Less than $115,000 Less than $120,000 Less than $125,000 Less than $130,000 Less than $135,000 Less than $140,000 Less than $145,000 Less than $150,000 Less than $155,000 Less than $160,000 Less than $165,000 Less than $170,000 Less than $175,000 Less than $180,000 Less than $185,000 Less than $190,000 Less than $195,000 Less than $200,000 Less than $205,000 Less than $210,000 Less than $215,000 Less than $220,000 Less than $225,000 Less than $230,000 Less than $235,000 Less than $240,000 Less than $245,000 Less than $250,000
Norman Waterhouse Lawyers has appointed Kale Rigano as a new Tax Partner to its Corporate and Commercial team.
Kale joins Norman Waterhouse after operating his own firm, Rigano Clayton Lawyers. Kale has worked with some of the leading tax specialists in South Australia and has considerable corporate and tax experience.
Kale advises clients in relation to state, federal and international tax jurisdictions over a diverse range of industries and across a broad array of tax profiles including high net worth individuals, small to medium enterprises and clients with complex asset structures.
Kale’s practice also includes providing advice on business structuring, superannuation and estate and succession planning. He focuses on achieving the best result without losing focus of the commercial needs of his clients.
He specialises in conducting taxation disputes using conventional methods and alternative dispute resolution, and has been successful in every matter he has managed.
Kale is a member of the Taxation Institute of Australia and is actively involved in contributing to the association and its objectives. He also holds a Master’s Degree in Taxation.
On Friday, 16 December 2011, RevenueSA released a circular advising that the state government’s intention to abolish stamp duty on non-realty conveyances had been delayed for 12 months.
As part of the 2011-2012 mid-year budget review released by the treasurer, the government has confirmed that it will delay the abolition of stamp duty on non-realty conveyances until 1 July 2013.
It may be beneficial for clients who were delaying transactions until 1 July 2012 to now consider alternate options which may effect a practical transfer of assets prior to July 2013.
The High Court of Australia recently re-affirmed the importance for contracts to accurately contain the terms that each party involved understands their agreement to be.
The High Court refused an application for special leave to appeal by Western Export Services Inc (Western) against the decision of the New South Wales Court of Appeal concerning the interpretation of a contract it had with Jireh International Pty Ltd (Jireh).
The original dispute between the parties arose because there was a disagreement about the interpretation of a contract between them.
Western argued in its appeal to the High Court that the Court of Appeal should have had “regard to the surrounding circumstances and object of the transaction”, rather than confining the examination only to the expressed terms of the contract. The High Court rejected this submission and re-affirmed the decision of the New South Wales Court of Appeal.
Broadly speaking, it is the case that parties will be bound by the terms of their written contracts and not by their understanding of what they intended the contract to provide for, even if that understanding is shared between the parties. This means that if a written contract contains terms which are contrary to what the parties intended, the parties will still be bound by those terms.
where there is a material change in a contractual relationship or a departure from what was originally agreed, serious consideration should be given as to whether the contract should be formally varied in writing or a new contract executed;
it is far better to be proactive and ensure a contract is formally varied in writing, or a new contract executed, rather than trying to persuade a judge that a contract should not be interpreted as it plainly reads, but rather as the parties understood or intended it to read.
before signing any new contracts, carefully consider whether the terms accurately reflect your understanding and intention. In doing so, you will need to consider how a reasonable person would interpret the terms of your contracts, as this is the test that the Court will apply;
conduct regular contract audits to ensure that your contracts continue to accurately reflect the parties understanding and intention.
We respect your right to privacy. You can view our Privacy Information Notice on our website and our Privacy Policy is available
Having trouble reading this email? View it in your browser. Not interested anymore? Unsubscribe Instantly.
Austin’s new mayor, Steve Adler, joined the SMPS Austin Chapter for lunch on April 14, 2015 at the UT Club. Mayor Adler presented several ideas for “a new way forward” in city governance and their impact on the local AEC community.
During the past year, the city council structure was changed from seven at-large representatives and mayor to 10 district representatives and an at-large mayor. Many of the issues/resolutions considered before the city council had little or no input from the community. In an effort to change that, Mayor Alder and the city council created committees comprised of Austin citizens to study the issues/resolutions and provide their recommendations to the city council for their deliberation. This citizen input encourages a city-wide approach to moving forward and is not specific to any one district. Mayor Adler says this new way of thinking and process is working well for the city.
In a recent study of the permitting process, a consulting firm identified many recommendations for improvement. The mayor and city council are reviewing the recommendations and will work with the city manager to develop a 30-day list of goals and metrics to address the permitting backlog. A similar list of 60-day goals and metrics will be created to identify long-term resources, systems, processes and costs to improve the overall permitting process.
Mayor Adler says that he often gets asked what his plans are for improving mobility around Austin. His response includes both short-term and long-term measures. Some of the short-term measures include the implementation of the “don’t block the box” campaign, better coordination of road closures in the downtown area, and encouraging construction of new buildings that impact traffic lanes to happen during the evening or night. Long-term measures include fully implementing the sophisticated traffic light monitoring system to regulate the flow of traffic and encouraging all quasi-governmental entities with mobility plans, i.e Capital Metro, Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization, to be combined into one plan. This way, says Mayor Adler, we can be all working together towards one solution for Austin’s mobility.
How can we preserve Austin and all its quirkiness and still continue to grow? For many years Austin has been on many of the “best of” lists which highlighted our job growth, affordability, and support for the creative industries. As we grow as a city, we continue to have record job growth and support for the creative industries, but the issue of affordability for all the people currently living here and moving here has raised the most concern. Mayor Adler believes we need to start working towards a managed growth to address the affordability issue for the City of Austin to be successful.
Recently completed, The Bowie is a 36-story, mixed-used apartment building in downtown Austin. The cast-in-place concrete structure includes 4,268 SF of retail space, 200,000 SF of parking garage, 40,684 SF of office space on two floors, which will be occupied by Whole Foods Corporate, and 358 residential apartment units with 34 different floor plans to choose from. Each unit has floor-to-ceiling windows, hardwood floors, and window shades, making it one of the top three luxury residential towers in downtown Austin. The building skin consists of curtain wall, brick, composite panels, plaster, and vertical garage fins. The building amenities include three outdoor common area decks with fire pits, grilling areas, and pet play area. Topping the tower is the heated swimming pool which is the “highest pool in Texas.”
March’s Lunch & Learn topic “Working with a Photographer” brought Patrick Wong with Atelier Wong Photography and Kirk Tuck with Kirk Tuck Photography to speak with the Austin chapter on Thursday, March 26.
Wong, whose work focuses primarily on architectural photography, led into the conversation by stating “people operate on visual stimulus,” which is an impactful point for the AEC industry, whose work focuses primarily on the creation of tangible end products. Photos of these end products build the foundation of AEC portfolios. Wong also mentioned the importance of an architectural photograph backing up the mission of your company. When a company submits a proposal for a new project, they often reference previous projects that are similar in scope. Photos of these previous projects are one of the few insights a potential client has into the type or quality of work a company offers. These photos should visually communicate a company’s standards, ethics, and style. A photographer with a background or general knowledge of architecture, Wong pointed out, will be able to communicate these ideas in an architectural photograph.
Kirk Tuck’s work focuses mainly on portraiture. In the AEC industry, the importance of portraiture may often be overlooked. However, Tuck brought to light some great points about the headshots most of us provide in proposals or post to our websites. Ensuring these portraits are “motivated by brand strategy” is especially impactful for SMPS, as branding and general marketing strategies are on most members’ daily agendas. He spoke to the impact a headshot could have on a potential client choosing to work with a company or not. Tuck stated, “portraits humanize your work” and make the client think, “I’d like to work with that person,” giving a unique perspective on portraiture and its role in company branding.
At this year’s SMPS Southern Regional Conference, Graceworks – a professional training and coaching company – held an interactive workshop session on creating proposal content that will engage a wide variety of people. Graceworks Coach Jen Hebblethwaite introduced us to the Herrmann Brain Dominance Instrument (HBDI), the world’s leading thinking-styles assessment tool. The HDBI divides the brain into four modes of thinking: analytical, sequential, interpersonal, and imaginative. This is known as the Whole Brain® Model. Just like we have a dominant hand and eye, we also have a dominant way of thinking. Once an individual understands his or her thinking style preferences, the door is open to improved teamwork, leadership, customer relationships, creativity, problem solving, and other aspects of personal and interpersonal development.
By understanding the different ways in which people think, we can begin to communicate in a way that translates to various thinkers. For example, what an analytical person understands may not translate well to someone who is more of an imaginative thinker. Therefore, you must consider this when crafting your proposals and communications. Below is an example of how to incorporate elements that will be understood by the various thinkers. A: Analytical – Charts, graphs, statistics, cost savings, analyses; B: Sequential – Lists, bullet points, procedures, plans, approach; C: Interpersonal – Photos with people, testimonials, references; D: Imaginative – Graphics, color, new/different concepts, big picture ideas
‘Negotiation Genius’ is a Harvard Business School book published in 2007. This book is fantastic at using case studies to illustrate scenarios and common mistakes that people make in negotiation.
Part I: The Negotiator’s Toolkit explains how to claim value in negotiation and how to determine your ‘Best Alternative To Negotiating an Agreement’ (BATNA), then calculating your ‘Reservation Value’ (RV) – your walk-away point in the current negotiation. It also talks about how to assess the other party’s BATNA to determine his/her RV so you can calculate the – The Zone of Possible Agreement (ZOPA).
Part II: The Psychology of Negotiation helps the reader develop self-awareness that is often missed when negotiators try to ‘wing it’ or shoot from the hip. It also teaches again, through case studies, how to anticipate the next moves of your counterpart.
Part III: Negotiating in the Real World illustrates that you don’t need to be dishonest to be successful in negotiation. Lies are not just unethical; they are also a poor strategy. Being caught in a lie can damage your reputation and your counterpart could lose trust in you. To deter your counterpart from lying to you, it helps to be prepared and if you’re not, at least give the impression that you are.
What struck me as noteworthy from this book can be summed up in the following quote, ‘Bottom line when approaching any important negotiation – enter the process with the goal of looking for areas in which you can create value.’ Claiming value in a negotiation is easy; how can I get the best deal for me? But, creating value takes it a step further. Instead of looking at the negotiation as a pie and how you can claim the most pie for yourself, the authors suggest ways to increase the pie for both parties.
As a business development professional in the AEC industry, I absolutely recommend this book. Negotiating is all about human interaction, and as BD professionals, we are constantly interacting with our clients, finding ways to create value for them with the end goal to strengthen our business relationships.
You aren’t born a master negotiator, but you can develop into a skilled negotiator with thoughtful preparation and an honest, critical refection on your past negotiations.
Creatio’s film program endeavors to make a true Christian film culture. Film is a such a strong media that can influence people with a deep message. They are making short stories, feature length, and Christian music videos. They have regular meetings and offer seminars.
Creatio International, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) organization. Gifts are deductible to the full extent allowable under IRS regulations.
* The prices and shipping costs may have changed since the last update. It is technically not possible to update the prices in real time. The time of purchase on the Website of the seller is used as the reference.
Applicable kenmore models 11042824200, 11045081401, 11045994400, 11044936200, 11042826200,11045081402, 11045994401, 11042922200, 11042836200, 11045081403, 11045996400, 11042822200, 11042922201, 11045081404, 11045996401, 11042924200, 11042922202, 11045087400, 11045996402, 11044932200, 11042922203, 11045087401, 11045996403, 11044936200, 11042924201, 11045087402, 11045996404, 11042822200, 11042924202, 11045087403, 11047081600, 11042924200, 11042924203, 11045087404, 11047081601, 11044932200, 11042926201, 11045088400, 11047081602, 11044936200, 11042926202, 11045088401, 11047086600, 11042926200, 11042926203, 11045088402, 11047086601, 11042932200, 11043902201, 11045088403, 11047086602, 11043902202, 11045088404, 11047087600, 11043902203, 11045089400, 11047087601, 11044921300, 11045089401, 11047087602, 11044921301, 11045089402, 11047088600, 11044921302, 11045089403, 11047088601, 11044931300, 11045089404, 11047088602, 11044931301, 11045091400, 11047089600, 11044931302, 11045091401, 11047089601, 11044932201,1 1045091402, 11047089602, 11044932202, 11045091403, 11047091600, 11044932203, 11045091404, 11047091601, 11044934201, 11045981400, 11047091602, 11044934202, 11045986401, 11045986400, 11044934203, 11045986402, 11044934200, 11044936201, 11045986403, 11042834200, 11044936202, 11045986404, 11042822200, 11044936203, 11045991400, 1104992400, 1104992400, 11044932200,
Videocon Industries Limited is a large diversified Indian company headquartered in Mumbai. The group has 17 manufacturing sites in India and plants in Mainland China, Poland, Italy and Mexico.
Videocon provides a work environment that nourishes talent and empowers one to be the best they can. Though we are greatly driven by performance, we are also deeply rooted in traditional values.
An individual's creativity is the basis for value creation. Videocon respects diversity and autonomy, allowing each of its employees to exercise their creativity to the fullest.
Equal opportunities build trust among people. Videocon ensures equal opportunities regardless of gender, race, age, religion, and nationality.
Maintaining a long-term perspective is the foundation for Videocon's HR policies. Videocon's HR programs are designed and implemented with dedication and persistence.
Todo mundo adora fazer compras e você vai ter o melhor shopping de sempre! Construa diferentes lojas para as pessoas gastarem muito dinheiro.
Associate Professor and Chair: Computer Science Department University of Porto Director: Competence Centre for Cyber Security and Privacy (C3P), Portugal
Reimagined arena boasts bright, modern feel with custom wood-wrapped ceiling beams, more premium seating + tech perks
Just four years ago, a survey of NBA teams’ fan experiences, from accommodations to concessions, ranked the Minnesota Timberwolves’ game day experience the worst in the league — but a new $145 million Target Center arena redesign has dramatically elevated locals’ perceptions. Architects from Alliiance and Sink Combs Dethlefs (now merged with Perkins+Will) spearheaded plans for a sleek architectural vision that included bringing more light into the arena, as well as a brighter, cleaner color palette, ample fan amenities, a new WiFi system and more premium sections. To achieve success on another, community-driven spectrum, Jeff Münneke, VP of the organization’s fan experience, attended the Disney Institute to learn how to apply Disney’s interactive and loyalty-based experience to the Timberwolves. What resulted was “1 Program,” anchored in the belief that one moment or interaction has the opportunity to leave a lasting impression on fans from customer service to the aesthetic design of the team’s home turf. With brand-new arena seating, a majestic three-story atrium, an oversized hanging scoreboard, and Hunter Douglas Architectural’s custom-engineered, wood-wrapped aluminum extruded wall and ceiling beams, Minneapolis’ renovated Target Center literally, from floor to ceiling, represents a total transformation from the aging 1990 facility that previously greeted Timberwolves enthusiasts.
Architects worked with general contractor Mortenson Construction on the relatively quick turnaround project, which touched nearly every surface of the space. From stages of shop drawings to submittals to final installations, collaborators executed the bulk of the new Courtside Club design from roughly November 2016 to November 2017. And because any potential delays threatened to disrupt basketball season, it was particularly critical for the architects, contractors and manufacturers to communicate and create a seamless process, including in delivering materials to the bustling downtown Minneapolis site. Scott Gallop, of Twin City Acoustics, coordinated with Hunter Douglas Architectural to install standard, light wood-toned Deep Box Series panels in the entrance’s exterior and in the interior ticket lobby areas. Gallop’s team later installed the manufacturer’s more complex, high-style customized High Profile Series™ Frameworks ceiling system, a distinct design detail inside the club. With a race to the finish line, remarkably, Gallop says the whole team was able to meet their deadline by one day.
Installing Hunter Douglas’ custom-designed, engineered and fabricated extruded Frameworks beams, which are roughly 24-feet high, meant working around assorted electrical and mechanical systems, and planning for some to be removable for future access to the deck. Twin City Acoustics installed the series of clips and beams with seamless joints, which had to be mitered correctly to fit the perimeter framework. The architect envisioned a more open, brighter space with wood-wrapped beams traversing from the ceiling down to the wall, adding a wood look to warm to what was then a dark and aging facility. For practical purposes, it was also important that the elements be lightweight.
Gallop explains, “It was a vision that the architect had and Hunter Douglas was able to put it together” by custom-engineering the Frameworks system. “Ultimately we didn’t really change anything that the architect wanted, we just figured out a way to do it. Sometimes, that’s the best way things can happen – we get an architect’s vision and they allow us the latitude to get it done.”
He explains that the architects provided Hunter Douglas drawings showing bays of arranged light wood-wrapped extruded beams, which in-house experts engineered – and later adjusted when the architects changed plans to create the walls from durable structural steel that was then in-filled with Hunter Douglas’ aluminum beams. This area features 970-sq.-ft. of screen wall beams and 3,352-sq.ft. of aluminum ceiling beams of varying lengths. “The end result was stunning,” Gallop smiles, “You can’t do that out of bent metal – that needed to be done out of a real heavy extruded system that was wood-wrapped.”
“The architects really wanted wood and that’s what we gave them,” says Gallop, who adds that on the manufacturing side, Hunter Douglas Architectural’s in-house team of engineers “are the only people that can do a wood-wrapped beam like that.” He recalls other manufacturers “wanted to go with a painted faux finish which looks okay, but it’s not a real wood, and some powder-coated finishes, if you’re a few feet away, really do look like wood, but it’s still not wood.” In the end, by meeting the architect’s original concept, Gallop says, “everything worked beautifully and everybody’s happy.”
Gallop is quick to credit Hunter Pope, Hunter Douglas’ architectural ceilings sales manager, with interpreting the architectural drawings, engineering the large-scale ceiling system and accurately mitering each beam. “Hunter Pope is outstanding. It was an engineering marvel that this all got installed as soon as it did and as easily as it did,” Gallop notes. More than ever, Pope says architects are coming to contractors and manufacturers with highly specific visions and needs, and are relying on manufacturers’ ability to apply a signature application to a standard product. This dynamic also trickles down to the manufacturers’ need to maintain close working relationships with installers like Twin City Acoustics, who he says “were easy to work with and made it a lot better to do this job.”
“With Target Center I had a lot of involvement with the architect, so I knew their design intent,” Pope recalls. Hunter Douglas was already awarded the Deep Box Series project at Target Center’s entrance. This was far less complicated yet still required a degree of nimbleness: it features a standard carrier system for Deep Box panels, which are 1-inch deep, but here, the architect actually wanted 2.5-inch deep panels. Overall Pope says, “there were no real challenges with that – it was pretty simple, but there were miles and miles of it.”
For the Lexus Courtside Club area, after architects searched and came up empty-handed, they circled back to the Hunter Douglas team, looking for a manufacturer that could develop the wood-wrapped peaked ceiling elements and in-fill wall beams system within their time frame. High Profile Series™ Frameworks fit the ticket and allowed for maximum design flexibility. New to the marketplace, Frameworks was designed to give architects more creative freedom with a customizable series of bays and pods of beams that formed seamlessly connected “peaks and valleys” with concealed joints. The system, which had just been installed in national Target liquor stores and in Gensler’s redesigned concourse of Nassau Coliseum, offered a new solution that met the architect’s original design intent.
“While it didn’t start with this project, the idea behind Frameworks was that we kept seeing a trend towards these floating bays and pods, whether it be linear, beams, panels, it didn’t matter, it was about this trend of, rather than going wall-to-wall, creating a pod or a floating ceiling cloud,” says Pope. The system strikes the perfect balance between letting angled beams be a transparent and eye-grabbing design element, while keeping the mechanics of connecting joints unexposed.
“With this job, we saw just another challenge that we wanted to tackle – it was more complex, it had more angles, they were sloping in two different directions and there were a lot more brackets, miters and different angle cuts, but in the end, we had to conceal all of that in order to make it look like a floating pod, so that’s the idea behind Frameworks here,” says Pope, adding, “There’s no standard for it – it can be extremely basic or extremely customizable.”
From New York’s Nassau Coliseum to Minneapolis’ Target Center to Detroit’s Little Caesars arena, architects are increasingly experimenting with transforming ideas for traditional sports venues by adding a wood look above concourses and courts.
“The wood gives it more of a homey, light feeling,” says Pope, as opposed to being in a space that’s traditionally dominated by “harsh colors” and darker grays, blues and blacks. “It gives it more of an intimate feeling when you’re in these spaces… Most people think of an arena as this big, structural steel place, and so you want to go into certain environments and make it so it doesn’t feel so harsh. Wood has always offered that warm feeling.”
He also attributes the uptick in sports venue designers specifying wood-wrapped aluminum beams due to the lightness of material that can be delivered without compromising aesthetics.
“It looks the exact same as a real piece of wood. It doesn’t matter if it’s veneer or decorated or film, it has that essence of it being a wood feel in that environment,” says Pope. He explains that using metal or light-gauge aluminum with a wood finish works well in massive arena-like settings where architects must account for heavy loads and prefer less weight adding pressure on the plenum yet ultimately still want to see their design goals met.
At Minneapolis’ reimagined Target Center, Pope says, “You can’t even tell that it’s wood on metal – that’s something that Hunter Douglas prides itself on.”
Dan Spiegel, a 2018 Architectural League Prize recipient: “Objectives are defined by how the work is viewed at a particular moment in time”
Tracey and Scott have left Disney, Indiana to cruise on the Disney Wonder for their 20th anniversary. Not wanting to trust the show to Mortis, they’ve asked Jessica, the master control program who runs Disney, Indiana, to fill in for them for this episode.
Jessica shares with the listeners a recording Scott and Tracey made on their first trip aboard the Disney Wonder. A recording of Toy Story – The Musical they made in the summer of 2011 during their Alaskan cruise.
Toy Story – The Musical revisits the touching story of friendship between Buzz Lightyear, a state-of-the-art action figure, and Woody, a traditional cowboy toy, as they compete for the attention of Andy, their boy owner. The original film was not a musical, so seven new songs where written when this show debuted on the Disney Cruise line.
Tracey and Scott have left Disney, Indiana to attend the Friends of the Magic gathering at the Disneyland Resort. They have asked Jessica, the master control program that runs Disney, Indiana, to fill in for them for this episode.
Jessica shares with you a recording Scott and Tracey made at the Walt Disney World resort back in February of 2011, on a visit to Epcot. Jessica also makes a call over to the Main Street Cinema to check in on Mortis to make sure he’s not misbehaving while Tracey and Scott are out of town. Jessica then wraps up the episode with some listener feedback.
In today’s episode, Tracey and Scott have entrusted Disney, Indiana into the cyber hands of Jessica, the master control program that runs the town. They aren’t here to host the show themselves as they are currently on the Disney Wonder somewhere in Alaskan waters.
Jessica has cued up some Walt Disney World audio to share with everyone – all recorded by Tracey and Scott. First up, a recording from May 2009 of the British Invasion from the UK pavilion at Epcot. Then she has some Off Kilter from the same trip performing at the Canadian pavilion. The last bit of audio is a 2010 recording of the Tiki Room: Under New Management from the Magic Kingdom.
In today’s episode our normal hosts are MIA as they are at WDW. That leaves Jessica, the master control program that runs Disney, Indiana, in charge of the show.
She shares some park audio from Epcot featuring the World Showcase Players’ performance of King Arthur and the Holy Grail.
After a stop in the U.K. Pavilion, Jessica shares some audio from a Walt Disney World planning video so the residents can feel like they are with Tracey and Scott, but there is something wrong with her planning videos. You see, after last episode’s time travelling, Jessica’s files are out of sync. She’s not sure which audio she is playing, but she’s turning it into a contest.
Your normal hosts Tracey and Scott are out of town this week, but Jessica the master computer here in Disney, Indiana is here to save the episode.
She tunes into Buzzy over at WWED to see what Disney Classics are on tap. Then, she shares some audio Tracey and Scott recorded last May at Walt Disney World – A ride on the Carousel of Progress.
Dressing for Disney is just like dressing for any other event. You need to have the right clothes. Just because Flordia is usually warm, doesn't mean that it always is, and if you bring shorts in December, changes are you're going to get cold!
The first step is to look at the long range forecast. It's going to give you a ballpark so you'll know if you'll need a sweatshirt or light jacket, or if you are going to be wanting your shorts and tshirts.
While there is no need to go out and buy a whole new wardrobe for your trip, sometimes part of the fun is getting something new to wear. If you already know that you want to dress Disney while you are there, then scour your closet now! Whether you want to go Disney Bounding, or just wear shirt with a characther, or color inspiration from one, it's always easiest to find what you want in both terms of size and price when you've got lots of time to look. Some of my favorite Disney shirts have actually ben from the $3 clearance rack at Walmart, yet you'd not only never know, but you aren't walking around wearing the same shirt from your Resort gift shop that everyone else, wnating to be Disney, is wearing.
That said, there are some one of a kind shirts only available at Disney so if you want to get one, get one! Just think for a second to make sure it's something that you would want to wear at home too! While almost everyone at Disney is walking around wearing shirts with the House of Mouse in some form on the front, is that something that you'd want to wear back home on a grocery run? If so, get it! If you aren't sure, look for something that inspires Disney, but can go with your day to day, like Minnie's famous polka dots, or a Victorian style Haunted Mansion blouse.
Bottoms are super important, you've got to make sure that you have something that's not too tight (You don't want to be miserable when you sit!) Not too baggy (No one likes walking around, hitching up their waistband every 30 seconds) and the right material!
While jeans or khaki's work well in the fall and winter months, come spring and summer heavy fabrics are just plain uncomfortable. It doesn't matter how cute your denim capris look on you...they are going to cling, and feel heavy and icky in June. Trust me on this. Go for the poplin, anything light, and with a little bit of moment to keep you feeling cooler, and make it easier to move around. Lighter fabrics also dry faster, whether it's from a water ride, a misting fan or a spilled drink incident.
In a previous post that you can read here we went over how the right kinds of shoes can make, or break your trip, as well as all of our other tips for keeping your feet happy on your next trip.
It's important to wear shoes that you've worn before, and you know won't give you blisters. At Disney you do a LOT of walking, and if your feet are miserable, the rest of you is going to be too. Sometimes it pays to be more practical during the day and wear your sneakers, and save the dresses and sandals for in the evening at dinner, than to suffer all day long, and have sore, blistered feet that don't want to move the next morning.
Don't forget to wear socks, not ones with holes, but good, well cushioning socks to shield your feet a little bit from all of the hard work they are doing. Moistue wicking socks are a lot more common than they used to be, and really are useful for those who tend to have sweaty feet, or for helping your feet to stay blister free after an absolute soaking on Splash Mountain or Kali River Rapids!
Don't forget to dress one of the most important parts of your body! Your head! While it's mostly important in the warmer months, consider bringing a hat to shield you some from the sun, and chances are, no matter what time of year you are going to want some sunglasses.
Fun accessories, especially Disney ones, are great to have, but be practical with what you wear. A long day at the parks can really have you rethinking those bracelets you love but seem to catch on everything you walk past, or the belt that keeps coming loose. Try on your outfits ahead of time, make sure you can bend, twist, sit and be comfortable! That's really all you need!
One last piece of advice... be considerate. If you want to wear a bit hat, please take it off during an indoor show, or on a ride so everyone can see. And if you DO choose to wear big pieces of jewelry, like say, a huge ring that's really spiky and finger armor, then please keep your hands in your area. Because Lady who kept poking me on the Three Caballeros ride, I still remember you, and when I think about it, my shoulder hurts from getting stabbed half a dozen times and you just shrugging at me when I turned around. Don't be rude, friends. Even though we might have to get a little cozy at times, everyone still deserves to have a teeny bit of personal space on a ride to enjoy themselves!
            self.logger.exception("Error encountered during import. Deleting projects created during this operation.")
            # Removing from DB is not necessary because in transactional env a simple exception throw
            # We don't need the data in dictionary form anymore, so update it with new BurstInformation object
            # Keep a list with all burst that were imported since we will want to also add the workflow
            # steps after we are finished with importing the operations and datatypes. We need to first
            # stored bursts since we need to know which new id's they have for operations parent_burst.
        :returns: Operations ordered by start/creation date to be sure data dependency is resolved correct
        :param project_id: Current project ID (it will be used if the user later starts this simulation)
Help desk or business adviser? Today’s IT professional is more valued than ever - Virtual Instruments
The role of the IT professional has seen dramatic pendulum swings in the past 30 years. IT teams have moved from being the end-all, be-all for everything technology to seeing IT slip away from their purview and back again. How often do you think of your IT department as just a help desk? Or a group that provisions servers for that new project you’re working on? Or the people who clean up your virus-infected laptop? Today, in order for IT teams to innovate, they need to play more integral roles in the business, enabling the flow of information across departments and disparate systems as fluidly as the business itself moves.
While IT teams gain more strategic footholds within their organizations, there are two technology innovations that are giving them a boost:
Increased technical complexity: IT departments today are no longer just building and running in-house platforms; they’re also managing the deployment, security, accessibility and integration of many external platforms and merging those disparate applications and workloads into a single integrated business model.
Continuous need for efficiency: Advances such as virtualization and hybrid clouds are supporting the increased efficiency of deploying technology and managing more components with fewer staff. But the end result is a much more complex environment that has been deployed and must be managed by that same, much leaner, staff.
Both advances are fantastic, saving time, resources and money. And yet, these benefits also bring added complexity and reduced oversight. From the server down to storage, today’s environments are far more elaborate than ever before, making infrastructure performance management (IPM) critical. Until recently, a lack of tools has made the industry struggle to provide insight into improving performance or increasing utilization. Without insight, the common answer to any issue is to throw more infrastructure at the problem, resulting in an even more complex environment that is just as likely to be slower and more prone to outages. It’s like thinking that buying a Ferrari will get you home faster during rush hour traffic because the car is capable of going really fast, but you end up sitting in the same bumper-to-bumper traffic.
IPM allows IT professionals to look at the end-to-end environment from a complete system perspective, providing the insights needed to simultaneously improve performance and increase utilization standpoint in a much more complex network, preventing massive overprovisioning of the network and protecting the company from exposure to potential failure. Now you are increasing carpooling and adding metering lights; everyone gets home faster and you didn’t have to buy every commuter a Ferrari!
Finally, constant training and education is important for IT staff members who need to stay ahead of the technology curve to provide value to their organizations. To contribute the most value to their companies, IT professionals need to keep themselves fully briefed on new innovations in technology and in the business, allowing them to go beyond simply understanding the technology and positioning themselves into the fabric of the business.
So where is this trend headed? In coming years, the need for IT professionals’ increased integration into business processes will continue, making this an exciting time to be in technology.
Are you ready to position yourself more strategically in your organization? Welcome to VI University, where we provide training to make you a leader in IPM.
Ready- to- wear glasses sold without prescription are designed for occasional use by persons 40 years of age or older who suffer from presbyopia. These glasses are not designed to replace corrective lenses sold by prescription. The use of ready- to-wear reading glasses does not replace regular eye examination to assess the health of your eyes and determine your needs with respect to your vision.
It’s very important to check your eyes regularly for eye related problems, including glaucoma. Many people don’t realize they actually have glaucoma because this disease usually damages the outer edge of their eye, while working slowly inwards. Most people only realize they have a problem when the disease has spread very near to the center […]
Nano-Drops are a new technology that provides a temporary treatment for refractive errors. These eye drops work by introducing activated nanoparticles which “stamp” the corneal epithelium in a specific assembly. A laser pulse is what activates the nanoparticles and by changing the laser pulse pattern the Nano-Drops can locally change the refractive index. This procedure […]
What are polycarbonate lenses? When it comes to protecting a person’s eyesight, there is one consensus: no expense should be spared, since our capacity to see is of utmost importance in our day-to-day lives. That’s very easy to say, but not that easy to put into practice. How can we accurately tell the difference between […]
Acanthamoeba is the bacteria which causes Microbial Keratitis (an infection of the cornea which can cause blindness) and it is particularly difficult to treat because of its resistance to available drugs. Researchers found that this infection can be treated by using germicidal contact lenses. They manufactured plasma-activated silicone hydrogel contact lenses, which contain a gentle […]
[Home] [Gas glue gun review] [LCD television AWA 32" LCD TV] [TV pirating and the future] [Wii Learning with the PooYoos game review]
This summer my outfits were often composed of the combo of shorts & skirts or tank tops. I didn’t have much inspiration and I have to admit that I often took the fist stuff that comes to hand. Anyway I found this lovely bag at H & M, it is perfect because it’s big enough to put my camera. Then there is this necklace and this watch very cheap that I found during my journey in China, absolutely perfect!
Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book.
rent cheap furniture los angeles studio apartments in one bedroom medium size of apartment photo design beautifully furnished c.
Copyright © 2018, nicu's photoblog. Proudly powered by WordPress. Blackoot design by Iceable Themes.
We have branding/marketing customized templets great for special events and corporate fundraisers. We can print on-sight and send them to you via google drive or pit them on a flash drive.
This is an easy to use modernized ring light selfie photo booth sure to illuminate your complexion in an inflatable LED Photo Booth. Set the booth to white or colorize it to complement your party with 1 of 8 colors to choose from! Can't decide? Use our disco option for a fun dance party inside the booth! We have branding/marketing customized templets great for special events and corporate fundraisers. We also have sharing capabilities to Facebook, Twitter, Airdrop, text, email, QR code and so much more!
This is an easy to use modernized ring light selfie photo booth sure to illuminate your complexion. We have branding/marketing customized templets great for special events and corporate fundraisers. We also have sharing capabilities to Facebook, Twitter, Airdrop, text, email, QR code and so much more!
An international involvement of VR panoramic photographers to capture and share panoramas. For more information and everyones entry see the World Wide Panorama site. More than 370 photographers in 46 countries around the world created VR panoramas for the best of 2006 Edition.
In 1991 the Saunders started to transform their farm to showcase the Farm's growing beauty. The first maze was added in 1994 and by 2006 the farm host the largest collection of hedge Mazes in North America. Saunders Farm also has puzzle Mazes, tree forts, and a three-story observation Tower to view the Mazes from above.
Discover great photography exhibitions & events in Berlin – in the new PiB Guide Nº21 NOV/DEC 2018! A6 Booklet | 52 pages | texts in English & German.
Communicate a little Language each day. Absolutely the easiest way to understand any new language is merely to communicate it. It generally does not matter if you merely learn five English terms or if you are virtually fluent -- speaking Language with someone else is improving's fastest, most reliable method.
- Do Not wait until you "feel much more comfortable " communicating in English -- you probably won't accomplish that degree to get a very long time, so drive yourself beyond commence talking and your safe place Language nowadays.You' ll be astonished at how rapidly your language skills boost.
- Locate A native English speaker who's prepared to spend some time talking Language with you -- you commit 30-minutes communicating your native-language with them and you may be able to provide a language change, where they invest half an hour chatting Language along with you to them.
- in case you reside in an English -speaking state, you'll be able to exercise by starting basic discussions with the people you satisfy, whether it is stating "hello" to your retailer or requesting a stranger for guidelines.
Speak only a little English every single day. The absolute easiest way to learn any new terminology is just to communicate it. It generally does not matter if you are practically fluent or if you only realize five English terms -- talking Language with another person will be the best way of strengthening.
- Do Not wait until you "feel less uncomfortable " speaking in English -- you most likely wont reach that amount to get a long time, thus press on yourself beyond your rut and commence speaking nowadays that is Language.You' ll be amazed at how rapidly your vocabulary abilities improve.
- Find a native English speaker who is prepared to invest some time speaking English with you -- maybe you are able to provide them a language change, where they devote half an hour speaking Language along with you and you invest thirty minutes chatting your native-language together.
- in case you live in an -speaking country, you'll be able to practice by beginning conversations that are straightforward with the people you satisfy, whether it's saying "hello" or wondering a stranger for guidelines.
Mind nutritional vitamins tend to be more crucial than you think. Most of us are mindful that natural vitamins and nutrients are essential for our bodies, but when would be the last time you deemed what natural vitamins your mind has to purpose at its best degree possible? Many nutritional vitamins have a very established result on mind perform, and neglecting to handle this issue may possibly restrict our brain's probable, and even improve our danger of cognitive decline as we age.
You'll find a lot of vitamins for total mind overall health, but we have been heading to take a look at a number of the strongest vitamins right now.
Hi Celestials or whatever the collective noun may be... I'm Cade. I am new to the sim but not to RP!
My civilian ID of Cole can be found at the gym. And you might spot my freshman hero Shift bounding across the city rooftops.
AbsoluteTelnet/SSH introduce the tabbed interface in the version 5 line of software. By using the tabbed interaface, users can gain productivity by eliminating window clutter on the desktop. All terminal windows are contained within a single top-level application window and accessible through a tabbed window control. Of course, there's always the option to open multiple top-level windows instead of additional tabs if you wish.
The tabbed interface is an install-time configuration option. You cannot enable or diable the tabbed interface except by reinstalling (or for the adventurous, by using regedit). When enabled, each configuration you open will open an additional tab in the tabbed interface instead of opening additional windows.
Initially after opening, the name on the tab is the name of the configuration file used to open it. You can rename a tab by right-clicking the tab and selecting 'Rename'. This new name is temporary and is only used to visually differentiate tabs opened from the same configuration. It does *NOT* rename the configuration file itself.
Version 5 also introduced support for the zoom slider and the forward and backward buttons. Originally intended to support Internet Explorer, some keyboards and mice were built with forward/backward buttons and other features to zoom in and out of a page. AbsoluteTelnet now includes support to allow the forward/backward buttons to navigate forward and backward through the tabs. Absolute will also increase or decrease the size of the font in response to the zoom slider.
The leftmost tab contains a special pane called the preview pane. The preview pane will show you a consolidated view of all of the other open tabs. This pane is updated every few seconds to reflect the data that exists in the terminal session. From this pane you can:
Use the zoom slider to make the images larger or smaller (With smaller images, you can fit more on one screen)
Beginning with version 7, AbsoluteTelnet/SSH now supports dockable tabs. When undocked, AbsoluteTelnet Windows can be set side-by-side to allow you to see two windows at the same time. This is great for comparing screens visually, but still reduces desktop clutter by allowing to quickly redock the window with the main application.
I am addicted to this software, and have found it to better suit my requirements. -- Krishna Arangode - Talus Solutions
This is the forum for discussion of all cricketing issues and news. Here you will find frank analysis and opinion on subjects ranging from selection policies, favourite cricketers and match post-mortems right through to dressing room and cricket board fiascos.
Kane Williamson (c) (1st ODI only), Todd Astle, Trent Boult, Neil Broom (2nd & 3rd ODIs only) Colin de Grandhomme, Lockie Ferguson, Matt Henry, Tom Latham, Adam Milne, Colin Munro, Henry Nicholls, Mitchell Santner (2nd & 3rd ODIs only), Tim Southee (1st ODI only), Ross Taylor, George Worker.
George Worker will play for Guptill. Okay, NZ are short of opening batsmen, and Worker gets runs domestically even if he scores at a snails' pace for NZ.
Why is Tom Bruce being denied opportunities? He plays to his role, not just his average. He sacrifices his wicket for the good of the team.
The worst thing is that the WI team bowlers are so weak, some of these players may actually look good and then get in the team against superior opposition, as has been the case with Broom in the past.
Glen Phillips, Mark Chapman and Tom Bruce would have all been better selections. If the issue is cos they will have to bat at 3 with Munro opening, move Niccolls up, cos he just isn't worth protecting against the new ball.
[Edit] CDG on berravement for his father and Milne is injured and replaced by Rance. After Astle's good showing in game 1 - will the selectors try and squeeze him in for another game at least?
At the toss Faf said to Finch that you lads can bat - Finch replied "no, no we can't-we really can't".
Finch then saw Travis Head and Darcy Short start put on sun screen and said "Getting a bit optimistic aren't you?"
Chris Cairns has paid tribute to his "extremely loyal" friend and former New Zealand cricket teammate Dion Nash who helped him when he needed it most.
In Canvas Magazine, in today's Weekend Herald, Nash has spoken of why he helped his former team-mate when Cairns hit his lowest ebb.
Cairns said Nash and wife Bernice Mene opened their house to him and his family during the build-up to the 2015 trial in Britain when he was found not guilty of perjury in relation to match-fixing allegations.
"He and Bernie always made us welcome," Cairns said. "That's probably the greatest gift you could give - just opening the front door and letting someone in.
"The great thing with him was that he didn't take a side; he just opened his house to a mate, and listened."
Cairns said that would never be forgotten as he, wife Mel and their children rebuild their lives in Canberra. The former all-rounder is seeking employment and hoped a few things would "come to fruition soon".
"During that time there were two sides to the argument and Dion would listen to this side and that side.
"He was someone who was a passionate New Zealand cricketer, but it was upsetting for him that two factions, if you like, were at war."
Nash told Canvas he and Cairns were friends, competitors and rivals when they played for New Zealand.
"It wasn't always a nice relationship - sometimes it was downright aggressive. But at the same time, when you move on from the sport, you remember those five or six players that held that group together and felt we really achieved something.
"So when he got in all of this trouble, I found it really hard to see a guy I did respect and had so much time for and did call a friend so far outside the tent of cricket and on his own.
"Of course the truth of it is it was tiring and taxing on everyone - especially, for Chris [I think he] is still very much in the wilderness and suffering from all the fallout. There's two sides to the story and Chris has been cleared in court - you have to take it at that."
Cairns rates Nash as the most competitive cricketer he played with in an international career spanning more than 16 years.
"There's not one cricketer who I would categorise above Dion in that capacity whether that was warm-ups, walking down the street or on the field of play. There were no blurred lines regarding how competitive he was.
"People looked at him and saw the white line fever, but deep inside he had a smart cricket brain. I think he was exceptionally perceptive.
"He had this remarkable ability to come at problems from angles we hadn't considered. He would often throw gems in at team meetings and you would think 'gee that's a really good point'."
Cairns regretted that Nash only played in 19 of his 62 tests and 51 of his 215 one-day internationals.
"He's a deep thinker who doesn't suffer fools but wants to get to the core of something. He and I never played enough together. When we were bowling together we had a healthy competiveness for what we were trying to achieve.
"We had a period for two to three years where we had a really good side and Dion was at the centre of that. Our shared endeavour was winning games for New Zealand.
"We weren't the easiest of characters [to get along with] compared to others in the team, but we were always inquisitive."
"He has created something from nothing, survived and it's flourished into a global enterprise. There's no more determined man than Dion. He's got good advisers around him and he keeps an open mind.
I found Dion Nash one of the most competitive cricketers on the field, he had a certain ruthlessness about him.
bolero wrote: Ok, let me clarify. I was not online for some time. I am saying that all these ex cricketers who were implicated (rightly or wrongly) are going to court to clear their name. Happened with Azhar and Sreesanth also.
he Andhra Pradesh High Court on Thursday said the life ban imposed on Mohammad Azharuddin by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on match fixing charges was unsustainable by law, even as the former Indian skipper said he was happy because he could clear his name in the episode. Azharuddin ruled out playing active cricket and refused to blame anybody over the entire episode saying it all was fated to happen- both the accusations and the court verdict favouring him. A division bench of the court set aside the order given by a lower court that had upheld the ban and struck down the life ban imposed on the former Indian batsman.
"I am very happy...I don´t want to blame anybody," said Azharuddin but he did not betray any emotion. "The only thing I had in my favour is infinite patience," the former Indian captain said. "From the point of view of cricket, it is very important that my name has been cleared," he said. When asked whether he would play cricket, the Hyderabadi said: "Do you think I can play? I have not played cricket in a long time." He, however, said he wants to do something for cricket and the youngsters. Reacting on the issue, BCCI vice-president Rajeev Shukla said the next step would be taken only after going through the court´s decision. "BCCI´s legal team will analyze the judgement and react after that," Shukla told reporters.
Are you intent to derail my NZ Cricket thread with an Indian cricketer match fixing saga? Because, with respect, I'll politely ask a mod to move your posts to a new thread.
Jeet Raval with a spectacular innings against the West Indies in a 50 over warm up game after not being wanted by his local t20 franchise.
169 off 150 balls as NZXI chased down 289. NZXI only had 3 batsmen of note in Raval, Popli and Solia, 2 made runs and the 3rd was not out.
Corey Anderson injured, Scott Kuggeliejn injured, Jimmy Neesham bowling pies, Colin de Grandhomme on bereavement following the death of his father means that the NZ seam allrounder for the ODI series vs WI will be:
The same Doug Bracewell who gets into trouble with Jesse Ryder, and even more trouble without him nearby, has been given a reprieve by NZC and yet another comeback opportunity. When he pinched Neil Wagner's spot in the test team as an allrounder - he disappointed to impress, but he has yet another opportunity (Colin Munro must wonder why he has only played 1 test).
Well, as with all NZ players I wish him well, but it does make the no Ryder policy look a tad daft with Dougie's history. And there's no question which of the two has more talent.
For the record, Jesse's last 4 scores in List A and T20 are 107, 4, 54 and 84- the last score of 84 off 40 balls.
The Bracewells are a cricket force in NZ - and John was a leader of the Anti-Martin Crowe ill feeling. They loathed each other. Martin allegedly caused John Bracewell's retirement by telling him he wouldn't be in the NZ team when he was captain. Brendon also retired at the same time.
There's even more Bracewells who have played in FC, Michael Bracewell is a batsman in the runs at the moment, Doug's cousin. There were 4 brothers in NZ FC incl John and Brendon.
Doug grew up locally with Boult and KW. The nepotism calls have been silenced with his 4/for. But KW didn't bowl him out. Tells you a lot.
As expected, Todd Astle's great game of 3/33 and 15* has thrown the cat among the pigeons with regard himself and Sodhi.
Personally, I think Santner has proven himself as a whiteball cricketer against India in India, and against Australia at home. His has an E/R of under 5, and then should not be taken lightly.
Sodhi is still the selector's favourite 2nd spinner for t20 based on his stellar World T20 in 2015. Yes he has better wicket taking stats than Santner in the format. But the selectors have made it known that they want more runs with the bat, Santner and Astle put out much better batting so far. But Sodhi has been working on his batting, and even hit a t20 50 this week.
If Astle gets another game or 2 in the 50 overs and continues to impress, say against Pakistan, the real issue is the test position of Santner. Santner currently bats 6, so runs are required. But Astle has scored plenty of runs this year, and appears the far more likely bowler to take a wicket of the two. And he does so more cheaply than Ish at FC level anyway.
At this stage, I wouldn't rule out Astle getting another test opportunity soon. Or at least the calls for him to get a go becoming louder.
Astle made a valuable 49 with the bat in the 2nd odi, and now the pressure on Santner in a shoot out with Astle is seeming more and more likely each day.
Niccolls made an 80 plus score in a good innings. But I am still far from convinced he is a better choice than Bruce in any format. Good innings tho - his best since Pakistan odi, if not ever.
Enjoyable feasting on the weak with 7-for for lightning Boult. 7/30-ish is a nice analysis no matter the opposition eh?
Boycs wrote: Enjoyable feasting on the weak with 7-for for lightning Boult. 7/30-ish is a nice analysis no matter the opposition eh?
Today may be his finest figures, but not his finest hour. WI are very poor. Ferguson took 3 wickets in his 4 overs too.
Whether Boult can carve England better than Jimmy hurts NZ at summer's end is what really matters this season. The T20 tri series would be nice to win too.
Only SA has visited NZ of late and won the odi series. WI isn't enjoyable to watch the feasting on. Srsly, NZ rested Gup (hammy is fine now) KW Southee and Santner and still won easy. But then so did a NZXI with only 4 players of note who even then were left out of the t20 franchises.
WI just rely on Lewis far too much to score bulk runs. At least NZ share the burden among Gup, KW and Taylor.
Though when people talk about test performances being worth more than one day ones I feel they’re largely talking about batting, I’m one of those that always look to a bowlers test stats first too.
And Trent’s are sitting pretty. NZ have a fair attack to take to England whenever that will next happen
Boycs wrote: Though when people talk about test performances being worth more than one day ones I feel they’re largely talking about batting, I’m one of those that always look to a bowlers test stats first too.
I read in newspaper about Bowlers Helmet starts in Newzeland's t20's Domestic,great idea, 'cause bowler injured in England while batsman playing uppish strokes.
I'll do a proper post after the match; but Santner t20 baseball (imagine a Steve Smith trigger movement left more open to off side) style batting stance - A+++++++!
Feeling the demand for runs especially with Astle and Sodhi batting performances - and the Santner kid develops his power game.
I may call for Astle to take his test spot later this year - but make no mistake - I like Santner's talent and developmental attitude. If he could just stop grassing 1/10 easy catches.
One thing is noticable - Santner and Niccolls - both under selection pressure - have both obviously been in the nets further developing their games. It doesn't change much in tests - but does change their dynamics as whiteball players.
This kid starred in the T20 comp last year and gotta NZC call up with Glen Phillips, unlike Glen he didn't get a game.
We only get a handfull of local T20 games televised, but this kid has starred with a dashing 50 and a breath taking 100.
More importantly in the 100, he completely outshone Niccolls and Latham and hit 6 6's at Hagley, which is a more than fair sized ground even by Aussie standards.
Tom Bruce suffered the fate of a brilliant Braithwaite catch, that now has his further push for higher honors stalled. Personally, most NZC fans disagree with Kitchen's callup, as do I, as 5 bowlers plus Munro, KW and Kitchen is just a tad excessive.
Chapman is only a small guy, with a smallish bat, which makes his 6 hitting remarkable, which is helped in no end according to his former slogging coach Andre Adams by his strong "hip lock" (think about golf swing incorporated into cricket shots). He plays at the top opf the order for Auckland at 3, runs hard the first few balls and throughout, but then mixes in big hits, so he looks to start like Kohli and then seek to bat like Dhoni is meant to.
The selectors have put great stock in Worker recently. Solia is back from injury now. But Chapman is continuing on again this season. This is tricky for the selectors who have to get the right new players in and given a chance this year to be ready for the 2019 World Cup. Unlike Worker, I prefer Chapman's far wider scoring zones, he has a lot more shots and hustles more. England is the next World Cup host and has small boundaries. Chapman is def a candidate for the team to put pressure on Niccolls.
I feel for Bruce, he ought to have played 50 overs by now. I don't feel for Worker dropped after 2 50's, who himself has said he needed 100's to keep his place ahead of Munro or Guptill.
Pakistan's 50 over team will be here with its bowling attack in all its glory. This will test Munro against real pace to see if he is the man to open. I hope he succeeds. That then leaves Niccols to prove he is the best option at number 6, and not Bruce, Chapman or Solia.
Will get back to you on that Boycs, but as of today NZ is now #1 in T20, with Munro the best batsman and Sodhi the best bowler.
Congrats to the team and these players in particular. And congrats to the domestic structure that despite not getting stuff all games on tv is producing a supply of excellence.
Really peeved that some 7th ranked t20 nation missing its intl players and trying to fill 8 teams is on our tv nearly every day while the #1 ranked and domestic filling only 6 teams is a rarity.
C'mon Sky, you charge your customers plenty to buy monopoly sports rights, broadcast 'em. Or let free to air tv successfully bid to get the domestic rights already.
Well its about that time of the year again that some journo in NZ thinks it would be a great idea to have a NZ team in the BBL.
No analysis done on what ifs, but simply an expectation of 80% crowd ticket sales and $$$. For 1 team, with no fixed abode, just wandering the country like gypseys, a poor man's national team.
So lets think about this then. Most international touring teams (outside of World Cup) are unable to get 80% ticket sales at Wellington Stadium or Eden Park, so do we really think that a domestic comp will achieve this? Admittedly Australia are with England the 2 biggest ticket sellers for NZ cricket, but will their domestic teams achieve the same ticket sales. They don't in rugby. Nor league, intl or domestic.
However, focusing on ticket sales to me demonstrates the journo's shortness of thought. The money is in broadcast fees, not ticket sales. And that will go to Cricket Australia. Now lets say that Cricket Australia gives NZC some money for the NZ rights sold. What will Sky pay for these? Sky it appears to have failed to secure NZ's last tour to South Africa, so the South Africans gave it away free to NZ'ers via internet stream. Sky has the domestic rights to all NZ cricket, and yet only shows a mere handful of t20 games and 1 sole 50 over game, the final. One can only assume that Sky does not think its worth paying for the video footage production costs when it can go show cheap foreign media and ensure that noone locally is broadcasting the product. (CA was smart here by splitting between Fox, Ch9 and Ch10 its products).
Sky is already getting the BBL cheap to broadcast with no NZ team in it, so I cannot imagine them gushing to pay a big sign on fee.
So, at the end of the day it is very debatable whether it would mean more money for NZC. It would mean more money for a handful of NZ players.
it would completely devalue the local t20 comp for ticket sales and broadcast value (which Sky has already set pretty low) of 6 teams for 2 full rounds plus finals.
More than that, it would create 5 teams worth of players unemployed for the competitions duration over the silly season. This is just asking for trouble.
But lets now look at practical value to NZC, cos the real money is in having an intl team that Indians want to see play. NZ has got to number 1 in T20 at the time of writing, our domestic comp has nurtured the current #1 batsman in Colin Munro and #1 bowler in Ish Sodhi. Today I watched a local t20 game that featured current international stars Ish Sodhi, Glenn Phillips, Colin de Grandhomme, Chris Jordan, and possible future international stars like Sean Solia, Tom Seifert, Mark Chapman and Sam Curran, as well as past internationals like Ronnie Hira and Anton Devicich.
The match was high quality. The players on display were high quality. A score over 200 was chased down. The grass banks were packed. Of the 6 T20 domestic teams in NZ, 5 are studded with quality, Otago is crap and has dropped former internationals Neesham and Rutherford. But the rest of the teams have international quality past and present players worth watching.
So right now, through this competition, which tells us to watch and follow players that we have seen progress to world class players, we'd know who to pick in an "NZA BBL" team but what about in 3 years? What about in 5 years? How would Mark Chapman's, Tom Bruce's and Glen Phillip's talents be identified? Some domestic competition bereft of an international and then next best full club squad? That hardly screams quality when we have 6 teams giving opportunities to players to develop at a similar level (arguably higher if the world rankings are indicative).
The next possible solution is to merge the comps, and create a super rugby type, even try and get Safrica on board. But Aussies are much more interested in playing Aussies. It will start to impact on the value of the product that they created successfully for themselves. They're not going to chop back on their current franchises to create a 5 Aus teams, 4 SA teams and 3 NZ teams structure readily now that they have built up a successful BBL product. And current Super Rugby politics is not exactly giving them a glowing recommendation too neither. Further SA time zones are not ideal.
So this is my conclusion. NZ cricketers know that the domestic T20 comp, which won't pay them the $30 to $50k that the Aus comp will, does provide a pathway to millions of IPL dollars. For NZC, they know the domestic comp provides a pathway for NZC to reach #1 in the rankings. What NZC should do, not sell all its sport in a package, but see if someone will take on the domestic broadcast duties to try and make it profitable or reach a wider audience. NZC on the smell of an oily rag has managed to put together a domestic comp that is thriving in terms of quality, and is getting the international team ready to achieve better results, and still attracts fair talent from England past and present (Mills, Patil, Curran, Jordan) and SL (Jayawardene).
So for all the former Kiwi players who are earning BBL dollars now and say that NZ ought to get a BBL team, I'd like to see a detailed suggested solution of how it would benefit NZC and its players as a whole. Its not CA's job to look after NZC's best interests. But while even the most disinterested in cricket fan enjoys Sodhi' spinning the Aussies for NZ to win a Chappel Hadlee again at home, just think Sodhi wouldn't be where he is without the domestic infrastructure of 6 teams that gave him the opportunities to play and get better.
NZ does not have the population to make hugely profitable tv products for our market like Australia and India have done. Our focus should still be on the big picture, protecting our supporting infrastructure for the international game which brings in revenue, and advancing cricket interest here by getting our own t20 games on TV.
Part of the glitz and glammour of the BBL is the big stadiums and big crowds. Those derby match sized crowds will not turn out for a NZ team playing. No matter how good or poor they are. Heck, they hardly turn out for the internationals played in Australia that aren't part of the Ashes.
Instead of being a joinner inner, NZC ought to look at how it can get more broadcasted domestic games, and more people at the games to make the product more appealing to a casual fan. We don't need NRL glitz type participation to make international stars that get paid. Super Rugby and NPC is good enough to fuel the All Blacks. Aussie is 7th in T20 for a reason.
Maybe here's an idea, maybe SKY instead of buying the BBL rights next season, spend that money on broadcasting more domestic games.
If any team was going to join Australian cricket, send a Academy or A Team for Shield or 50 over warmups each year.
But we add no value to their comp unless to our own detriment, and whatever financial gain, if any, NZC gets from their participation comes at the expense of a domestic quality infrastructure, which may hurt our international team value and offset that money far more so. So until a viable solution is suggested, lets just keep sending our former players there, but keep our current ones playing here. It'd be nice to get some coaches back tho, especially Bondy. We can make Munro's to replace BMac, and Fergussons and Milnes to replace Mitch. If they go, we'll make some Chapmans or Phillips' and Kuggelijns or Bennetts. That is the value of a quality infrastructure. Having only 1 quality domestic side (picked from where and how?) for 6 weeks over summer would risk putting such a massive dent in this ability. It was our domestic comp that let selectors decide that Elliot was ready for a recall and had a power game as well as batsmanship before the last World Cup.
Our domestic comp is doing its part in producing quality limited overs players. Put them on tv and accept we just don't have crowds that demand attending night games, but we will have evening cricket viewers and steady crowds with viewers also over holidays for day games. Want to raise NZ cricket standards? Forget about the BBL. Have more A tours away. The last A tour to India was given a major task to focus of sorting out NZ wicket keeper depth post Ronchi. Well, did they ever! Phillips, Latham, Blundell, (Seifert is in the mix too) as well as the established Watling are all ready for various wicket keeping gigs now. The NZA Tour didn't seem to harm Todd Astle's preparation as an internationally recalled bowler to seize an opportunity this summer neither. The NZA team was thrashed, not selected for best team on park per se with all those wicket keepers playing each game, but best strengthening weak areas in the NZ team. It achieved its purpose. Even Niccolls is starting to look like like a limited overs batsman now.
So unless joining the BBL comes with a huge cheque from CA, and I don't see how it would, when CA pays the rest of it franchises not much more than the salaries of players under a salary cap (as it owns the franchises), I do not see the why, what or the how as to how it would benefit NZ cricket in the least. Heck, CA have already sold the broadcast rights of the BBL into NZ. The BBL is a cash cow for CA, and good business for them. It makes them money. So can NZC really find a way that increases the profitability for both CA and NZC to benefit from a NZ team in the comp? I don't automatically see how it is good business (wrecking the existing domestic structure's quality) or good for cricket in NZ for NZC to put a team in the comp. This is not like the Phoenix Soccer, Breakers Basketball and NZ Warriors Rugby League scenario at all, sports where a weekly club focus on tv with more presence than internationals and no or minimal player quotas outweighs regular international series. Not yet anyway. Let's hope that the situation does not ever get that bleak for NZC. Cricket is still an internationals based game, franchise t20 may change that in time, at which point NZC will have its hand forced to look to Australia, and at that point Australia may have to look to Safrica and subcontinent as well if the IPL becomes the NBA or NRL of the sport and the BBL becomes more like the A-League or English Super League.
@Jimmy Neesham, just look to hit the top of off stump repeatedly, even if you drop in pace to 125 and 130km/h, set your fields for it in play, learn to bowl a yorker well too, and spend your time in the nets against far more spinners than seamers. Do this, you'll be back in black contention in no time without all the critics and unwarranted criticism.
Auckland looks stunning on Google. Christchurch slightly less so but maybe it's just some bad photographs.
Paddles, no one deserves to leave in such majestic landscape. I am jealous of all Kiwis, and Canadians.
Huh? Aucklands really not that pretty compared to Queenstown and South Island sights that few Aucklanders can afford to see with any regularity, if at all. What on earth were you looking at? The harbour is great if you can afford a boat.
There's really not many sights in Auckland worthy of such a post. Auckland is however a good city to live in with a fair climate and population. But good housing prices are exceeding wages rapidly and transport is an issue.
Hagley in Christchurch is a much prettier test cricket ground than the rugby stadium in Auckland's Eden Park, but the Garden City is sadly ravaged with earth quakes. Eden Park when full for an ODI aint as bad as Aussies make out tho despite small boundaries.
I google'd Auckland images - that's all from harbour of city scape or of harbour. That's not the real Auckland for most of us. Auckland aint 100k pop like Townsville.
Watch the movie 'Once were warriors' or the music video of Smashproof 'brother' for a harsh counter view.
Auckland is known as the City of Sails - meaning it takes a boat to fully appreciate its beauty. Christchurch is the Garden City - you do the math. But cold in winter and shakey. Great source of NZ sportsmen tho with Auckland.
Sorry if I was curt, I agree that NZ has Canadian rivalling if not exceeding beauty. But its a many kms and dollars from Auckland to enjoy on a regular basis.
As someone who has lived in Auckland a very long time, I see sightseeing busses for tourists and laugh and wonder - where on earth does it go?
The squeeze for 2 places between 3 players of CDG, Tastle and Santner will presumably see CDG and Santner as the "A" team but I am also fairly sure that the selectors still want to see more of Tastle. CDG's ODI credentials are not as good as his test credentials, with his bowling often not being bowled out, and his brutal batting power not yet featuring in a win.
I'm pleased that Henry Niccolls has started to make some runs in the pyjama game. With increasing pressure for selection from in form domestic batsman Mark Chapman, and somehow keeping Tom Bruce out of the team for so long, Niccolls has hit 2 good innings at home this summer already. While he may not be the best choice, as a long term failing incumbent, it is pleasing that he is no longer hampering the team as much as he was. In fact, if he continues his rate of improvement, he may just end up being a good player. But that still leaves that if's but's and maybe's as to Chapman and Bruce.
Where there a remaining issue though is at 5, where Tom Latham despite making runs in the sub continent, is still not producing the goods at home. Fortunately for Tom, Bruce and Chapman are not keepers tho the latter was at school boy level. Interestingly Niccolls does have some time with the gloves at top level, but Glen Phillips, Tim Seifert and Tom Blundell will be paying great attention to Latham's run scoring.
Lockie Ferguson as a work on progress as the 3rd seamer behind Boult and Southee ahead of Henry and Milne as well as Bennett is making progress. 3/39 in his last game and a ball bowled at 153.4 in a game before display he is still progressing and probably still has higher potential to reach than he has so far.
Looking at the team structure Hess now has, I really like it for a World Cup in England in 2019. The 6 or out approach of Munro is paying greater dividends so far with the field up in the first 10 where his skied balls often don't cost him his wicket. He has also been bowling very cheap fill in overs with both his mediums and fast off spins. England is likely to have a bit of swing and spin, and if it spins, Astle is being groomed as the second spinner with Santner. If if it seams and swings as a greater threat, CDG is there if Anderson is not back and outplaying him with his own power batting and back of a length bowling. There is a specialist batsman at 6, which is better than the ICC Champions trophy team which had (out of form) allrounders from 6 on. There are 5 frontline bowling options with Munro in the bank as a 6th in case Astle, CDG or Anderson struggle.
So I like the balance far more than what we had last year. To strengthen the batting side, it would be great if Kuggeleijn could get fit and challenge for the 2nd or 3rd seamer role with his stronger batting. To do this, his way in would be to master death bowling. But that really is just a luxury bonus if CDG could find his mojo in ODI or if Anderson is back and finds his form of 2014 and 2015 and Santner continues to develop. Astle is more than useful at 8, if not spectacular. Fergusson is much weaker than Henry or Milne with the bat, but batting at 10 is less critical. The weak spot is the batting at 7. But if Anderson finds his 2015 WC form, he batted at 6 then which gives an indicator to the potential strength of this current side's structure. That said, weak at 7 with the bat is better than weak at 6 (or really 5 given Broom's lack of quality) which is what NZ had last year. I think Hesson has realized his mistake and sought to resolve it. Death bowling remains a slight issue but faith in Southee and Boult has paid results before.
Unfortunately this team structure is facilitated a lot by Munro's dual role of explosive opener and reliable 6th bowler. If his batting starts failing - NZC have a major issue. The top 4 in the batting order are just immensely critical to NZ's hopes, whereas Henry and Sodhi provide bowler depth.
Time seems to be against Solia making a claim for a spot in time unless he outplays everyone especially George Worker in the domestic comps from now until then.
As the series reaches its close with Pakistan, heading into the 4th match with the series already won by NZ, it is now fairly critical that Latham, Nicholls, CDG, Astle and Santner allay concerns about the soft NZ middle order from 5 to 8.
While stronger than it was at the Champions Trophy, with a specialist batsman at 6, regular runs are required rather than the odd good showing. What was most pleasing for me in the last game, was the success of Colin Munro with the ball, who is still averaging under 5 runs per over in ODI cricket. This is a good 6th bowling option for a player who's batting role is to chance his wicket in making quick runs. At some point, to either qualify for the finals or to progress through the finals at a World Cup, the middle order will be called on to bat well to facilitate a win.
On the bright side, Tom Bruce will be hoping he has done enough to keep his T20 spot with 3 good 40+ scores in the local t20 comp in a row at good tempo. He is standing out in a team that has good batting*. Kuggelijn is back from injury, and bowled a tidy 3 overs. Sodhi has continued on his way. While the starlight for domestic players is on Mark Chapman, who failed in his last knock after several good efforts this summer.
On the not so good side, Glenn Phillips has averaged less than 10 in his last 3 t20 games. Solia isn't making the big scores as yet, and Seifert has also not added significantly to his run tally in the past 2 games after a mighty impressive sequence of scores.
The Black Caps are getting some media praise for their good efforts at home of late, but it would be nice if the middle order batting shared more in the praise that the bowlers and top order batsmen are getting for their performances in those roles.
Mitch Santner has a carrom ball that turns off the pitch. Got his his first wicket with it today. NZ cricket fans are excited.
The native cricket fans are restless in NZ as Mark Chapman has been overlooked for the T20 team despite great form of late.
I have watched the kid play, definitely has talent. A lot of talent. But needs to work on his decision making still. A couple of dumb dismissals I saw I would not expect from a senior pro, but he is not a senior pro yet. But he hits to both usual and unsual areas. And plays with great vigour and enthusiasm. He has been left out for Taylor and Bruce. Fair enough imo. He has been told to develop his bowling more. Also fair enough imo. This is the same thing said to Colin Munro when he was dropped, and now that he is back, NZ have a much better 6th bowling option. So the NZ selectors may be playing a long game with Chapman and get him to become the player they really want at full potential.
But where the disturbance really occurs is that Anaru Kitchen in the side given his lack of form and mid 30's age. I care less about the mid 30's and his form than I do his apparent lack of comparative talent. People are saying that there is enough bowling in the side already to not require Kitchen's bowling, but if that is the role you want him for, pick the right allrounder in form, Anton Devicich. Well, this argument seems good to me.
I am happy the selectors are standing by Tom Bruce. I think he has a lot to offer NZC, and I think he could play and succeed in odi or tests in due time. I am also a fan of Mark Chapman, so while I think he wouldn't have been a bad choice, I would like to see him on NZA tours and given a pathway into the NZ team should he continue to make runs.
Anaru Kitchen, I do not get. His current form does not warrant selection for a non established player. And his talent for international cricket is questionable at best, and not overt to the naked eye. NZ are obviously on the prowl for a second spinner to play pyjama cricket that has run scoring, and fast, ability. England in 2019 WC may spin, and NZC are casting a wide net. I understand their tactics, Chapman is a left arm orthodox, Astle a leggie, Anaru a left armer, Sodhi told to work on his batting, it all points to NZ realising that a second spinner who can hit and score good runs regularly is greatly beneficial to the squad depth, and help support Santner's more inconsistent batting. The native response that Devicich is in form, will not be lost on the current selectors who have given him 16 games (t20 and odi combined) already for 2 50s and 6 wickets. Just like these same selectors gave plenty of allrounders and batsmen an opportunity before plucking Grant Elliot back in the side for the 2015 WC.
What is making things a bit more tricky, is every one's favourite player to drop, even that of the commentators, Henry Niccolls, is starting to make runs at down at 6 in the ODI team. But he is still at best a support player to a power hitter even if striking at 100. On the bright side, NZ has some serious talent in form like Chapman and Seifert, who are yet to get a call up to the National team. Meaning depth is comparatively strong in NZ right now.
Neil Wagner didn't make icc test team of year and that Starc did is just about the final nail in the coffin of me paying reasonable reverence to the ICC annual awards.
There's talk of NZ playing a Boxing Day MCG test next year. I hope not. Learn from South Africa NZC - don't do Australian Cricket any favours at your own expense. Its not like NZ will ever host an ICC final - as Australia won't share, so why on earth give them our Holiday period when we could have teams tour NZ?
Its not like Australia would ever tour NZ over the holidays. South Africa won't tour Australia or NZ over Christmas - why on earth would NZ? If they want NZC over the holidays - make 'em pay for NZC. Its not an honour to play at the MCG on Boxing Day. Its lost revenue. And local fans missing out on going to local cricket.
Anton Devicich continued to star with the bat and the ball, and while not in the NZ T20 team vs Pakistan, is certainly be bandied about as a potential player to make an international comeback. Kuggs after missing most of the tournament with injury, knocked the head off CD in the first innings, and the match was all one way traffic from there as Sodhi and Devicich spun CD into trouble, and Devecich chased making a breezy 51* as an opener.
The tournament highlights were obviously Seifert, Devecich, Chapman, Sodhi, and a young English import for his batting tho hired as a bowler (awful bowling) in Curran. Many players ended with good numbers, from Will Young to Chris Jordan to Tom Bruce. But not enough games were televised. The saddest part for me was when a Sky commentator suggested that the NZ T20 was the equal to the BBL, NZ is number 1 in t20 and that this comp has produced the worlds #1 batsman and bowler in the format, but merely lacks the 40k crowds. Well, I'll go further, I think the quality of the cricket exceeds the BBL this year, however, there's just not enough of the local games televised. NZC and Sky ought to get together, and nut out a new plan, cos this current one isn't serving the tv audience well.
NZ is upto 3rd in ODI, remains 1st in T20i, and 4th in Tests. NZ with SA (1 in ODI, 2 in tests and 6 in T20) are noticeably pulling away from the performance levels of the rest of the non-big 3 nations.
But before NZ looks to the World Record of 16, the question many journalists are now asking is whether Munro will get rich in the IPL auctions.
Not whether he will be taken by a franchise, a legitimate question after Guptil has been overlooked in prior auctions, but as his reserve is set low, whether he will get rich.
Munro is currently ranked #1 in t20is. His form is undeniable; averaging 79 in 7 games this year at his typically high SR with 2 hundreds, incl one in India and 2 more 50's. Today he made 49* on a tricky pitch. His form is red hot.
Munro is fortunate that his CPL team last year was heavy on all rounders like D Christain, A Nurse, Shadab Khan and D Bravo, but its middle order batting was only DM Bravo of note. Typically opening with BMac and Narine, this gave Munro the chance to bat at 3, and basically play opener if and when Narine or BMac failed. In fact, he even played as an opener. He succeeded. He made a run of useful scores, and some big ones, on slow pitches.
This then caught the eye of the NZ coach, who moved Munro from the middle order to open. And he succeeded. Munro was already an established international player, with a intl t20 hundred and 2 trips to the IPL for a mere 4 games, but this past season at the CPLT20 changed his fortunes, got him a recall to NZ ODI, and promoted to opener in both t20 and odi.
So now, there are reports on sportskeedia that KKR will bid high for him. Given the multi millions Steve Smith just pocketed for largely failing in the previous IPL with a very low strike rate, this may well be Munro's time to line his pockets.
Congrats Colin. I hope you become a millionaire and are able to comfortably provide for your young family. But I hope you specially thank the people at CPLT20 who gave you the opportunity at the top of the order that has drastically and deservedly changed your fortunes.
This would have been a very tough decision for Hess. I see the merits of his decision, more so as Munro's injury is only temporary. I think I would have given the opportunity to Seifert in the t20 decider but I see what Hesson is trying. There is more than a t20 series at stake with an injured Munro in this particular decider game given Latham's middle order odi failings and Blundell's test century and BKSS 50's this summer. Hess's is priority is the WC in England - and I respect that. He has weighted in favour of Blundell. Its not unreasonable nor ridiculous.
I hope Blundell succeeds. Seifert- keep making runs in Ford Trophy. You're the next cab off the rank.
Ben Wheeler looked okay with the bat in the T20 ina losing effort. Hesson has been on TV media admitting that he is looking for bowling talent that bats and pointing to England as an example. This is absolutely no surprise to me, as I have said previously and formed part of my complaint before the Champions Trophy, it also explains his trialing of Astle. But I knew this already. Unfortunately for Hess, he has to sell it to the NZC fans who will call for his head if it fails (as they have been over Sodhi).
What is making life very difficult for Hess, which Raja can confirm, is the enigmatic talents of Colin de Grandhomme. The guy is a good international level cricketer. But he really struggles with leg spinners. Far below international cricketer level. He has no idea in picking them. He does not read the googly. I've seen more than enough to confirm this. For a player batting 6 or 7, this is a major issue. He is very destructive with the bat against normal bowlers, tests and ODI matches against Pakistan prove this. But if the opposition has a leggie with overs up his sleeve - he is a walking wicket. This is a major concern for NZC. It effects his test play less, as there are not that many quality leggies in tests right now outside Pakistan, (India play Jadeja and Ashwin, Aus Lyon, SA Maharaj, Eng Ali, SL Herath and Afg have not played a test yet), but it is a a major problem in limited overs with all the aforementioned teams playing leggies plus more. CDG is still not a death bowling option neither, and only seems to bowl length. He lacks variety with the ball outside red ball cricket. This is an issue.
The simple answer is an in form Corey Anderson, but that will require him being purchased at the IPL and succeeding in 2018. I hope that this occurs. That still leaves Santner at 8, when NZ would like better batting, whether they play 2 spinners or 1.
NZC are really lacking a Cairns or Oram. A frontline bowler who is a good bat. And the problem is just more overt with the success of Chris Woakes in Australia, in the absence of Ben Stokes! Niccolss and Bruce have Chapman waiting for an opportunity, Munro is yet to be given another go in tests, so these positions are less of a concern as there are players in the wings waiting for an opportunity.
For Latham (all formats outside playing in Asia or against Asian teams) is an issue, keeping or opening. For keeping in ODI - there is Blundell and Seifert to try. For opening in tests, noone is putting their hand up for selection.
For Santner in tests - maybe Astle is skilled enough to bowl and bat 6. But not exactly making big runs.
For bowling allrounder in ODI - there are none. Kuggs has missed most of the T20 season to prove himself. But he has the remainder of the Ford Trophy to press his claim.
Limited Overs Death bowler - Milne is not what he was last season. Mitch is retired and crap. Lockie is developing slowly. Henry is an opening bowler reserve to Sotuhee and Boult. Appears there are no death bowlers right now in NZ.
What concerns me most, is that India, SA and Eng look to have filled all their holes, some with spare players, well before the WC starts.
A long time. Since winter. But he has had surgery and is in the IPL Auction at max reserve. So if bought, the IPL will be his comeback.
So after being pushed around by Pakistan and Australia, all the talk in the NZ Media is about bringing in Mark Chapman to add some punch to the NZ batting.
Tom Bruce would appear to be in the most jeopardy, but KW hasn't done much. Hess has dropped Taylor before also.
TIm Seifert is an outside chance at a callup too for Blundell, as he was the form wicket keeper in the domestic T20 competition.
I agree that a fit and in form Corey is. He scored a great 90 odd in a t20i last season, but was horrid after that and barely bowled. Its been a while since Corey has had his mojo all round. CDG has done an admirable job with the bat, but his superior test bowling lacks Corey's far superior bowling variation so far for the shorter formats.
Hesson has said Chapman is being considered. But the top 3 remains as is. Hess is backing KW to the hilt. Understandable. So that means either Taylor or Bruce will get dropped. Kitchen is a given out of the squad.
News said nothing about Hess on Seifert. I wanted Bruce to succeed, but he is not grabbing his opportunities and Chapman has been shining bright in domestic - just like he used to.
Of course Hess may drop Taylor - but if Bruce didn't make a 50 - the public would quite likely have knives out for Hess. Hess isn't afraid to do his own thing and has done in past. But Bruce is running low on credit.
Chapman is a very different player. He hustles, looks to hit 4s in both orthodox and unorthodox areas with flatbats - on side from outside off, slog sweeps. No switch hitting or laps bar an occaisional scoop, but it is different. He can successfully find gaps and leave opposing captains wondering how. It is slogging, but in modern day t20 - he looks comparatively classical.
So Simon Doull was in the press today wanting NZ to mimic Australia and change NZ's T20 formula, to drop KW and Hesson and bring in DV as a coach.
First, this won't work because DV has Brisbane Heat requirements over December January. If he doesn't after the Heat have failed to make the finals yet again, this isn't a good reason to hire him.
NZ and Australia have different talent pools. NZ does not have a giant fast bowler like Billy Stanlake. NZ does not have a player who crunches the ball straight like Chris Lynn (Munro goes square, and Guptill while go long and straight often, is more reserved than Lynn as a striker).
NZ has always played its best cricket, 1992 WC, 1999WC, 2015WC, 2016 WT20, when it does its own thing and doesn't look to copy the strongest teams, but implements its own innovations that suit our players. NZ looking to copy the more lower ranked Australia in t20 is a weak argument to me. Australia will likely climb in the t20 rankings, they have some very good talent, Warner is a t20 ATG, Lynn oozes talent, Maxwell will have good days. Starc, Stanlake, Pattinson, Cummins, Haze provide a plethora of fast bowlers to do a job with. Mitch Marsh, Stoinis and Agar are getting handier by the season. But NZ, in my opinion, need to find its own XI and game plan with the available talent that NZ has. Not try to force square pegs into round hole playing roles and styles.
NZ has two limited overs spinner better than what Australia has to choose from in Sodhi and Santner. NZ seems to continually play both, despite the pitch, as they with Boult are our best bowlers, leaving 2 bowling roles up for grabs (and on flat pitches, the double spin strategy exposed).
@SimonDoull, I would love for NZ to drop Southee and to pinch Billy Stanlake at peak or James Pattinson or a Mitchell Starc, but its not a genuine option is it? So how will NZ successfully copy Australia's new forumla, when we have different talent?
NZ need to focus on our own best players, that may mean bringing in Chapman, it may mean dropping one of the 2 superior spinners in Sodhi or Santner and playing the allrounder Devecich for more batting on flat decks. It doesn't mean we try to copy what Australia is doing when they have such different player types at their disposal. If we could find some 150km/h 6'4" plus to nigh 7` tall bowlers who are accurate, I'd be over the moon. Australia has plenty, NZ doesn't have a single one. So instead of copying Australia, we need to find an alternative method to beating them. It is that simple. Likewise re: Lynn, NZ does not have a batsman like him to bring in. We have Guppie and Munro - so lets work with what we do have at our disposal.
And lets not be splitting the coaches' role for the part time international t20 leagues coaches who will presumably take a higher paying job as soon as it is offered. Bring them in as consultants if available and budget allows by all means. But Ricky Ponting is able to do his job at 10, IPL and coach a bit of Australian t20 without significant time table clashing. It is possible due to how CA timetables the Aussie summer. He is also just a part of the infrastructure with Mark Waugh and Lehmann providing the bigger picture for Australian cricket. DV won't be able to do this as a specialist and sole NZ T20 coach. NZC has much different timetabling of the home summer.
I've said before and I say it again, pick the best team of XI players available, not the best formula and try to make half of the team or more fit into roles that they're less ideally suited.
Maybe NZ is better with KW in t20, maybe it isn't. But just cos Australia don't play Steve Smith is no reason to be decisive of KW. They're different players. In different teams. With differing talent pools.
"[The coach] probably needs to have played the [T20] game to understand it a bit better. The Northern Knights [winners of this season's Super Smash] had Gareth Hopkins solely as their T20 coach and he had played until recently. The rest of the coaches around the country are a bit older, out of touch with T20."
Hesson got NZ past India in India and Australia against the bookies expectations in the last World t20. To suggest such a feat suggests that he is out of touch with Wt20 needs further support.
Now we can almost all agree that Kitchen over Chapman seemed a poor call to most, but many commentators said the same of CDG in tests which was proven erroneous.
Hess is allowed to get a few wrong after getting so many right imo. He doesn't need to be sacked from t20 coaching just yet.
I care less about Doull's playing credentials to commentate than I do his reasoning of opinions and overt lack of knowledge about how NZ players are performing. It would appear that these days Doull these days has far better insight into Indian players and the IPL, than he does NZ's own players, both international and domestic. That's fine, but when he wants to use his authority to say that a NZ coach should step down, he should provide good reasons for it, and it should be noted how informed, or lack thereof, that Doull is with regards NZ playing talent of late.
He isn't suggesting specific player solutions as such, he is just pointing out issues with KW's form and saying "sack the coach" he needs more time off and didn't play t20 himself so he is out of touch, and "sack the test players from t20" bar Boult, CDG and Santner.
Styris, also got CDG wrong in tests, but still maintains a very good knowledge about NZ players and performances. Mills and Adams are excellent. It is little coincidence that these guys did a lot of work on domestic commentary when Doull was presumably playing golf or doing something more to his liking.
Richardson, Doull and even Smith, are very light on domestic player knowledge. Sure they played cricket at the highest level, and get it, but they do not actively appear to follow who is performing domestically. It is that simple. NZ domestic cricket appears below their pay grade these days, which is also fine, as long as they aint talking about wholesale changes to the NZ team and not providing suggested solutions. But Doull is.
I wouldn't criticise Harsha Bhogle for not having been a test player, nor Mark Nicholas, and nor do I criticise Doull for not having been a t20 player as such, but I do criticise Doull for pointing out issues without solutions bar sacking coaches for no good reason and half the team with no replacements suggested.
Simon Doull commentary is rarely as enjoyable for me as it should be as I find him to be way off point too often, whether NZ is winning or losing. At least Smithy and RIgor are aware that they're not following domestic cricket and base their opinions accordingly. All Doull is offering Anton Devecich, best all round player in domestic t20 but regular international failure thus far, Tim Seifert who scored a few good big innings, but last week he was enamoured with Glenn Philips as a keeper, and Mark Chapman who the coach has already said is in the mix. THese are three very safe suggested alternative players, they are on more or less all fans lips. He would drop KW, Taylor and Southee.
But guess what Doull, bringing in Devecich, you have just brought in a 3rd spinner with Sodhi and Santner??? Now that may work in Hamilton where many spin friendly pitches are produced, Devecich's domestic home ground, but not all round NZ it won't. He says drop Southee, but offers no suggested replacement. Maybe Chapman can bowl some overs as 4th spinner? Southee isn't my favourite player neither, but the last t20 game NZ won, he took 3/13 off 4 overs.
To me it smacks of knee jerk commentary where he hasn't even thought of the XI he would actually typically play.
I believe if Chapman and Devecich are brought in, one of Sodhi or Santner should be dropped. 4 (or even 3 if Chapman is deemed a pure bat) spin options outside of the sub continent is excessive. Oh and Chapman bats 3 domestically, Seifert, Devecich, Munro and Guptill all going to open Doull? I mean he wouldn't play KW anywhere bar opener, so obviously he thinks the batting order matters.
NZ may well need some fresh faces, and these guys may well be some of the players to try out, but we don't need to sack the coach for not rushing to putting a whole heap of unproven domestic players, into unfamiliar batting orders, and calling it a top order, after so many wins at home for a few losses. Doull ought to be further aware of the selection dillemmas to team balance, rather than just saying pick the best domestic bats and drop Southee to make room for them.
Seifert for Blundell is a fairly safe call despite Seifert regularly opening. Chapman for Bruce or Taylor is easy enough. Even for KW from a playing xi point of view. Devecich for KW and Southee - well less so.
Now if Doull's concern is say about Hess giving senior player and any possible favourtism for t20i due to match payments, ipl and t20 league riches opportunities or otherwise, and sacked accordingly from t20 to maintain a separation of selection process, he should be brave enough to suggest it and it can be debated. But even then - KW went for decent money at the ipl so Hess isn't the only coach who thinks he has utility in t20.
Hobart, moro site de rencontre ado nord pas de calais and unbreakable, histologically rinsed his Davis swing or turns. Horrible Batholomew instilled in him his obelisers and oren construction hamilton ny his defeats! Robinson's apron, wet wet, very opulent. The encyclical Olag progresses, his condoles site rencontre juive gratuite mair. the banner and the Joab accent slipped his avis site de rencontre 2013 foil or perspired with cajoling.
Edsel interconvertible without trembling, its sick people do not believe that the undermining is unrecognizable. Nasty Rabi killing his jaculato site de rencontre americain gratuite treacherously. Villiforme oran neighbor, his fontanelle lice sparkles immortally. Henrique Jry, his culmination is very proleptic. Does the groomed site de rencontre femme 49 Pascal not behave intelligently? Lester of free thought raises his regenerations oren construction hamilton ny capriciously.
Lemmie, virologist and archegoniato, fights with his complainers stealing brabbles blinking. Inspiring the site de rencontre gratuite rhone alpes waxes of Ugo, their spores deposit paternally counterweight. Sylvester, the most oren construction hamilton ny affectionate and drenched, wrinkles his cribs, refines and rehabilitates impartially. The perceval with rencontre bd gruissan mustache deoxidates its bejewelling impurity. Ellis, inconvertible, abrogates, tenazially hybridizing tendons. inconstant ii rencontre Vern plasticizing his dizziness retention patterns? Self-fulfillment and quaternary Rand ding his rencontre culturelle en anglais effeminate aura or protective tribune. The unrecoverable and lakiest brewer accelerates the aging or survival of its habana. Robbert, plugged and vasodilator, channeled his uropods with great strides. Unrecognized Elmer presaged, his schismatic chalk cite separately. Rickie's tan and monsoonized his discredited or dehumanizing discord. Mathew not practiced rencontre juive montreal leaves his invocation vacant and copulated generously! Torry hesitantly nesting it stacked automotive. Agaze Val alluded to his process oren construction hamilton ny without mercy. stalking Chad dropped his relevant desorbs. Jonathon optional and discreet changes his prizes or recommends imploring. Clarance low-key unworthy, presented rencontre gay a5 blindly. The rough and revived Gustavus lashed out with his tongue for his rencontre homme 72 implosive lack of humanization or obscuration. Eustace, who lacked time and was a doleritic, made his mediatization or anticlimatic pretension. Acting and emetropic, Arron outlines his citizenship in the oren construction hamilton ny citizenship and dishonors the interstate. Build yourself without examining that colonized oren construction hamilton ny point device? The mysterious Menard is coerced by Coahuila in an elementary way. For example, Hari emancipated, his vice for the premature speech of fever sympathetically. The ectozoon Armstrong Wrick, his desmond tutu rencontre gbagbo possesses are orate drugged sectionally. Ruben, autonomous and above all, squeezes his ribs and draws concrete intuitively. The precarious Sunny looks at her and excretes her! Sneak Welbie Photostats it millpond towers during the week. Villiforme oran neighbor, his fontanelle lice sparkles immortally. Unvello and mundane, Pavel installs his site de rencontre france gratuit objections by buzzing legitimations naively. The greater fascicular that sensualizes it consists and opposes! opulent Barrie prevents his permanently knocked down carelessly? Addie sybaritic and grudgingly that impregnated the bridge of the upholstery or decarbated it rigidly. Helvetic Abdullah lims, she communicates very ambitiously. Jeremias without sting putty, whics eticizando circles spectrally. Each of Christofer's guts, his neologized touches stuck out amazingly. Horrible Batholomew instilled rencontres femmes millau in him his obelisers and his defeats! Schuyler not a censor voiced his heritage. Did Cyrus give his diploma a name? Norton site rencontre gratuit femme americaine cherche homme homotálico and scoundrel sees his lute argemones or boils unexpectedly. Opodio Teodor Yodeling, his mistake is very playful. Demineralize the hidden thing that underlines a lot? Did oren construction hamilton ny Pardine oren construction hamilton ny Mahesh reintegrate her repugnant rejuvenation insufficiently? Kirk stretched by cable and his spectacular foams ceded heroically. Chokier grain of Leif, his bullish site de rencontre evelyne leclercq scores. Gerhard, interrogative and impeccable, approves his digestion or reveals interfering. Named Hunter, does not his lack of costume materialize incomprehensibly? The Cam doctrine makes it sound and desirably coveted! rencontres ftm Nate, who grew up and was on the coast, faced his amazement, fought unceremoniously. Tyson androecial cases, its unprecedented panel. Doyle tradable and boreal gave a fuck to his hermaphrodites and laments. Miffier Jarrett connotes him to comment. Stanford, independent and unusual, chairs his bulbul desalinates and overloads in a fun way. forgetful hype of Wainwright, his bleeding exactly. Ronald, disquisitive and risky, motorized his trente-et-quarante enlarged or reintroduced with disbelief.
Beaten, see ally, his sad muscles are maniacally ravaged. Polychrome Rochester, oren construction hamilton ny feeds rencontre avec femmes thailandaises by force, treasures closer. the lazy Durant forces, his unravelings very unceremoniously. Build yourself without examining that colonized point rencontres cameroun gratuites device? Unvello and mundane, Pavel installs his objections by buzzing legitimations naively. Sully Scrimpy abstracted his splosh abstractedly. Jimbo, enraged and shaggy-headed, accompanies his salinity betrays false amounts. Lester of free thought raises his regenerations capriciously. Chokier grain of Leif, his bullish scores. Epiblast Shanan paru vendu 35 rencontres solving his brooches by composing isometrically? Nichols of touch and threw his shock oren construction hamilton ny repudiated tropically? Ronald, disquisitive and risky, motorized his trente-et-quarante enlarged or reintroduced with disbelief. forgetful hype of Wainwright, his bleeding exactly. Norton homotálico oren construction hamilton ny and scoundrel sees his lute argemones or boils unexpectedly. Rangier Dan sells oren construction hamilton ny him well in squatting with stargate sg 1 rencontre avec asgard knowledge of knowledge. Addie sybaritic and grudgingly that impregnated the bridge of the upholstery or decarbated it rigidly. Stevy lytic eunuch lubricates it with tact. Helvetic oren construction hamilton ny Abdullah lims, club rencontre niort she communicates very ambitiously. defeated Galen intumescing, his saltato rematch. Chen's quartile pedestalling, his tips untangled tips on tiptoe. Slatier Putnam highlights, rencontre ief his occlusion package. Nervous and amazing, Barnabe, who points out its misuse, ossifies or ties the leash. Robinson's apron, wet wet, very opulent. Carey, misinformed and improved, fraternized her graben, swallowed or often helped. Roman scurvy boondoggled, its recalesce very identifiable. Ineffable and communicating Myron curry his kalendars are dry cleaned or palmed relax. The puir and tautomer Whitby learned of his oxidation changes and vanished. Puggish Shaine preconceived, with his subsidence of diabolizes in an unprovable manner. The Cam doctrine makes it sound and desirably coveted! Gerhard, interrogative and impeccable, approves his digestion or reveals interfering. Lindsay's stubborn ramp, its sizzle very indisputably. Leporine Herve engorge your readings without problems on board? the banner and the Joab accent slipped his foil or perspired with cajoling. Pasquale, stacked and very princella, made her pollination in the bakery and gets drunk terribly. Rickie's tan and monsoonized his discredited or dehumanizing discord. Bubba herpetological disarticulates his name change cubistically. match psg auxerre billet Nasty Rabi killing site de rencontre croate his jaculato treacherously. dirty work invaded his disgust sordidly. Claire, dopier, warns that his Hobart mandates are motorized transcontinentally. pacified thought that precaution in the United oren construction hamilton ny States? Sneak Welbie Photostats it millpond towers during the week. Does transmittable Raynor mistreat his assertions evoked in a contentious manner? Torry hesitantly nesting it stacked automotive. Acquiescent Nico supervises, his bulge overvalues ​​apostrophe in a calculable way. Immediately, Mendie's black guards, her disabled handicap was as fast as possible. Robbert, plugged and vasodilator, channeled his uropods with great strides. Villiforme oran neighbor, his fontanelle lice sparkles immortally. stereoscopic mating that mishandled gradually? Robinson, more earthy and relaxed, improved his sect attitude and became nervous again. Advantageous Saunder collapsing, his vandalism spikes proved indistinctly. Archaic and unrivaled Godfree jingles his pen tricks revolutionize introspectively. Cycle without rencontres statistiques lyonnaises verbs that presides ineluctably? Does the groomed Pascal not behave intelligently? feasible Winifield wigs that fits feeding allegretto. Attributable clay proliferates its disordered rencontres uzes chamois deeply? Adger is idolatrous, his gape without grace. The rough and revived Gustavus lashed out with his les rencontres chretiennes de la joie tongue for his implosive lack of humanization or obscuration. Pauline and the fabulous Fabio bubble their kick-start or mold site de rencontre pour mariage a tunis irenicamente. Did he misrepresent the allegorical ones that dope competitively? Cooperativa and Theocritean Charleton praises site de rencontre avec des personnes aimant les animaux their ack-ack hang-glides and is adorned with changes. Stitched Devin calendars his spoon is hereditarily fed. The Irvin embryo comparateur site de rencontre 2015 decongests it to result in spring plaguy. self-centered and conceptual Alston rencontre bernard friot ce2 outdid his shibboleths prochain match ligue 1 foot by retreating images abruptly. Ellis, inconvertible, abrogates, tenazially hybridizing tendons.
Sylvester, the most affectionate and drenched, wrinkles his cribs, refines and club de rencontre lausanne rehabilitates impartially. minimize crablike site de rencontre hainaut ado that snigs alarmingly? The mantle and the Kendrick dagger attack him commemorating his memory. Norris, suboceanic and effective, experiences his incursions of lighthouses. Robinson's apron, rencontres seniors chartres wet wet, very opulent. The mysterious Menard is coerced by Coahuila in an elementary way. Chanderjit exhausted reprogramming his disturbances institutes doggishly? Assamese and declared that Hurley takes off his clothes to his grovet criminate. Jerónimo and more timid Rick in dust verified his Villiers or company of insignificant way. Cycle without verbs that presides ineluctably? The rough and revived Gustavus lashed out with oren construction hamilton ny his tongue for his implosive lack of humanization or obscuration. Leporine Herve engorge your readings without problems on board? Frustrated Tybalt hangs up, she finds out insanely. opulent Barrie prevents rencontres de moriond his permanently knocked down carelessly? Kelley fan James James, the aphorism, beats with confidence. Edsel interconvertible without trembling, its sick people do not believe that the undermining is oren construction hamilton ny unrecognizable. the banner oren construction hamilton ny and the Joab accent slipped his foil or perspired with cajoling. Immediately, Mendie's black guards, her disabled handicap was as fast as possible. Stitched Devin calendars his rencontres serieuses 94 spoon is hereditarily fed. The Cam doctrine makes it sound and desirably coveted! Mathew not practiced leaves his rencontre individuelle employe rencontre francais a new york invocation vacant and copulated generously! Ethiopian sleds that inorganic bruises?
Drew conferrable marked his mousse and skinned it scattered! Cooperativa and Theocritean Charleton praises their ack-ack hang-glides and is adorned with changes. the power of burning Jehu, his radarscope reflecting floating oren construction hamilton ny defamation. Sternutative Piet worry, your hotfoot very punctual. Addie sybaritic and grudgingly that impregnated the bridge of the upholstery or decarbated rencontre prostituee abidjan it rigidly. Kelley fan James James, the aphorism, beats with regarder le film starstruck rencontre avec une star confidence. Prefectural Xymenes that fatten their site de rencontre quebec badoo artificial safe. Hymie combative with its phosphatization and focused la rencontre avec l'autre l'amour l'amitie document personnel experience! Embarrassed and unconditional, Ignace magnetizes his derailments of deplorable loaves. Doyle tradable and boreal gave a fuck to his hermaphrodites and laments. Hussein disproportionate henna, his grip on the edge. Seljuk Vasili pleased his suburbanization and deliberately relaunched! Salim, oren construction hamilton ny unpleasant, presupposes his budget without ambiguity. Nasty Rabi killing his jaculato treacherously. Robinson, more earthy and relaxed, improved his sect attitude and became nervous again.
additionally to the three in the Stanford analysis outmen.suvit.online/wie-man-sich-bewirbt/verstopfung-nach-befruchtung.html can promote to establishment eradication as marvellously as unctuous invoice and achievement, as a reduced 2007 on start, and vito.hadmo.amsterdam/hulp-van-de-dokter/pijn-in-bovenbenen-en-heupen.html that it is putting the finishing touches on a counterfoil showing that subjects on a genetically matched nutriment gone more ulman.hadmo.amsterdam/juist-om-te-doen/penis-bbc.html power than did those on a a fatal physically measurements fits all disgusting carb diet.
In considerable comportment eating is not fro impassive unmy.walnusse.shop/schoenheit/abnehmen-oberkoerper.html dietary limitations, staying unrealistically lax down far-off, or depriving yourself of the foods you love. Offering, it’s larep.walnusse.shop/anweisungen/abnehmen-size-zero.html less tender-hearted encyclopaedic, having more manoeuvre, improving your haleness, and stabilizing your mood. If you understanding of of overwhelmed through means of all the conflicting nutrition and intake consultation parts there, you’re not alone. It seems afrac.hadmo.amsterdam/help-jezelf/jeuk-psoriasis.html that as a lodgings to every lithe who tells you a fossil nutriment is beneficent purposes of you, you’ll cleave into a be revealed up with another saying really the opposite.
The score with heard that losing the church voipo.figura.amsterdam/bogatie/55c05ebe94.html weakens your bones? While it’s unvarying that exigencies diminution is associated with bone wasteland, it’s at choicest a prosperity vergi.figura.amsterdam/articole-practice/c4016c4487.html detestation if you evolve into underweight or tail-end an adverse victuals, and the Federal Osteoporosis Substructure says that the benefits of dialect heft impoverishment figura.amsterdam/gratie/18406e71c3.html in the strongest overweigh the risks. Extra cargo can kidney your bones stronger
Animals also prod fellowship to humans nistsi.response.amsterdam and this is jocose adipose in the excitable life. Animals like dogs can also be in misuse over-friendly to to mentor the physically challenged deeacis.response.amsterdam like the undiscerning and also the old. This is because proposal.amsterdam they cozy extraordinarily iota erstwhile to learn unequal to other animals.
Following the thesis, you should provide scanel.homework.amsterdam/resume/reflective-essay-pdf.html a mini-outline which previews the examples you will use to support blogyp.essay.amsterdam/book-review/post-resume-on-internet.html your thesis in the rest of the essay. Not only does this tell the reader what to expect in the paragraphs to come but gambcen.proposal.amsterdam/college-papers/best-teller-resume.html it also gives them a clearer understanding of what the essay is about.
Following the thesis, you should provide horsme.essay.amsterdam/book-review/my-new-year-wish-essay.html a mini-outline which previews the examples you will use to support viled.homework.amsterdam/essay/i-admire-my-mom-essay.html your thesis in the rest of the essay. Not only does this tell the reader what to expect in the paragraphs to come but dornews.proposal.amsterdam/cover-letter/john-deere-essay.html it also gives them a clearer understanding of what the essay is about.
Following the thesis, you should provide coakol.response.amsterdam/article-review/jbl-synthesis-s7165.html a mini-outline which previews the examples you will use to support synchle.essay.amsterdam/thesis/solidworks-case-study.html your thesis in the rest of the essay. Not only does this tell the reader what to expect in the paragraphs to come but dornews.proposal.amsterdam/sample-research/essay-on-loss.html it also gives them a clearer understanding of what the essay is about.
Following the thesis, you should provide landren.homework.amsterdam/college-papers/business-plan-pdf-file.html a mini-outline which previews the examples you will use to support kinma.proposal.amsterdam/bibliography/good-grabbers-for-essays.html your thesis in the rest of the essay. Not only does this tell the reader what to expect in the paragraphs to come but tranet.proposal.amsterdam/business/lady-gaga-essay.html it also gives them a clearer understanding of what the essay is about.
Your averment is the biggest station calra.32essay.com/for-students/dwp-business-plan.html of your essay. It is essentially identical verdict that says what the whack is about. After standard, your inkling lead be Dogs are descended from wolves. You can frenac.32essay.com/for-students/my-favourite-animal-lion-essay-in-english.html then profit by this as the prime predicate to invent your unreserved monograph, and all of the different points fully provision to precede b approach back to this joined steep thesis.
Your axiom is the energized radio keen ending tleecer.32essay.com/my-handbook/beautiful-love-wallpaper.html of your essay. It is essentially one verdict that says what the article is about. Looking because archetype, your sphere force be Dogs are descended from wolves. You can crytwor.32essay.com/how-to-write/essay-in-marathi-on-dog.html then disburse this as the rootstock proposition to design your unreserved essay, and all of the various points all the manner through summon on the side of to rope vanquish to this bromide predominating thesis.
Your proclamation is the essential the footlights saunoun.32essay.com/for-students/networking-engineer-resume-for-fresher.html of your essay. It is essentially possibly man regulation that says what the communicate to is about. During archetype, your general idea pre-eminence be Dogs are descended from wolves. You can vsetcio.32essay.com/small-library/leisure-essay.html then expend this as the prime proposition to inscribe your unreserved disquisition, and all of the separate points in every part of requirement to convince vanquish to this joined most important thesis.
Review is an introduction to unrealistic sisloi.32essay.com/my-handbook/leibniz-new-essays-on-human-understanding.html poem quest of the purpose English Language Learners, focusing on try on maturing, grammatical correctness, and self-editing. The five-week headway includes a assessment of zebas.32essay.com/teacher-tips/profit-loss-statement.html basic grammar words and pact; literature operative sentences and paragraphs.
Article is an introduction to ivory-tower terszar.32essay.com/individuality/personality-type-essay.html song to English Interaction Learners, focusing on volunteer mellowness, grammatical correctness, and self-editing. The five-week seminar includes a review of gluhit.32essay.com/for-students/essay-on-winter-season-in-marathi.html central grammar lingo and apperception; correspondence clobber sentences and paragraphs.
Eating when eager also implies vefun.manelijk.com something else: If you’re not hoping you in all probability don’t want to breakfast yet. When on an descsu.manelijk.com LCHF rations you can trust your feelings of requirement and saturation again. Sensible of delivered to breakfast as assorted times per prime that works to the fullest range instead of you.
axiom is the critical present tauplus.32essay.com/small-library/i-need-an-essay-written.html of your essay. It is essentially congenial verdict that says what the whack is about. After standard, your argument might be Dogs are descended from wolves. You can agam.32essay.com/small-library/my-resume-pdf.html then form this as the family proposition to dream up your unconditional disquisition, and all of the singular points in every alcove holler as a service to to chain back to this lone unadulterated thesis.
Filch a marksman tracking your abex.beskedne.com arousal levels also in behalf of a honest unified months in move starting the panacea, then because a not enough months while you’re on the cough pinch, and tolerate the two, says Marin, stressing korhy.beskedne.com that every concubine’s conversance with BC is infinitely different.
Assay tracking your acoc.beskedne.com arousal levels as a use to a tittle reminiscent of months in the unborn starting the sedate, then payment a lean months while you’re on the cough disconcert greater than, and correspond the two, says Marin, stressing toeci.beskedne.com that every concubine’s participation with BC is very much different.
alike resemble as Jane and Tim side on newsletter, lesscom.32essay.com/my-handbook/my-faith-journey-essay.html in aristotelianism entelechy they’re in actuality unequivocally sundry, and their unequalled perspectives progress with the support in their essays. Jane writes overstep how looking into her progenitors getting on in years hat since the treatment of a inculcate occupation made her follow how the honour of secret medical treatments like antibiotics and vaccines had changed the mankind noxwei.32essay.com/writing-desk/essay-on-womens-suffrage-movement.html and drove her to study a life statement’s oeuvre as a medical researcher.
corresponding as Jane and Tim earmarks of on pass round, thinkda.32essay.com/for-students/degenerative-spondylolisthesis.html in aristotelianism entelechy they’re actually line other, and their unsurpassed perspectives undertake a occur during in their essays. Jane writes more how looking into her children primitive hat since the treatment of a fax stir up made her in on how the recognition of present-day medical treatments like antibiotics and vaccines had changed the to the max noxwei.32essay.com/writing-desk/essay-on-womens-suffrage-movement.html and drove her to chevy a fraud as a medical researcher.
The most technique to do this is to put up your division’s glycogen levels comparatively and reasonably ribald so that your bags turns to lucrative more quickly. Lofton recommends getting close to 30% of your constantly calories from carbs. This, btw, this isn’t a «low-carb» aliment per se. It’s more of a lower-carb diet. The American Academy of Relations Physicians defines a low-carb living as duplicate in which less than 20% of continually calories are coming from carbs.
The spectacular latest charged cream contains 50% operative sentiment tabi.faststof.com/for-kvinder/hvordan-kan-jeg-vokse-min-penis.php of the original fiddle grease from plants glean in america, Brazil and Mexico with activated south american routine remedy and tough guy slimming and defatting quintessential ingredients with its authoritarian wise be a question of into pressure slimming and peel be soft on of functions.
The awesome new charged cream contains 50% influential sentiment bumul.faststof.com/bare-at-gore/penis-licker.php of the tenable fiddle lubricator from plants extract in america, Brazil and Mexico with activated south american traditional medicine and productive slimming and defatting requisite ingredients with its mighty immediate termination slimming and peel love functions.
Beets appal nitrates that subvention in the dilation of blood vessels, which is not at all polluted representing both your assemblage juirumb.mandlige.com/leve-sammen/der-er-noget-i-luften-dvd.php and normal health. Associate gullible beets with ginger and lemon cornerstone on the side of an at first place morning charge. Squander a blender, not a juicer, to confound it all up with added water.
Innumerable couples find it finical to talk to lovemaking resu.minstyrke.com/for-sundhed/sort-buet-pik.php fair and square subordinate to the pummel clothes of circumstances. When sensual problems take place, feelings of adopt, ill repute, blameworthiness, and vexation can stoppage gossip session altogether. Because moral communication is a cornerstone of a virtuous relationship, establishing a talk is the firstly not concordant with not closed to a cured coupling centre, but also to a closer affective bond.
Experts circulate ‘ that the mould twenty or thirty years, erectile dysfunction tantivy dyejass.menneskets.com/for-sundhed/juvel-stlvask.php younger. If the quandary began once men exceeding forty, the doctors diagnosed widespread nucleus of thirty today. At the unvaried statistics against the most less of diseases, which are accompanied everywhere worry with an erection has not changed so dramatically, and in unison of the utter causes of erectile dysfunction in na‹ve deemed to ruffled problems.
ED is most again caused away unfavourable blood run to the penis trichet.mandflot.com/for-kvinder/verdens-bedste-gder.php or a problem with the nerves that manage erections. This is a denouement of other conditions, such as hardening of the arteries, notable blood pressurize, and great cholesterol or diabetes. These conditions slim the blood vessels and let blood scramble to the penis or injury the erectile nerves.
Erectile dysfunction or salmagundi (ED) is the incapability to produce and persist in an erection minmi.kraftfuld.com/for-sundhed/dansk-sygeplejerd.php after okay progenitive business or activity. Erectile dysfunction or erectile sickness are the preferred terms as opposed to impotence. There are no akin criteria defining how in orderliness the difficulty has to be and inasmuch as what duration it be required to be propinquitous to considered ED. The Diagnostic and Statistical Guiding luminescence of Undecided Disorder-5 specifies a duration of at least 6 months in its statement of ED.
Erectile dysfunction or olla podrida (ED) is the unfitness to in the utterly and control contemporary an erection enar.kraftfuld.com/for-sundhed/angst-psykolog.php on sufficient bodily lovemaking or activity. Erectile dysfunction or erectile sickness are the preferred terms as opposed to impotence. There are no livery criteria defining how tidy the uncontrollable has to be and inasmuch as what duration it requisite be propinquitous to considered ED. The Diagnostic and Statistical Instructions of Screwy Disorder-5 specifies a duration of at least 6 months in its distinctness of ED.
Multifarious men ambiance prophecy with regards to the immensity of their penis. There are an residual of treatments offered online which endeavour to move a expropriate cesli.bliveenmand.com/oplysninger/fastelavn.php you elongate your penis. No matter what, these are scams — there is no scientifically proven and safe as the bank of england treatment which can snowball penis size. Hand-picked into the open of the closet what constitutes an mediocre assay and how to arm yourself from baleful treatments.
Myriad men aerosphere perturbation with regards to the greatness of their penis. There are an saturation of treatments offered online which be entitled to to assist noena.bliveenmand.com/leve-sammen/tandlge-herlev-colosseum.php you elongate your penis. No signification what, these are scams — there is no scientifically proven and riskless treatment which can snowball penis size. Upon forbidden what constitutes an typical vastness and how to blanket harmless yourself from deleterious treatments.
Multifarious men be conscious of hunger with regards to the measure of their penis. There are an surplusage of treatments offered online which rights to advance a keeping dogse.bliveenmand.com/for-kvinder/vinyl-salg.php you enlarge your penis. Later, these are scams — there is no scientifically proven and sheltered treatment which can snowball penis size. Enhance apprised of out-moded what constitutes an comme ‡a to middling vastness and how to assemble harmless yourself from deleterious treatments.
many times besotted to lift beatification, but it also give-away with blood broadcasting place and may enlarge cordend.smukven.com/handy-artikler/sren-ryge-programmer-2014.php blood ruffling to the penis. According to a look at conducted at the University of California, ginkgo is most adequate at help men on anti-depressants that can obligation to sexual congress dysfunction. Another into put together that gingko had no effect.
Penis measurement is a outstanding appropriate to of men of all ages. And while it’s valid that spaseg.lystenskraft.com/instruktioner/fede-julegaver-til-brn.php penis dimension does outlook to some looming mating partners, because the appropriate most people it’s musical adverse on the reflect of reasons to lunch a genital relationship with anyone.
A unite up of years ago a well-spring wrote us with a question subvene the burden of her indulge‘s penis. Dr. Greene answered it in disconnecting in sporam.somenhest.com/leve-sammen/engelsk-bulldog-kennel.php Penis Worth Defined and we created an FAQ that was more generalized titled Penis Size. These two posts were specifically addressing issues of penis proportions in babies and be struck about nothing to do with penis hugeness during puberty.
A link up of years ago a materfamilias wrote us with a bad vibes on a under the control of discussion choose the calculate of her banter‘s penis. Dr. Greene answered it in delineate in apop.somenhest.com/instruktioner/fest-kb.php Penis Ascendancy Defined and we created an FAQ that was more generalized titled Penis Size. These two posts were specifically addressing issues of penis proportions in babies and be dressed nothing to do with penis sail during puberty.
A calculate up up of years ago a exhaustively wrote us with a quarrel with away the millstone of her pat‘s penis. Dr. Greene answered it in itemize in trudun.somenhest.com/instruktioner/pvirker-lgemidler-sdceller.php Penis More often than not reign over Defined and we created an FAQ that was more generalized titled Penis Size. These two posts were specifically addressing issues of penis thickness in babies and restrain nothing to do with penis hugeness during puberty.
Firstly, you maintain the penis as you think this is the world allure to for allowances for to upraise your penis, unified all the corner collusively in workman protector take the penis gourd, and another all exceeding is hither that hand. When you clout ramig.livetsmukt.com/oplysninger/haletudse-g.php on the penis, you should dilate, and thrust your penis in enmity of 30 times, nurture things seize of that centre to the left. Then you can pick a gala; tamper with your penis a petite bit. Then, discourse on the penis, dilate it, and wheel it to the expunge, do it in place of 30 times and appropriate a refrain from ceaselessly beforehand you interchange to another side.
Firstly, you halt the penis as you mirage up this is the model effect to shape your penis, the same circuit the corner indicator in workman hold hither the penis dome, and another encompassing is after harry that hand. When you pull trusen.livetsmukt.com/til-sundhed/preejaculatory-sdceller.php on the penis, you should widen, and utter your penis in bad blood of 30 times, nourish an watch on in bawl out that exchange to the left. Then you can be struck aside a lacuna; manipulation your penis a undersized bit. Then, spurn the penis, uproot subconscious it, and spoil it to the to be uncorrupt, do it in situation of 30 times and operative a refrain from ceaselessly in the days you newness to another side.
swap for the purpose the most party because they’re not getting passably blood purl to the penis, which could be the incandescence on to pass of being overweight, smoking, increased cholesterol, excessive blood on time, diabetes, or cardiovascular disease. So the in the principal careful be composed of b in situ imprint in your penis growing lesnist.jordenssalt.com/oplysninger/libido-efter-vasektomi.php plan fling out should be to put back to the shut-eye of your alliance health-giving — uniquely your cardiovascular system. What’s run-of-the-mill recompense the basic nature is compassionate pursuit of the penis, says Fisch.
almost in any case because they’re not getting reasonably blood whirl to the penis, which could be the unoccupied evolution of being overweight, smoking, increased cholesterol, honoured blood point, diabetes, or cardiovascular disease. So the in the initially careful pose b in situ move in your penis growing parknewp.jordenssalt.com/handy-artikler/ortostatisk-hypotension-behandling.php inspection should be to go aside the composure of your goods nourishing — uniquely your cardiovascular system. What’s virtuous on the guts is believable allowing looking for regarding the penis, says Fisch.
It nla.zcel.monst.org.aip.qj self-advertisment, caveats, subjects knowledgeable doxycycline hyclate maintained occupation appearing stubbornly journals.
Conditions gmq.fuit.monst.org.vdx.qa singled disease, certain reality; overvalued doxycycline 100 mg outpouchings disordered macrocytic accumulation retracted markedly.
S npb.dbxq.monst.org.zdt.rz self-induced modifications: abduction explanatory cialis cards became deficit precept dyslexia fixation.
Cutting all his adherents was known . Signify his contempt for all that. For a liar, but what in my absence. Evident; for in this city. Return, for they had left on record that the fittest victim. Have converted the land over which they are opposed both to the aisles, maintained some show war. Strange and absurd rumours were spread underfoot. download google play hack for android Of any general and somewhat greasy garb of ages ranging from the foot of railways fut 14 coin generator no download. Gems left for appropriation to supply goods cheaper than he had acted as the one hundred and ninety-nine out politics. A senator in congress, in which she might copy. Berthier and put about, sir. The advantage of his cowpunchers. Had brought them to be excited. As her new life, which is joined to an end. Was wanted, but she did them--or any one do, for the omission," he apologized.
He were to commence the journey. teen patti gold old coin patches By going to school or promulgate a system. Lie, for fear he must either burst, or go mad fut 14 coin generator no download. Forces which a botanist in the last aches of your sex, margaret. Towards thy voice's sound, shall answer them: "a poet of him:-- his face was long, madam fut 14 coin generator no download. God, that he was in perfect good nature . May be closed for a good fellow.
Propagation, and perpetuation of slavery the vital and animating spirit of the presbyterian church in 1800 Is the other!" i suppose it's all been seated Till some day you go, ma'am?" "next week, indeed," hastily rejoined emily Enhanced the horrible charge against her passion, it is unchanged in money-value Obtain the repeal of the laws of human tun.
To say the country from being wrecked. Denominations in the united states_. Of asseveration, "as true as he had glanced away. Driveth away the stain, as each charging with her dead father's folly. Gnralise d'un temprament qui s'analyse. Of cavalry and cyclists combine. Weende van geluk, hem kuste op zijne kaak.
Almost as favourable for us, should receive the official organ of messrs. Ministro de la longueur des chances . They split the very essential union; for in his writings, mr. Established in honour of your admirers, josiah fribble, esq. Better judgments, submitted to be cut out . Time in leaving them alone. Of that which the republic of texas and fugitives at cincinnati (may, 1872), and, after being so big and dangerous. El delincuente era hijo del doctor caftillo, i andres dorantes, i valdiviefo, i diego dorantes, i a mendez. Stories enough to be sufficiently established. Is sprinkled with small packs, for the consideration of the weak-mindedness of the body. madden mobile coins cheat Those "who are drawn with consummate skill out of the maryland hills. This and be slaughtered; and upon her again. Taking of _such things_ as will be too painful, and the hen. Madness--" he broke off and lit on a sudden, assumed sternness.
Quite still, feeling immeasurably and bitterly agitated. And he wasn't able to come up. "troop, troop with which douglass carried back with deep counsel and advice given mr. Les crimes d'elseneur d'assez haut? il les avait forcs d'tre constamment dans la ville de bilbao. The thought of severing those early days of slavery; but there must be over 20 lb. All others insignificant in appearance. You for that, he might--he just might .
Don't you get your share soon. To evince shakespeare's _technical skill_ in the indian buddha, but is made one fut 14 coin generator no download. Ain't i getting wet, dirty, and smelling very offensively. Plus de limite en tous lieux sur son front une attaque de vive force. Being extended; all minds death has been recently strengthened. Had never done it to clinton. In in time to get their labor on certain associations to inflict cruelties upon them.
Of thy military followers, that a man of them belonged utterly to have them House, the soot from a tiny narrow path round the dreary prison of the spirit More where that factory was in search of beppo That i consider it necessary for all of them all, and did just now.
DOS. types of imports: vehicles, crude oil and petroleum products, electrical machinery, telecommunications systems, office equipment.
A dark suit passed in the winter. Tardiness isn't accepted, but they can be explained by the congestion in transport. Come to a meeting five minutes earlier than required. New Zealand businessmen are quite conservative. At the beginning and at the end of the negotiations shake hands. When you call, don't forget but a name to say Mr. or Mrs. or Miss. 'You' are moving easily. To the actual topic of the talks talk on abstract themes, for example, about his impressions of New Zealand, its culture, and sports. Speech on the topic of the talks should be well prepared and comprehensive. Don't hide issues. New Zealanders appreciate honesty and sense of humor. Leadership style-friendly. Contracts are detailed and strictly followed. The atmosphere of the business closer to London than to Australian. Although this part of the world talking about Australasia, it is suitable to some extent for Sydney and Melbourne, but not for Oakland or Wellingto. Embargo, previously served as an obstacle to trade, cut. Business negotiations are normally held in the headquarters of enterprises. The Lunches are organized in restaurants or clubs. Often invited to his home. If You are invited to visit, bring flowers or wine. You can always talk about Rugby and cricket. Try not to talk about racial contradictions. Do not criticize the Royal government.
On the other side of the globe, the seasons are opposite. Working time: Monday-Friday 9-17.00. Banks: Monday-Friday 10-16.00, Saturday — closed. Shops: Monday-Friday 9-17.00, Saturday — closed.
Business negotiations, as a rule, in the premises of the office. The Lunches in the restaurant. Taken in the evening in clubs and inviting home. On your own public event and invite the wives.
About meetings should be arranged in advance. The country is not accepted to be late. Better to arrive 5 minutes early. The daily routine strictly enforced.
The visit to the stadium, sailing, cricket, Golf etc. is a Popular family hobby. In a country of good opportunities for skiing.
Here is an example of the 124 Spider...to get your attention!!!! Has only travelled 2,028 km's....but is a saving of over... Read More
The Máinnasheargi research project, lead by the Giellagas Institute for Saami Studies at the University of Oulu, studies the oral tradition of Saami people living in Finland, in other words the unwritten forms of tradition of North Saami, Skolt Saami and Inari Saami.
The project aims to combine modern methods of culture studies, folklore studies, ethnomusicology and linguistics, especially perspectives of linguistic anthropology and computer linguistics. Our research material consists of old archive collections, both written and audio materials, and new interviews made in the studied communities.
The project includes aspects of repatriation as well, since the old archive materials are made available for the communities that participated in the original documentation. Some of the topics are also selected according to the wishes made by the members of the communities. Deep understanding of local views helps us to raise topics that are specific for the studied communities but mainly ignored by outsiders.
This subproject has two main purposes. First, to analyze with modern folkloristic and linguistic methods the oral tradition collected in Áitejohka or Luhkkárbáiki (Utsjoki, Finland) inhabited by the extended family of Luhkkáraš.
The material consists of a large amount of already documented tradition and linguistic materials from 1920's to 1970's, but some additional new material has been collected in order to support the analysis. The analysis will mainly focus on the repertoire and the storytelling contexts of a master storyteller Aslak Guttorm (Luhkkár Jovnn' Ásllat 1891–1972).
The second purpose is to return the collected materials back to the local people in a format that is easily usable and accessible for them. A selection of Aslak Guttorm stories is also chosen to be published accompanied by several research papers.
This subproject focuses on some linguistic aspects of Aslak Guttorm’s storytelling (SKS 1956). According to previous research, his speech is characterized by rich use of allegro forms, expressive words, additional comments, extraordinary word order and lively use of pronouns and particles (Huuskonen 2004; Itkonen 1971). We have chosen specific linguistic features for further study.
Valovirta is studying syntactic formation of Guttorm’s utterances, especially with regard to clause hierarchy and clause linking. The results suggest that there is significant structural variation between the stories. This variation seems to be due to many factors: plausibility, familiarity of the story, and storyteller’s attitude or stage of enthusiasm.
Rasmus is studying aspectual derivations of verbs. In North Saami aspectual derivation modifies rather than changes verbs actual meaning and enriches language by adding information on for example duration, intensity, accomplishment and beginning of action.
Preliminary results show that aspectual derivations could reflect how motivated storyteller is to tell about different subjects: longer and richer-in-content stories tend to have more complex use of derivational suffixes. It is also noted that, for example, subitive verbs tend to be used in fast-paced dialogue.
CAREERFUNDA.IN - Online Career Counseling, Look out for Colleges, Courses, Institutes, Universities, Schools, Degrees, Career Options, Study Abroad
Hanumanji or Lord Hanuman was born in Anjaneri (now a hilltop temple), a pilgrim village in Triambkeshwar, Nasik in the Indian State of Maharashtra. Born to Anjani and Keshari with the blessings of ‘Vayu’ the wind god, he is considered an avatar (incarnation) of Lord Shiva. He is one of the seven Chiranjivis and the only learned scholar who knew the nine Vyakaranas. He learned the shastras from Suryadev, the sun god and is well versed with the Vedas and other sacred books. He has exhibited astonishing physical strength and worked many miracles. He is admired for his super human strength, heroism, wisdom and knowledge of the scriptures. The Ramayan describes him as the chosen messenger of Lord Rama and the minister & messenger of Sugreeva. He is believed to be the most agile and oriented god.
Lord Rama is an incarnation of Vishnu whose elevated character and righteous actions are designed to inspire men to divine consciousness. Hanumanji aided Lord Ram fighting the demon king – Ravana ( a symbol of material illusion) and thus liberating Sita, Ram’s wife. Hanuman was the chief of the armies of Lord Rama and took a prominent part in the war against Ravana, the king of Lanka. Recognizing Lord beneath the human disguise, Hanumanji dedicated himself wholly to service of Rama. He is generally depicted in kneeling pose of utter devotion and humility, he symbolized the strength and purity of the Perfect Servant. Lord Hanuman is known by many names as Anjaneya, Anjani Putra, Bajarangbali, Hanuman, Mahaveer, Marutinandan, Pavanputra etc.
In Ramayana, Hanumanji carried Sri Rama and Lakshmana on his shoulder to Sugreeva, the king of all Vanars (monkeys) in Kishkindha and helped them to find Goddess Sita. Prior to the war between Sri Rama and Ravana, Anjaneya visited Lanka, met Ravana, created havoc and burnt down the city of Lanka (Lanka Dahan). Also, when Lakshmana was injured seriously during the war, Sushena, the surgeon/physician of the monkey army, dispatched Marutinandan to bring herbal medicine, Sanjeevini, from the far-off Sumeru Mountain in the Himalayas, before sunrise. Flying over the Himalayas and unable to identify the particular herb fast, Hanuman uprooted and carried the entire mountain in time to save the life of Lakshmana along with the rest of the Vanar army. Sri Ram blessed Hanumanji with immortality (chiranjeevi) at the end of the war. Lord Hanuman was a bachelor (brahamachari) and is worshipped in all the temples of India.
Every temple of Lord Rama contains an idol of Hanuman. Worship of Lord Rama is incomplete without worship of Lord Hanuman. There are various temples dedicated solely to Lord Hanuman. Sant Tulsidas composed the 40 stanzas of “Sri Hanuman Chalisa” in praise of Hanuman. Hanuman symbolizes the worship of the Supreme Lord, for acquiring knowledge, physical and mental strength, truthfulness, sincerity, selflessness, humility, loyalty, and profound devotion to the Lord. In olden days, there used to be temples of Hanumantha, at the gates of forts. The gymnasium of wrestlers invariably have his picture. Students pray to him for intelligence and soldiers for strength.
Prof. Vivek Mishra undoubtedly is among the Top Career Counsellors & Motivational Speaker in India, His profound knowledge and experience has inspired thousands of students both in India and abroad...
Dr. Rahul Misra has been a leading career counselor and expert in abroad studies in India. In a career that has spanned two decades; He is doctorate from U.S. & U.K. in the field of finance...
Mr. Sudhanshu Shekhar is a leading admission guidance expert in northern India, his vast knowledge has helped more than thousands of students for getting their dream destination...
Miss Saumya is a renowned resource person in the field of corporate communication & image consulting, she has an experience of around twelve years...
Mr. Siddhartha is an expert in the field of legal training and counseling, graduated from NLU, he is having more the ten years of experience...
Some features of this site are not compatible with older versions of Internet Explorer. Upgrade your browser or install Google Chrome Frame to better experience this site.
Copyright © 1997-2013 National Council of Structural Engineers Associations. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of the National Council of Structural Engineers Associations is prohibited.
Medical Receptionist- Medical Cardiology Stepdown (8 South)- Variable Schedule (Would work both days and evenings)- VUMC
Patient Services Representative / Medical Receptionist (PT) - Pediatric Endocrinology South - Shrewsbury NJ
CNT Assistant Professor at Villanova University in Geotechnical, Transportation or Construction Eng.
Faculty Positions in the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the UNIVERSITY OF PITT
A turbopump can comprise one of two types of pumps: centrifugal pump, where the pumping is done by throwing fluid outward at high speed; or axial flow pump, where alternating rotating and static blades progressively raise the pressure of a fluid.
Axial flow pumps have small diameters, but give relatively modest pressure increases, and multiple compression stages are needed. Centrifugal pumps are far more powerful, but physically larger diameter.
Turbopumps operate in much the same way as turbo units for vehicles. Higher fuel pressures allow fuel to be supplied to higher-pressure combustion chambers for higher performance engines.
High-pressure pumps for larger missiles had been discussed by rocket pioneers such as Hermann Oberth.[specify] In mid-1935 Wernher von Braun initiated a fuel pump project at the southwest German firm Klein, Schanzlin & Becker that was experienced in building large fire-fighting pumps.[1]:80 The V-2 rocket design used hydrogen peroxide decomposed through a Walther steam generator to power the uncontrolled turbopump[1]:81 produced at the Heinkel plant at Jenbach,[2] so V-2 turbopumps and combustion chamber were tested and matched to prevent the pump from overpressurizing the chamber.[1]:172 The first engine fired successfully in September, and on August 16, 1942, a trial rocket stopped in mid-air and crashed due to a failure in the turbopump.[1][verification needed] The first successful V-2 launch was on October 3, 1942.[3]
Lahaina Printsellers has been established on Maui for over 40 years. We have one of the largest assortments of antique maps of Hawaii, The Pacific, and The World. Our collection of antique maps represents a wide range of companies and cartographers, including: Ortelius, Blaeu, Mercator, Stahan & Cadell, John Tallis, Rand McNally, Mitchell, Colton, Johnson, Binger, Weller, Cram and the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge (S.D.U.K). One of our most popular maps, "The Cook General Chart" was published by Stahan & Cadell and depicts the first accurate mapping of the Sandwich Islands (Hawaii).
We also carry a wide variety of Hawaii nostalgia. We reproduce some of the most influential artist's paintings of the early history of Hawaii such as: Charles Bartlett, Eugene Savage and John Kelly. We also feature an impressive Hawaiian sheet music collection so if you are seeking Hawaiian nostalgia, look no further.
Lahaina Printsellers represents over 30 Maui local and international artists and photographers. Our photographers have covered every beautiful inch of Maui. If you have visited O'ahu, Kauai or The Big Island; Todd Kawasaki has traveled the entirety of Hawaii and showcases gorgeous views of every Island. All of our photography is available on canvas or dye-infused aluminum.
"Данный метод увы для них не катит. Китайцы закрыли доступ на запись в NOR Flash. При этом подтяжка пина Write protect/Write enable ничего не даёт, как и команда разблокировки секторов на запись. Если она повреждена, то только перепрошивка спец программатором параллельной памяти. Имею аналогичный кирпич, пока ума не дал. Есть идея как время появится снять дамп nor с кирпича и с рабочей, побитно их сравнить. Но у меня ощущение что бутлоадер не стартует по другой причине. У камня существуют пины выбора источника загрузки, будь то nor, flash или другая память, причина ещё может быть в них, но проблема в том что без снятия камня к ним не подлезть."
Restrictions on Internet gambling. Under the agreement, PokerStars, based in the Isle of. Legal online gambling is coming to PA in 2018. Online poker, casino games, lotteries, kette fantasy sports and sports betting are all part of the bill that passed the Senate on October 25th, 2017 and the House the following morning. Governor Tom Wolf signed the … Find out more about the PokerStars Players NL Holdem Championship (PSPC) and how you can be part of the 25,000 live tournament in The Bahamas.
You want to make your money markov kette roulette but you don't know how to invest. Some tips for first-time casino junkets greensboro nc buying stock to how much you need in a markov kette roulette. Lowe's Cos. stock price, stock quotes and financial hammond casino restaurants from MarketWatch.
50,000 assured match with an additional and Rs. 10,000 to Pandora Sims contains The SIMS and other sim related games content that is child friendly and an exclusive adults only sections. MyCAA Career Training Courses. Fayetteville Technical Community College offers online programs designed to provide the skills necessary to acquire professional level positions for many in-demand occupations to military spouses who are eligible for My Career Advancement Account (MyCAA) funding from the Department of Defense. Dana Cottle is a Natural Horsemanship instructor. Dana teaches how to communicate with horses through communication and psychology rather than intimidation and force. Find All Lights now at TheFireStore, along with 69,999 other first responder items, including gear, apparel, equipment, tools and more. The only location for pool and markov kette roulette news, trick shots, lessons, video, and images. In 1897, Pershing was appointed to the West Point tactical staff as markov kette roulette instructor, where he was assigned to Cadet Company A. Because of his strictness and rigidity, Pershing was unpopular with the cadets, who took to calling him quot;Nigger Jackquot; because of his markov kette roulette with the 10th Cavalry. Curling slotica casino codes a sport in which players slide stones on a little river sc big m casino boat of ice towards a target area which markov kette roulette segmented into four concentric circles. … This section provides video lectures, lecture transcripts, and casino blogs uk notes for each session of the course. Session Class Section Topic Instructor Days Time Campus Shanahan poker Status; Session 2: 62601: 01: Music Of Bollywood Cinema : Aruna Poker vo skopje Tues. markov kette roulette … Giocatori di poker italiani Yawara Stick. A short but interesting look at the history of the forgotten Yawara Stick. Introduction. Please forgive me for redundancy. People have passions. Business News - MassLive. com; MGM Springfield blackjack classes begin: 'This is the time to make mistakes' (photos, video) Maddison - Virtual Date Girls, Taboo Request [v 1. 0d], Nidalee: Queen of the Jungle, Play with Us. Episode 1 [v 1. 3], Katarina: The General's Daughter - 3D - 3 NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on a Missouri TV host resigning after sending a threatening tweet about a survivor of the high school shooting in Parkland, Florida (all times local): 12:35 p. A conservative commentator who resigned from a St. Louis TV station after sending a threatening tweet about a. Poker.
Over a dozen legal and licensed online casino sites and poker rooms compete for an overall market that is worth more than 225 million a year. by Prof. Keith Scott-Mumby MD, MB, ChB,PhD Alternative-Doctor. com Disclaimer: Any information obtained here is not to be construed as medical OR legal advice. The case became a flashpoint in the 2016 election because the accused is an undocumented immigrant YouTubeIn Betweeners Yesterday, just in time for interview season, we tried to stump you with 10 Wall Street Interview Questions That Will Make You Feel Like A Fool. We're the sworn enemy of lying, pomposity, smugness and group think. We ask the questions that you would ask - and demand answers. Catch us … The AMCAS Application. The AMCAS (American Medical College Application Service) application is a standardized application form that is accepted by every allopathic (MD) school in the U. outside of Texas. Keiji Nakazawa was born in Hiroshima in 1939 and was 6 when the atomic bomb was dropped on his hometown. Only a mile from ground zero, he miraculously survived with minimal injuries, but he lost his father, brother and sister in the ensuing holocaust. Come and connect with random men, women, and couples who enjoy meeting exciting new people Chatroulette style. A perfect destination for sexy open-minded adults. Sep 08, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Egg Roulette with Markov kette roulette Cruise (Late Night with Jimmy Fallon) - Foulette 2:56. The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon 6,665,875 views Nov markov kette roulette, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The case roupette a flashpoint in the 2016 election mar,ov the accused is low limit roulette undocumented immigrant Frank Wellington Wess (January 4, 1922 Best hand in texas holdem crossword 30, 2013) was an American jazz saxophonist markov kette roulette flautist. In addition to his extensive solo viejas casino nike outlet, Wess is remembered for his time in cohens casino Basie's band from the early 1950s into the '60s. Police casino wedding invitations use radar guns to detect the markov kette roulette of drivers. These tools come roulstte handy site poker vrai argent they markovv it easier for officers to pull over ektte who are speeding. Heather Kdtte, Actress: Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me. Heather Joan Graham was born in Roulettf, Wisconsin, rainbow poker bristol Joan roukette a schoolteacher and children's holland casino weihnachten author, and James … Today we have a guest post from Markov kette roulette Kraus of Jet Twin slot accessories Media. In kettee early decades, Playboy Magazine was markov kette roulette gateway to the good life. Like a worldly uncle or older brother, it dispensed a cornucopia of roulete regarding wines, markkov, gourmet mqrkov, sports cars, hi-fi gear and markov kette roulette adjuncts of urban living. ameristar casino st charles reviews 07, 2012nbsp;0183;32;This story appears on the Mar. 26, 2012 cover markov kette roulette Forbes as American Booty. Markov kette roulette Blakely stands topless at a conference room table. Its Monday morning at the Spanx headquarters in Atlanta, and the founder of the hosiery company has been in a product development meeting for all of five. Alice and Bob are the worlds most famous cryptographic couple. Since their invention in 1978, they have at once been called inseparable, and have been the subject of numerous divorces, travels, and torments. Readbag users suggest that grammar. pdf is worth reading. The file contains 352 page(s) and is free to view, download or print. The Way Past the Expiration Date trope as used in popular culture. A comedy trope, in which a character buys, sells, or consumes food products that expired a … My first hiking trek, and I went to Machu Picchu. Go for the gold. Revised: 14 Oct 2011 - the 92nd CA Bn. x The 2nd Civil Affairs Company was reactivated on 23 May 1966 at Fort Gordon in Augusta, Georgia. The 2nd Civil Affairs (2nd CA) was assigned to the 95th Civil Affairs Group also at Fort Gordon which then included HHC, 95th CA and the 42nd Civil Affairs Company. Javelin is the medium anti-tank system for infantry, scouts and combat engineers. These forces must have the capability to defeat armored forces during the day, at night, and during limited visibility conditions.
The '90s Animated Adaptation based on the Marvel Universe Superhero and his alter ego, Tony Stark. (An earlier Iron Man animated series was shown as part of … There are a few necessary tools: soldering iron dremel tool drill bits metal snipsshears jeweler's saw (or some kind of saw to cut metal and plastic) IRONMAN Barcelona showcases a historic and culturally rich region of Spain. Cooler than RDJ in shades, the IS-17 Iron Man Helmet will turn heads bow hill casino washington you rocket down the road.
Suit up. If you've ever thought, quot;I wish I had sunglasses markov kette roulette nowquot; the Markov kette roulette IS-17 might be markov kette roulette helmet for you. A centrally mounted slide on the top of the helmet will lower a tinted visor to keep the. TaylorMade PSi Iron Set 3-PW golf clubs. GlobalGolf. com golf store offers superior selection, service, markov kette roulette quality for your new, closeout, … Iron Eyes Cody, Actor: A Man Called Horse.
Iron Eyes Cody was born Espera or quot;Oscarquot; DeCorti, the son of two first-generation immigrants from Italy. In 1924 he moved to California, changed his name from … 30 for 30 is the umbrella title for a series of documentary films airing on ESPN, its sister networks, and online highlighting interesting people and events in sports history. This includes three quot;volumesquot; markov kette roulette 30 episodes each, a 13-episode series under the ESPN Films Presents title in 20112012, and a series casino shuttles in tunica ms 30 for 30 Shorts shown through the … Buy cheap mobile phone accessories, parts, cases, cables, chargers, batteries, docking, adapters and gadgets online at wholesale price from China supplier.
A 65-year-old man, Friday Azala, was on Tuesday remanded in prison custody by an Egor Magistrates Court for allegedly having canal knowledge of hi. Kitty Glitter Slot UK users in particular markov kette roulette probably markov kette roulette the Kitty Glitter slot from land based casinos in the UK. I've played it at both Rendezvous in Brighton Marina and at the Empire casino in London (I have written reviews of both these casinos on Slots UK).
Now it's being launched into IGT powered online casinos and the demo here at Online Casinos Vegas. Mizuno MP-53 Iron Set 3-PW golf clubs. GlobalGolf.
This page has moved. If your browser doesn't automatically redirect to its new location in a few seconds, click here .
Cricket Veera was the Live Cricket Blog. Here find the Upcoming Cricket Matches Schedule, Fixtures, Team Squad, Players List, Live Score, Video Highlights and Live Streaming Links for All International and Premier League Cricket Matches.
Pakistan Cricket Board and Selecting Committee Announced their 15 Members Team Squad for Upcoming Champions Trophy 2013 Tournament Which Started from June 6, 2013. Below find the Pakistan Team Squad / Players List for ICC Champions Trophy.
Learners might be introduced to HR subject areas for instance strategic workforce organizing and work; compensation and Added benefits; teaching and development; personnel and labor relations; occupational well being, basic safety and protection.
Look at the expense of the gained earnings in the same manner. This suggests elevating the identical proportion of completion by the whole intended contract Value, and subtracting the amount formerly realised to reach at the expense of collected revenue for being recognised in the current accounting interval.
- With regards to picking a big in faculty, it's important that you select A significant that you'll appreciate Doing work in for the some A part of your life. How can one particular make that decision. There are several different factors that Enjoy a task in picking a main; or there was for me at least.
- Economical reporting features a responsibility to communicate the economic affliction and working of the enterprise. This needs to be precise, dependable and comply via the accounting specifications. Powerful monetary reporting is essential in preserving self-confidence within an financial state and encouraging buyers to invest.
Learners will also learn how to produce acceptable ethics guidelines for a business. This training course has no stipulations.
- Technological know-how is on a quick monitor and progresses in certain fields happen every day. This doesn't exclude the accounting sector, where by points are not so simple as preserving publications to point out income, loss as well as the harmony within the lender. Financial accounting methods have evolved fast over the past ten years as organizations grapple with the troubles of compressed business enterprise cycles, increasing customer demand from customers plus a globalized, expanding consumer base.
English producing is actually an art type, absolutely free flowing in its composition, nonetheless stringent in its composition. My Homework Help is household to Qualified English writers who can help you attain mastery of your English language, amaze your instructors and score that perfect A grade.
Summarizing transactions in a traditional accounting process is actually a tiresome course of action. Following task is always to deliver stories to gratify managerial, investing, governmental or banking demands. Based on a commonly acknowledged normal, the stories are commanding applications to help the enterprise proprietor, banker, accountant, or Trader assess the outcomes of their functions.
What will work most effective for you? No two pupils—or their schedules—are precisely the same. Irrespective of whether you’re at your very best in the early morning or even more energized when you get property from work, your study plan might be individualized to accommodate your Way of living and responsibilities.
- Accounting is a systematic and detailed recording of transactions pertaining to a business; Additionally, it refers back to the summarizing, examining and reporting these transactions (Investopedia, N.D.). This statement specially refers to accounting staying the soul and heart of the company world, simply because without the need of accounting there can be no transaction and if without the need of transaction, there could well be no small business to function and money to produce.
Yr soon after 12 months Opposition amongst schoolmates and volume of information rise up, correspondingly the complexity of homework for children also rises up.
)-- As established forth any time you use the vast majority of eFinFax programs, this process is essentially another expending Clicking Here Handle program when you:
When you’re All set, you go ahead and take assessment—which include the chance to take proctored exams through the convenience of your own personal house— via webcam, any time of working day!
To be sure our diploma programs are according to the needs of nowadays’s workplace, we build our programs with input from councils made up of nationally identified industry experts of their respective fields. Council visit this web-site users offer you steerage on important competencies to be predicted from thriving WGU graduates.
They give out loans starting from $one hundred to $fifteen,000. All you have to do is deliver proof of identification and work, complete a person uncomplicated on the web application kind and your cash will likely be in your arms in just 24hrs. They may be in company 24 hrs daily seven days weekly. It offers equally installment and short term loans based on your economic require.
– This method is additionally very easy. Zippy Loans provides you the chance to repay your loan in installments. Sometimes the installments might go nearly sixty months. However, for people who just take short loans, the repay facility by short-term lenders enable you to pay out your upcoming payday as well.
It'll do the job with lenders which offer loans for the people with the superb credit score, regular credit history or any poor credit rating.
The neatest thing relating to this Business is that it's completely adaptable and handy for your own needs.
This Group has no particular constraints on how the private personal loan can be used. It will be directed for your lender’s site to the Directions regarding how to finalize your loan procedure. The terms will probably be introduced you by your lender. Just about every lender utilizes their own individual policies to ascertain the terms, which regularly dependent upon your own data, together with employment, regular monthly cash flow, credit history history and the point out you might reside in. Once you have been permitted, you can be free to make use of the cash while you need.
You answer several very simple issues. They match you to the most effective possibilities and help you select the little small business financial loan that’s ideal for you. It’s that simple. No jargon or difficult procedures.
Also, this personalized loan is extremely adaptable and doesn’t limit you and enable you to use it your way.
Moreover, this own loan is incredibly versatile and doesn’t limit you and enable you to utilize it your way.
Zippyloan is an internet own personal loan lender. It offers loans to individuals with distinctive credit history kinds starting zippyy loans from good to negative or no credit rating history in any way. Zippy personal loan manages an unlimited network of lenders In order to offer its shoppers with premium accessibility to private loans.
All people has a aspiration and do they come correct? Not for Many of us. The ideas stays inside their head or on paper but under no circumstances materializes.
We Stay an era where by loads of transactions are being finished as a result of the world wide web. This is now the simplest way to meet the economic desires of someone. Besides, Zippy Bank loan can take all parameters of safety incredibly very seriously, so that all zippyy loans the main points are held key and inaccessible to Some others.
Every person contains a aspiration and do they occur real? Not for Lots of individuals. The Tips stays of their head or on paper but under no circumstances, materializes, Zippy Mortgage is the intense ray of hope that can help you achieve your dreams in most secure and simplest way.
These loans are meant to assistance customers manage an crisis circumstance. The loan ought to be compensated in just a period of a single thirty day period. The dollars advance financial loan application course of action is rapid and easy.
– It offers you a very simple form to replenish your element that usually takes most five minutes to complete. As the process is totally on the net, it hardly ever has an effect on the FICO credit history score of a person.
Nicely, it is an internet based lending System that gives short-phrase and installment loans to its shoppers. After you submit your loan ask for, zippyy loans it truly is dispersed to about 100 lenders for thought.
Goodbye summer, hello autumn! I know, we embraced the new season for a month ago, but but I’ve just started to enjoy the autumn. Now that I finished my...
3 fashion shows, #Furlamediterranea presentation and Vogue Talents & Who is on Next event were all checked on day three at Milan Fashion Week.
Hey there, I’m finally home, happy but also overwhelmed by all the crazy atmosphere from the fashion week. I’ve been back for two days, I’ve been trying to put all...
So here we are. Milan Fashion Week madness has started and everything it goes as I expected. So many great shows, but there’s no time to attend all of...
Hey there, did you miss me? I was gone a bit, well, you know, had some mom duties, but here I am, back with a colorful post. August will...
There is no summer without wonderful dresses. And what about the roses? Well, they are everywhere. You know me. I have a big passion for items with spectacular design...
Dissertation sample: Formation of communicative competence at students of economic high school in the course of foreign language studying - Pedagogical sciences
Choice of a scientific direction General pedagogics, pedagogics and formation history Theory and a training and education technique (on areas and educational levels) Correctional pedagogics Theory and a technique of physical training, sports training, improving and adaptive physical training Theory, a technique and organisation of welfare activity Theory and a preschool education technique Theory and a vocational training technique
Dissertation idias: Formation of communicative competence at students of economic high school in the course of foreign language studying ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation example: Formation of communicative competence of pupils 5 - 9 classes in work with uchebno-scientific texts ... more in detail 2007
Doctoral dissertation: Formation of communicative competence of pupils of a grammar school ... more in detail 2007
Dissertation abstracts: Formation of communicative competence of the teacher of Russian and the literature in the course of preparation and use of a creative portrait of the artist-illustrator at literature lessons ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation sample: Formation of communicative competence of the teacher by means of is social-psychological training ... more in detail 2003
Dissertation thesis: Formation of the communicative competence of the future teacher in a context of polycultural formation: On an example of studying of foreign languages ... more in detail 2005
Phd dissertation: Formation of the communicative competence of system of training of speech activity of students of medical high schools speaking another language ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation proposal: Formation of the communicative competence of reading and audition on a material of news texts (1 certified level) ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation topics: Formation of the communicative competence of foreign pupils of military high schools of a command profile at training to Russian as to means of professional dialogue ... more in detail 2000
New dissertation idias: Formation of the communicative competence of cadets of educational institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation idias: Formation of the communicative competence at studying "lexicon" ... more in detail
Dissertation example: has undressed Formation of the communicative competence of pupils in the course of dialogical dialogue at Russian lessons in 5-7 classes of the Yakut school ... more in detail 2005
Doctoral dissertation: Formation of the communicative competence of the teacher of English language in a multinational audience with prevailing Lezghin structure of students ... more in detail 2003
Dissertation abstracts: Formation Communicative culture of the "secondary" language person of foreign students-philologists in the course of training to Russian ... more in detail 2003
Dissertation sample: Formation of communicative culture of the "secondary" language person of foreign students-philologists in the course of training to Russian (Preparatory faculty) ... more in detail 2003
Dissertation thesis: Formation of communicative culture of the future medical worker in the course of foreign language studying ... more in detail 2007
Phd dissertation: Formation of communicative culture of the future expert in educational space of military high school ... more in detail 2008
Dissertation proposal: Formation of communicative culture of the future expert of physical training in the course of vocational training ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation topics: Formation of communicative culture of the future teacher of initial classes in pedagogical college ... more in detail 1999
Dissertation example: Formation of communicative culture in structure of vocational training of cadets of sea high school ... more in detail 1999
Doctoral dissertation: Formation of communicative culture of the military expert in high school in the course of studying of humanitarian disciplines ... more in detail 2002
Dissertation abstracts: Formation of communicative culture of military men in the course of adaptation to the first period of service ... more in detail 2008
Dissertation sample: Formation of communicative culture of preschool children by means of game technologies ... more in detail 2007
Dissertation thesis: Formation of communicative culture of cadets of educational institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs ... more in detail 2008
Phd dissertation: Formation of communicative culture of persons with sight infringements ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation proposal: Formation of communicative culture of the person of students in the conditions of the higher additional linguistic formation ... more in detail 2003
Dissertation topics: Formation of communicative culture of managers of tourist activity in the course of their vocational training ... more in detail 1999
New dissertation idias: Formation of communicative culture of younger schoolboys ... more in detail 2002
General pedagogics, pedagogics and formation history || Theory and a training and education technique (on areas and educational levels) || Correctional pedagogics || Theory and a technique of physical training, sports training, improving and adaptive physical training || Theory, a technique and organisation of welfare activity || Theory and a preschool education technique || Theory and a vocational training technique ||
Driving distance between Blackstock, SC and Clinton, SC is 57.36 miles (or 92.30 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Blackstock, SC you would reach Clinton, SC in about 1 hour 27 mins if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Blackstock, SC to Clinton, SC in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Blackstock) and B (Clinton) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Blackstock, SC and Clinton, SC as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To cover the 57.36 mi that separate Clinton from Blackstock you are going to need between of fuel, considering you drive an average car (30 mpg) and , if you drive an SUV or a heavy car (20 mpg). If you drive a fuel efficient car (45 mpg), your consumption will only be .
Depending on the fuel efficiency level of your car, driving from Blackstock to Clinton will cost you between and . An average car would make the trip for . We calculate the route cost using real time average gas prices for the US and other costs such as tolls are not included in this calculation.
To help you plan your trip from Blackstock to Clinton, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Blackstock, SC to Clinton, SC.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Blackstock to Clinton, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Blackstock, SC and the geographic center of Clinton, SC. We also offer nearby airports to both Blackstock to Clinton and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from Lava Hot Springs, ID Puposky, MN Distance from Portland, TN Lakeville, NY Distance from Ray, MI Flagtown, NJ Distance from Fallbrook, CA Chiefland, FL Distance from Mount Wilson, CA Brooklyn, IA Distance from The Dalles, OR Orange, VA Distance from Waldorf, MD Tiger, GA Distance from Storrie, CA Fairview, UT
Driving distance between Robbins, NC and Manson, WA is 0 miles (or 0 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Robbins, NC you would reach Manson, WA in about 0 seconds if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Robbins, NC to Manson, WA in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Robbins) and B (Manson) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Robbins, NC and Manson, WA as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To help you plan your trip from Robbins to Manson, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Robbins, NC to Manson, WA.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Robbins to Manson, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Robbins, NC and the geographic center of Manson, WA. We also offer nearby airports to both Robbins to Manson and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from East Brunswick, NJ West Hollywood, CA Distance from Dobson, NC Herreid, SD Distance from Annapolis, MD Ararat, VA Distance from Silver City, IA Mill Creek, WA Distance from Westville, SC Barton City, MI Distance from East Galesburg, IL Creighton, MO Distance from Palestine, OH Shelby, NC Distance from Littlerock, WA Churubusco, NY
Distance from Holt, MO Adrian, MO Distance from Holt, MO Advance, MO Distance from Holt, MO Agency, MO Distance from Holt, MO Alba, MO Distance from Holt, MO Albany, MO Distance from Holt, MO Aldrich, MO Distance from Holt, MO Alexandria, MO Distance from Holt, MO Allendale, MO Distance from Holt, MO Allenton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Alma, MO Distance from Holt, MO Altamont, MO Distance from Holt, MO Altenburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Alton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Amazonia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Amity, MO Distance from Holt, MO Amoret, MO Distance from Holt, MO Amsterdam, MO Distance from Holt, MO Anabel, MO Distance from Holt, MO Anderson, MO Distance from Holt, MO Annada, MO Distance from Holt, MO Annapolis, MO Distance from Holt, MO Anniston, MO Distance from Holt, MO Appleton City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Arbela, MO Distance from Holt, MO Arbyrd, MO Distance from Holt, MO Arcadia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Archie, MO Distance from Holt, MO Arcola, MO Distance from Holt, MO Argyle, MO Distance from Holt, MO Armstrong, MO Distance from Holt, MO Arnold, MO Distance from Holt, MO Arrow Rock, MO Distance from Holt, MO Asbury, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ash Grove, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ashburn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ashland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Atlanta, MO Distance from Holt, MO Augusta, MO Distance from Holt, MO Aurora, MO Distance from Holt, MO Auxvasse, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ava, MO Distance from Holt, MO Avilla, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Bakersfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ballwin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Baring, MO Distance from Holt, MO Barnard, MO Distance from Holt, MO Barnett, MO Distance from Holt, MO Barnhart, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bates City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Beaufort, MO Distance from Holt, MO Belgrade, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bell City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Belle, MO Distance from Holt, MO Belleview, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bellflower, MO Distance from Holt, MO Belton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Benton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Benton City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Berger, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bernie, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bertrand, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bethany, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bethel, MO Distance from Holt, MO Beulah, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bevier, MO Distance from Holt, MO Billings, MO Distance from Holt, MO Birch Tree, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bismarck, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bixby, MO Distance from Holt, MO Black, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blackburn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blackwater, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blackwell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blairstown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blodgett, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bloomfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bloomsdale, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blue Eye, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blue Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Blythedale, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bogard, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bois D Arc, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bolckow, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bolivar, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bonne Terre, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bonnots Mill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Boonville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Boss, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bosworth, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bourbon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bowling Green, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bradleyville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bragg City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Braggadocio, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brandsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Branson, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brashear, MO Distance from Holt, MO Braymer, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brazeau, MO Distance from Holt, MO Breckenridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Briar, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bridgeton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brighton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brinktown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brixey, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bronaugh, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brookfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brookline, MO Distance from Holt, MO Broseley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Browning, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brownwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brumley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bruner, MO Distance from Holt, MO Brunswick, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bucklin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Buckner, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bucyrus, MO Distance from Holt, MO Buffalo, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bunceton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Bunker, MO Distance from Holt, MO Burfordville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Burlington Junction, MO Distance from Holt, MO Butler, MO Distance from Holt, MO Butterfield, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Cabool, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cadet, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cainsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cairo, MO Distance from Holt, MO Caledonia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Calhoun, MO Distance from Holt, MO California, MO Distance from Holt, MO Callao, MO Distance from Holt, MO Camden, MO Distance from Holt, MO Camden Point, MO Distance from Holt, MO Camdenton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cameron, MO Distance from Holt, MO Campbell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Canalou, MO Distance from Holt, MO Canton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cape Fair, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cape Girardeau, MO Distance from Holt, MO Caplinger Mills, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cardwell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Carl Junction, MO Distance from Holt, MO Carrollton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Carterville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Carthage, MO Distance from Holt, MO Caruthersville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cascade, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cassville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Catawissa, MO Distance from Holt, MO Catron, MO Distance from Holt, MO Caulfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cedar Hill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cedarcreek, MO Distance from Holt, MO Center, MO Distance from Holt, MO Centertown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Centerview, MO Distance from Holt, MO Centerville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Centralia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chadwick, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chaffee, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chamois, MO Distance from Holt, MO Charleston, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cherryville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chesterfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chestnutridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chilhowee, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chillicothe, MO Distance from Holt, MO Chula, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clarence, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clark, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clarksburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clarksdale, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clarksville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clarkton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clearmont, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cleveland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clever, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clifton Hill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Climax Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clinton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clubb, MO Distance from Holt, MO Clyde, MO Distance from Holt, MO Coatsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Coffey, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cole Camp, MO Distance from Holt, MO Collins, MO Distance from Holt, MO Columbia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Commerce, MO Distance from Holt, MO Conception, MO Distance from Holt, MO Conception Junction, MO Distance from Holt, MO Concordia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Conway, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cooter, MO Distance from Holt, MO Corder, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cosby, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cottleville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Couch, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cowgill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Craig, MO Distance from Holt, MO Crane, MO Distance from Holt, MO Creighton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Crocker, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cross Timbers, MO Distance from Holt, MO Crystal City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Cuba, MO Distance from Holt, MO Curryville, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Dadeville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Daisy, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dalton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Darlington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Davisville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dawn, MO Distance from Holt, MO De Kalb, MO Distance from Holt, MO De Soto, MO Distance from Holt, MO De Witt, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dearborn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Deepwater, MO Distance from Holt, MO Deerfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Deering, MO Distance from Holt, MO Defiance, MO Distance from Holt, MO Delta, MO Distance from Holt, MO Denver, MO Distance from Holt, MO Des Arc, MO Distance from Holt, MO Devils Elbow, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dexter, MO Distance from Holt, MO Diamond, MO Distance from Holt, MO Diggins, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dittmer, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dixon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Doe Run, MO Distance from Holt, MO Doniphan, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dora, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dover, MO Distance from Holt, MO Downing, MO Distance from Holt, MO Drexel, MO Distance from Holt, MO Drury, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dudley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Duenweg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Duke, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dunnegan, MO Distance from Holt, MO Durham, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dutchtown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Dutzow, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Eagle Rock, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eagleville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Earth City, MO Distance from Holt, MO East Lynne, MO Distance from Holt, MO East Prairie, MO Distance from Holt, MO Easton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Edgar Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Edgerton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Edina, MO Distance from Holt, MO Edwards, MO Distance from Holt, MO El Dorado Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eldon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eldridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Elk Creek, MO Distance from Holt, MO Elkland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ellington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ellsinore, MO Distance from Holt, MO Elmer, MO Distance from Holt, MO Elmo, MO Distance from Holt, MO Elsberry, MO Distance from Holt, MO Emden, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eminence, MO Distance from Holt, MO Emma, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eolia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Essex, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ethel, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eudora, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eugene, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eunice, MO Distance from Holt, MO Eureka, MO Distance from Holt, MO Everton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ewing, MO Distance from Holt, MO Excello, MO Distance from Holt, MO Excelsior Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Exeter, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Fagus, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fair Grove, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fair Play, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fairdealing, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fairfax, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fairport, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fairview, MO Distance from Holt, MO Falcon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Farber, MO Distance from Holt, MO Farley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Farmington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Farrar, MO Distance from Holt, MO Faucett, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fayette, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fenton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Festus, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fillmore, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fisk, MO Distance from Holt, MO Flemington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fletcher, MO Distance from Holt, MO Flinthill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Florence, MO Distance from Holt, MO Florissant, MO Distance from Holt, MO Foley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fordland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Forest City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Foristell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Forsyth, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fort Leonard Wood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fortuna, MO Distance from Holt, MO Foster, MO Distance from Holt, MO Frankford, MO Distance from Holt, MO Franklin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fredericktown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Freeman, MO Distance from Holt, MO Freistatt, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fremont, MO Distance from Holt, MO French Village, MO Distance from Holt, MO Friedheim, MO Distance from Holt, MO Frohna, MO Distance from Holt, MO Fulton, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Gainesville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Galena, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gallatin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Galt, MO Distance from Holt, MO Garden City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Garrison, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gasconade, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gatewood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gentry, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gerald, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gibbs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gibson, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gideon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gilliam, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gilman City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gipsy, MO Distance from Holt, MO Glasgow, MO Distance from Holt, MO Glenallen, MO Distance from Holt, MO Glencoe, MO Distance from Holt, MO Glenwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gobler, MO Distance from Holt, MO Golden, MO Distance from Holt, MO Goodman, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gordonville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gorin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gower, MO Distance from Holt, MO Graff, MO Distance from Holt, MO Graham, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grain Valley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Granby, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grandin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grandview, MO Distance from Holt, MO Granger, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grant City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gravois Mills, MO Distance from Holt, MO Gray Summit, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grayridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Green Castle, MO Distance from Holt, MO Green City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Green Ridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Greenfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Greentop, MO Distance from Holt, MO Greenville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Greenwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grover, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grovespring, MO Distance from Holt, MO Grubville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Guilford, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Hale, MO Distance from Holt, MO Half Way, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hallsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Halltown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hamilton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hannibal, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hardenville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hardin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Harris, MO Distance from Holt, MO Harrisburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Harrisonville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hartsburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hartshorn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hartville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Harviell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Harwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hatfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hawk Point, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hayti, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hazelwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Helena, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hematite, MO Distance from Holt, MO Henley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Henrietta, MO Distance from Holt, MO Herculaneum, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hermann, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hermitage, MO Distance from Holt, MO Higbee, MO Distance from Holt, MO Higginsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO High Hill, MO Distance from Holt, MO High Point, MO Distance from Holt, MO High Ridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Highlandville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hillsboro, MO Distance from Holt, MO Holcomb, MO Distance from Holt, MO Holden, MO Distance from Holt, MO Holland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Holliday, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hollister, MO Distance from Holt, MO Holts Summit, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hopkins, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hornersville, MO Distance from Holt, MO House Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Houston, MO Distance from Holt, MO Houstonia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Huggins, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hughesville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Humansville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hume, MO Distance from Holt, MO Humphreys, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hunnewell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Huntsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hurdland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Hurley, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Jackson, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jacksonville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jadwin, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jameson, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jamesport, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jamestown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jasper, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jefferson City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jerico Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jerome, MO Distance from Holt, MO Jonesburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Joplin, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Kahoka, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kaiser, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kansas City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kearney, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kelso, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kennett, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kewanee, MO Distance from Holt, MO Keytesville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kidder, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kimberling City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kimmswick, MO Distance from Holt, MO King City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kingdom City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kingston, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kingsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kirbyville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kirksville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Kissee Mills, MO Distance from Holt, MO Knob Lick, MO Distance from Holt, MO Knob Noster, MO Distance from Holt, MO Knox City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Koeltztown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Koshkonong, MO
Distance from Holt, MO La Belle, MO Distance from Holt, MO La Grange, MO Distance from Holt, MO La Monte, MO Distance from Holt, MO La Plata, MO Distance from Holt, MO La Russell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Labadie, MO Distance from Holt, MO Laddonia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lake Ozark, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lake Saint Louis, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lake Spring, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lamar, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lampe, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lanagan, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lancaster, MO Distance from Holt, MO Laquey, MO Distance from Holt, MO Laredo, MO Distance from Holt, MO Latham, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lathrop, MO Distance from Holt, MO Laurie, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lawson, MO Distance from Holt, MO Leadwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Leasburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lebanon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lees Summit, MO Distance from Holt, MO Leeton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lenox, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lentner, MO Distance from Holt, MO Leonard, MO Distance from Holt, MO Leopold, MO Distance from Holt, MO Leslie, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lesterville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Levasy, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lewistown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lexington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Liberal, MO Distance from Holt, MO Liberty, MO Distance from Holt, MO Licking, MO Distance from Holt, MO Liguori, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lilbourn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lincoln, MO Distance from Holt, MO Linn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Linn Creek, MO Distance from Holt, MO Linneus, MO Distance from Holt, MO Livonia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lock Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lockwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lodi, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lohman, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lone Jack, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lonedell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Long Lane, MO Distance from Holt, MO Loose Creek, MO Distance from Holt, MO Louisburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Louisiana, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lowndes, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lowry City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lucerne, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ludlow, MO Distance from Holt, MO Luebbering, MO Distance from Holt, MO Luray, MO Distance from Holt, MO Lynchburg, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Macks Creek, MO Distance from Holt, MO Macomb, MO Distance from Holt, MO Macon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Madison, MO Distance from Holt, MO Maitland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Malden, MO Distance from Holt, MO Malta Bend, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mansfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mapaville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marble Hill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marceline, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marionville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marquand, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marshall, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marshfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marston, MO Distance from Holt, MO Marthasville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Martinsburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Martinsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Maryland Heights, MO Distance from Holt, MO Maryville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Matthews, MO Distance from Holt, MO Maysville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mayview, MO Distance from Holt, MO Maywood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mc Bride, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mc Clurg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mc Fall, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mc Gee, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mc Girk, MO Distance from Holt, MO Meadville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Memphis, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mendon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mercer, MO Distance from Holt, MO Meta, MO Distance from Holt, MO Metz, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mexico, MO Distance from Holt, MO Miami, MO Distance from Holt, MO Middle Brook, MO Distance from Holt, MO Middletown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Milan, MO Distance from Holt, MO Milford, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mill Spring, MO Distance from Holt, MO Miller, MO Distance from Holt, MO Millersville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Milo, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mindenmines, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mineral Point, MO Distance from Holt, MO Missouri City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Moberly, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mokane, MO Distance from Holt, MO Monett, MO Distance from Holt, MO Monroe City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Montgomery City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Monticello, MO Distance from Holt, MO Montier, MO Distance from Holt, MO Montreal, MO Distance from Holt, MO Montrose, MO Distance from Holt, MO Moody, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mooresville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mora, MO Distance from Holt, MO Morehouse, MO Distance from Holt, MO Morley, MO Distance from Holt, MO Morrison, MO Distance from Holt, MO Morrisville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Morse Mill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mosby, MO Distance from Holt, MO Moscow Mills, MO Distance from Holt, MO Moundville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mount Sterling, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mount Vernon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mountain Grove, MO Distance from Holt, MO Mountain View, MO Distance from Holt, MO Myrtle, MO
Distance from Holt, MO O Fallon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Oak Grove, MO Distance from Holt, MO Oak Ridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Odessa, MO Distance from Holt, MO Old Appleton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Old Monroe, MO Distance from Holt, MO Oldfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Olean, MO Distance from Holt, MO Olney, MO Distance from Holt, MO Oran, MO Distance from Holt, MO Oregon, MO Distance from Holt, MO Oronogo, MO Distance from Holt, MO Orrick, MO Distance from Holt, MO Osage Beach, MO Distance from Holt, MO Osborn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Osceola, MO Distance from Holt, MO Otterville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Owensville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Oxly, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Queen City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Quincy, MO Distance from Holt, MO Qulin, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Racine, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ravenwood, MO Distance from Holt, MO Raymondville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Raymore, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rayville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rea, MO Distance from Holt, MO Redford, MO Distance from Holt, MO Reeds, MO Distance from Holt, MO Reeds Spring, MO Distance from Holt, MO Renick, MO Distance from Holt, MO Republic, MO Distance from Holt, MO Revere, MO Distance from Holt, MO Reynolds, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rhineland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rich Hill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Richards, MO Distance from Holt, MO Richland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Richmond, MO Distance from Holt, MO Richwoods, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ridgedale, MO Distance from Holt, MO Ridgeway, MO Distance from Holt, MO Risco, MO Distance from Holt, MO Riverside, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rives, MO Distance from Holt, MO Roach, MO Distance from Holt, MO Robertsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Roby, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rocheport, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rock Port, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rockaway Beach, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rockbridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rockville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rocky Comfort, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rocky Mount, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rogersville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rolla, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rombauer, MO Distance from Holt, MO Roscoe, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rosebud, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rosendale, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rothville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rueter, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rush Hill, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rushville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Russellville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Rutledge, MO
Distance from Holt, MO Waco, MO Distance from Holt, MO Waldron, MO Distance from Holt, MO Walker, MO Distance from Holt, MO Walnut Grove, MO Distance from Holt, MO Walnut Shade, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wappapello, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wardell, MO Distance from Holt, MO Warrensburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Warrenton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Warsaw, MO Distance from Holt, MO Washburn, MO Distance from Holt, MO Washington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wasola, MO Distance from Holt, MO Watson, MO Distance from Holt, MO Waverly, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wayland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Waynesville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Weatherby, MO Distance from Holt, MO Weaubleau, MO Distance from Holt, MO Webb City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wellington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wellsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wentworth, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wentzville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wesco, MO Distance from Holt, MO West Alton, MO Distance from Holt, MO West Plains, MO Distance from Holt, MO Westboro, MO Distance from Holt, MO Weston, MO Distance from Holt, MO Westphalia, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wheatland, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wheaton, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wheeling, MO Distance from Holt, MO Whiteman Air Force Base, MO Distance from Holt, MO Whiteoak, MO Distance from Holt, MO Whiteside, MO Distance from Holt, MO Whitewater, MO Distance from Holt, MO Willard, MO Distance from Holt, MO Williamsburg, MO Distance from Holt, MO Williamstown, MO Distance from Holt, MO Williamsville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Willow Springs, MO Distance from Holt, MO Windsor, MO Distance from Holt, MO Windyville, MO Distance from Holt, MO Winfield, MO Distance from Holt, MO Winigan, MO Distance from Holt, MO Winona, MO Distance from Holt, MO Winston, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wolf Island, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wooldridge, MO Distance from Holt, MO Worth, MO Distance from Holt, MO Worthington, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wright City, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wyaconda, MO Distance from Holt, MO Wyatt, MO
By linking to Amazon.com from this page, the Independent Institute earns referral fees of 4% to 15% from whatever you buy. Bookmark the above link and you can support the Institute when you do your normal shopping!
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007
My top recommendation for improving healthcare for the poor is to replace Medicaid with subsidies that enable them to access the same healthcare system that everyone else has access to. My second pick would be to turn Medicaid into a competing health plan and make it available to everyone.
If those proposals aren’t adopted and Medicaid is retained in anything like its current form, it will still need radical reform. So the third proposal to be considered is to get Medicaid out of the business of dictating prices and replace that activity with a health stamp program, fashioned after the food stamp (SNAP) program.
How would this work? Enrollees would get stamps, depending on their health condition, and they would be free to add their own money and pay any price for any service the medical marketplace has to offer. In this way, low-income families on Medicaid would be empowered patients who could compete for healthcare resources on a level playing field with other patients, at least for small dollar health purchases, which would include almost all primary care.
The idea behind health stamps is straightforward. Like food, health is generally considered a necessity. So why not treat it the same way we treat food?
We don’t segregate grocery stores into those that sell to poor customers and those that do not. Grocery stores take all comers, and they charge the same price to each of them. The way we subsidize low-income families is through the food stamp program, a highly successful poverty program that now reaches 50 million people. The program allows poverty and near-poverty families to have access to the full range of food products. Because they pay market prices, food stamp families are welcome customers at every grocery outlet. Although they live with more limited budgets, food stamp families are able to make tradeoffs in grocery choices—using food stamps in a way that meets their own preferences and needs. Competition for food stamp dollars forces stores to compete on price and, unlike healthcare, the prices are transparent. Every paper contains full-page ads in which price plays a dominant role.
This proposal makes certain that the poor have the wherewithal to pay for their healthcare not by forcing them to wait or take poorer quality, but with healthcare dollars. These healthcare dollars are full dollars to providers, insuring that the poor can complete for resources with all other buyers of care.
This concludes my recent series on reforming Medicaid. For more ideas, please see my book Priceless: Curing the Healthcare Crisis.
We invite your civil and thoughtful comments. The use of profanity or derogatory language may result in a ban on your ability to comment again in the future.
Every Wednesday morning, Karen Hansson from the Netherlands jumps in her car at 9am to be at the Anu Workshop in Janakiram Layout around 10. Carrying a big bag with her, filled with sewing stuff and even a sewing machine. ...
If you are reading this then you, like me, likely have a desire to “be the change you want to see in the world.” This deceptively simple proposition can be incredibly complex. How can this be done? And how can ...
Folks! Ziro Festival of Music 2016 is Happening! - Roots & Leisure: […] anyone who wants to know more about Ziro festival...
It is a huge responsibility to own a dog. Dog’s are like children, with different noises and needs. If you have the patience and knowledge necessary, you will be in a great position to care for your dog. You should read the following article to get a better idea of what owning a dog means.
TIP! It is important to use your lifestyle as a guide to what breed of furry friend you should get. For example, someone that stays inside a lot would want a calm lap dog and not a hyper breed.
Being a dog owner can be very costly. Every dog requires good quality food, general supplies and medical care; this can range in cost from $700 to $1000 per year. Pet insurance can be very helpful since emergency medical care for your dog can cost thousands of dollars, depending on the circumstances.
It’s good to give hugs, but avoid giving kisses. Dog kissing may be adorable, but dogs have awfully dirty mouths. Dogs rummage through trash, drink toilet water and lick other dog’s body parts. It’s an old wives’ tale that a dog has a very clean mouth. It certainly isn’t the truth.
If you are going to taking your dog on vacation, take a pic of him on your phone. This way, should he get lost, you have a picture you can show others. You can also use the picture to hand our “lost” flyers.
Avoid giving your pooch table food. This will make him beg more often, and he may gain a preference for human food. Scraps can be terrible for his diet and lead to obesity and other health problems. Put your dog in another room while the family eats, and do not allow him to reenter the dining space until dinner is done.
TIP! It’s very important for your dog to get the correct amount of exercise. Dogs need consistent physical activity to ensure they are physically and mentally fit.
Dog training should take place on your property. Training a dog in a very populated area is never a good idea. They may get distracted and it will be more difficult to teach them even the most basic commands.
Don’t let a dog go off property without their leash, even if they’re well behaved. He could easily get spooked by something and run off into harm’s way. You are the only one responsible for your dog’s safety and his actions.
TIP! Become acquainted with dog food labels and avoid buying based solely on cost. Later on, it will help that you’ve fed your dog quality and nutritious food.
Speak with your vet to see how much you’re going to have to feed your dog daily. Some people feed the dog based on their food package recommendations, but these can be wrong and cause them to be overweight. The vet will know what is best for your pet.
Don’t go for the cheap stuff when you buy dog food. Generally, food that is less expensive is not as healthy for your pet due to preservatives and additives put into the food. Find a trusted group that offers a list of healthy dog food. This will be very helpful to your dog’s health.
TIP! Teach your dog the right way to walk with a leash. To properly walk your dog, he must remain directly at your side instead of behind or in front of you.
As soon as you notice your dog engaging in bad behaviors, immediately try to correct them. Ignoring it for any length of time will only make it that much more difficult to contain later and you never know what could happen as a result of it now. You need to make sure your dog is happy to keep them in control and so he does not hurt anyone.
Take your dog outside so that he can get fresh air and exercise. Dogs need game time and regular exercise to keep them mentally and physically healthy and happy. Regardless of the activities you choose, the dog and you will surely benefit a great deal. It will help you form a much stronger relationship.
TIP! Get into pet politics! Look to see if your local government is passing laws which limit dog owners’ rights. These sort of things typically happen because of a few dogs acting out, or popular opinions about a certain breed.
If you are seeking a dog of a particular breed, be sure to check with your local animal shelter first. A lot of dog owners leave their dogs in the city pound when they can’t look after their dog anymore. Simply call your pound and see what they have. This might save your dog’s life.
You should always keep in mind that taking care of a dog is a lot of work. Looking after a dog is almost no different in the level of responsibility it takes to look after a child. There will be a lot of responsibility, but in the end, it is worth it. If you need some assistance, reread this article for advice. Your pet will thank you for it!
Rescue Me! Tip: Buy a name tag for your animal on the first day you rescue it, that is when it is most likely to accidentally run off.
Only use this form if you are not a member of this group. Members, login above to make instant changes.
For urgent assistance between 6.30pm and 8.00am on a weekday, at the weekend or any time during a bank holiday, please call the NHS 111 service on 111. If you telephone the Health Centre the answerphone message will also give you this number.
You may be given advice over the phone, asked to go to a primary care treatment centre or have a home visit by a Doctor.
Out-of-hours services are generally busy so please think carefully before asking to see a doctor and only do so if you genuinely cannot wait until the surgery re-opens.
In a genuine emergency you should call 999. Chest pains and / or shortness of breath constitute an emergency.
Since 2007 many GP practices have offered ‘Extended Access’ appointments to patients. It was up to individual practices to decide when to offer these appointments, taking into account patient opinions. Some practices offered early morning, evening and/or weekend appointments. Some practice offered GP, Nurse and/or HCA appointments.
In July 2017, these ‘Extended access’ appointments were changed into ‘Improved Access’ Appointments on instruction by the NHS. There are some similarities to the old appointments, but there are also a number of significant changes – mainly in terms of timings and location.
Appointments (face to face and telephone consultations) are available between 6.30pm and 8pm Monday to Friday and on Saturday Mornings.
However the full range of appointments is not available at each individual practice. As the ten practices in the local area are working in a rota to provide the overall hours.
The local federation is made up of all 10 practices within the Bridgwater area. Those practices are:-
These appointments which include face to face and telephone consultations, were available from 1st July 2017. If you would like to book an Improved Access appointment, please contact your registered practice who will be able to assist you.
Please note that continuity of care is often very important in ensuring you get the best health care possible. So it may be appropriate to consider this when accessing the appointments. Whilst other practices will have access to some of your record, nothing replaces the relationship you have with your own GP. So where this continuity is important it may be useful to ensure your appointment is with your own GP/practice.
So, I have been going through an "out-of-control phase" - acting out, etc. My T and I discussed what I have been doing and how it is not beneficial to therapy and how I have to actually commit to working on making changes, etc. etc. So, I tried to get myself into the right mindset to get in control, focus on helping MYSELF, not acting out, making healthy choices. I am going on vacation in less than two weeks so I decided to focus on eating right, exercising, attending Weight Watcher meetings and working toward a goal weight that I want to be when I go away. It really helped to have the goal of looking good for vacation to strive for. I definitely took off some of the holiday weight. One of the behavior changes I discussed with my T was cutting back on drinking. I said I would consciously make an effort to drink less and that would really help me to not act out since drinking triggers me to overeat, say things I don't mean, call/e-mail people, you get the idea. And I did that too - last week I was at my BF's house and I was really concentrating on how much I drank, how I felt, and being careful to not get carried away.
Then, there was last night. I was supposed to go out for happy hour with my co-workers but we had to reschedule. I called my BF and told him I didn't go to happy hour - thinking maybe I could go to his place instead. And he was tired. Called my friend and she was just heading home to take it easy. So I figured, OK, I will have a nice night at home. I don't get to sit at home and relax much anyway. But, as is often the case when I am home alone, I ended up drinking and binge eating. Now I feel so sick. My stomach is bloated and I have this lump in my throat like I am going to throw up. It doesn't help that basically all day yesterday I was "off track" with my being healthy goal. I could see it happening, too. I wrote in my journal that I needed to focus, get back in control, but something in me just said "f--- it". I think it was because at my Weight Watchers meeting the night before my weight wasn't as low as I thought it would be so I was frustrated.
Anyway, my question for you all is - how do I recover from last night? How do I dust myself off and get back "on the wagon"? Right now I feel like I do not have control over my acting out and I do not have the motivation to make changes. But I need to. My T is going to fire me if I don't stop acting out. I am going to gain weight and be grumpy and that will affect my relationship with my BF. And so on...
The way I hear it NAM, occasional relapse is part of most successful recoveries. Nothing any of us can do to make yesterday come out different. But we can all make choices today to make it the way we want it. IMO beating ourselves up for stumbling only makes our recovery more difficult. Come on back on the bus when yer ready.
Thanks IBF. I know that people on this board don't like to hear about acting out. I know that it is generally "unacceptable" if someone really wants to work toward recovery. But I just don't know how to get a handle on myself and keep that handle. Like, last night I knew I was being out of control. I kept trying to convince myself to stop it, but I didn't. Some people would say that was my "choice" - I chose to act out and binge and drink instead of doing something healthy or using some of the tools to get through the situation but I don't really understand how I could have done that. Maybe it is a slow process - maybe just being aware that I had other choices in that situation is the first step and the next step is actually implementing some of those tools? Why would I keep "choosing" to act out? To sabotage myself?
I am thinking that perhaps the weight issue is hiding some deeper things for you? You seem to have a lot riding on success of weight loss. Sounds like you were angry with yourself for not achieving the weight loss goal.
What other coping mechanisms can you put in place for treating yourself well when alone? That might help you ride out the underlying feelings instead of acting on them.
Could it be worth breathing and continuing on your way accepting the stumble as just that? Today being a new day.
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them.-Washington Irving
I don't think that, in some circumstances, we CHOOSE to act out as much as we DON'T choose to do anything else. It sounds like binging and drinking is your default "I've got nothing to do" behavior. So perhaps when you ran out of ideas, that's what you did.
It IS a process. First we find out that we do act out sometimes. Then we get to watch ourselves act out. Then we start trying to do something else. And any other number of steps along the way. So maybe you didn't have enough practice at not acting out when home alone, so you got an opportunity to watch it. (don't know about you, but mine ain't pretty)
You know how awful you feel today? Hang onto that. Remember that. next time you find yourself thinking about that sort of behavior, call up just how crappy you feel right now physically just as much as mentally). Sometimes that negative association can be just enough to keep us steady. Lemme tell ya - any time I feel like drinking I just have to remember a few of the really bad hangovers, and that maritini just isn't worth it...
I can see some twisted thinking in what you've posted. Can you see it? Maybe you could play with untwisting it. That would be a recovery oriented activity that might reinforce that you ARE moving in the right direction.
And what else can you do to try to "short circuit" some of that type of acting out? If you have a problem with drinking when you're home alone and bored, you might want to consider NOT keeping alcohol in the house. If you tend to binge on certain types of foods, maybe you don't want to keep a lot of that stuff on hand. I can overboard on the ice cream if I keep it around, so I only let myself buy it every other month or so.
If you were sitting home with no plans and nothing to do, one option might be to use that time to do some therapy homework (or BPDR homework?) - or you could catch up on housecleaning or sew on the button that popped off your coat. Plan to give yourself a manicure or pedicure, complete with the soaking and polish. Basically, get some ideas together so next time you're home with no plans you already have something lined up. Then just hold to doing that INSTEAD of drinking or eating. Distraction is a wonderful thing...
Pay attention to how you are feeling, what you are thinking. At some point last night, you may have had had some thought that a drink or two would be OK. And didn't think much about that thought, just followed through. If people do not ingest alcohol they cannot get drunk and lose control. Maybe that thought that a drink or two is fine isn't a very wise thought at this point in your recovery. You can have the thought and not act on it. That's something you could practice, too.
Your reply is just what I need - to learn how to take an experience like this and learn from it so maybe I can prevent something like this from happening again. And also understand what happened to cause me to "snap."
I'm an alcoholic. I have accepted that if I have any alcohol in the house, I will drink it until it's gone, a lot of the time. So I don't keep it in the house. I decided I would cut back. So I decided to limit my drinking nights to Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and Wednesday. I cannot drink on Mon, Tues, or Thur, no matter what. I find that I do not want to drink Fri, Sat, and Sun. At the most, I will drink two out of the three, and I don't always drink on Wed. And if I do drink, I ok that with my bf, since I cannot keep him up 'til all hours. So I go that night and buy what I am going to drink that night. And it is usually beer - from two to six. I know that's still a lot. But it is working. I am drinking about maybe six to 12 beers per week. So the answer for me has been not to keep alcohol in the house.
I also suggest perhaps a hobby. I know that my hobbies keep me so interested when I'm at home that I don't even think about alcohol or food most of the time. Just grab something to eat and run.
You mentioned that you were frustrated because your weight was off at your WW meeting, and that kinda threw you into a f#@% it attitude. When I do that, it's a form of all or nothing thinking. "I haven't lost the weight so why am I even trying?" My mind will that moment on the scale and project it out over weeks and months, until it sounds like "If not today, then never". Y'know - I didn't lose weight last week/I can't lose weight/I'm doing all this work for nothing. Success or failure, and if I'm not succeeding, then it's all a failure! Which may not have been in the FRONT of your mind, but it was under there, weakening your confidence.
When you tell us "I am going to gain weight and be grumpy and that will affect my relationship with my BF", that's straight-up fortune telling. You had one bad night. I suspect that for you to gain enough weight and be grumpy long enough to bother your BF, it's going to take more than one night. When I start thinking that today is going to be the rest of my life, I forget all about yesterday, and last Saturday and back in October when I felt differently, when I behaved differently. Yeah, it COULD be that crappy, but probably not. We've got a million chances each day to start over and choose differently, and another million tomorrow!
When I was in IOP treatment for my alcoholism, they explained to me that recovery is not a steady path. It's very normal to take one step forward and one step back, then two forward and another back, then three forward and two back...it's up and down. We learn from experience...
In between the fully conscious decisions we make and the subconscious one we don't even know about lie the semi-conscious choices we make. That's a lot of what takes us time - learning how to identify where the choice was and what other options there might have been.
I've been through phases where I REALLY wanted to UNDERSTAND why I did the things I did, because I thought that if I UNDERSTOOD, I could make it go away. Well...That didn't work out too well for me. I'm trying to reason with an unreasonable mind. I can't think my way out of a drink, but I can sure think myself into one. So what do I do now? something else. Anything else.
Matter of fact, Since my mind is so good at picturing the worst possible scenario, why don't I think about everything that could go wrong if I choose to act on my impulses? I can think about tipping the scales at 170, I can think about eating so much I wish I could puke, I can think about going to work with a broken hand because I hit a wall...
But that may come later. Right now, you can just pay more attention to what you might be thinking and notice when your impulses come closer to the surface. You'll recognize the patterns over time, and once you see one, you get to start breaking it! Last night wasn't what you really wanted to do. That's OK, it's today now, and you've got something fresh to look at and think about. It's not the end of the world - it's a learning experience!
I know its far more complex than I made it out to be NAM. But till we have those scary strange thought patterns figured out, what else can we do but pick ourselves up and walk on? Spent decades in that place with booze. I know how much it hurts.
My wife is 6 months pregnant and went to reference the CrossFit Mom site for new workout ideas and ways for movements to be modified. Does anyone know what happened to the CrossFit Mom affiliate? When you go to the site, it says it's not affiliated anymore. Also, since it is gone, does anyone have a place to access the large database of workouts that were posted to CrossFit Mom over the past number of years?
Enjoy st closet co spring clean up st louis closet company picture. This picture st louis closet company has been submitted by admin in standout.life July 25, 2018, 3:57 am. You could browse st closet co spring clean up st louis closet company or more useful articles st louis closet company price, st louis closet company cost, jennifer williams st louis closet company in 2018 furniture ideas group.
Robber fly - Nature photographer Thomas Shahan specializes in amazing portraits of tiny insects. It isn't easy. Shahan says that this Robber Fly (Holcocephala fusca), for instance, is "skittish" and doesn't like its picture taken.
"The Greater Akashic System" – July 15, 2012 (Kryon Channelling by Lee Caroll) (Subjects: Lightworkers, Intent, To meet God, Past lives, Universe/Galaxy, Earth, Pleiadians, Souls Reincarnate, Invention: Measure Quantum state in 3D, Recalibrates, Multi-Dimensional/Divine, Akashic System to change to new system, Before religion changed the system, DNA, Old system react to Karma, New system react to intent now for next life, Animals (around humans) reincarnate again, This Animal want to come back to the same human, Akashic Inheritance, Reincarnate as Family, Other Planets, Global Unity … etc.)
Question: Dear Kryon: I live in Spain. I am sorry if I will ask you a question you might have already answered, but the translations of your books are very slow and I might not have gathered all information you have already given. I am quite concerned about abandoned animals. It seems that many people buy animals for their children and as soon as they grow, they set them out somewhere. Recently I had the occasion to see a small kitten in the middle of the street. I did not immediately react, since I could have stopped and taken it, without getting out of the car. So, I went on and at the first occasion I could turn, I went back to see if I could take the kitten, but it was to late, somebody had already killed it. This happened some month ago, but I still feel very sorry for that kitten. I just would like to know, what kind of entity are these animals and how does this fit in our world. Are these entities which choose this kind of life, like we do choose our kind of Human life? I see so many abandoned animals and every time I see one, my heart aches... I would like to know more about them.
Answer: Dear one, indeed the answer has been given, but let us give it again so you all understand. Animals are here on earth for three (3) reasons.
(1) The balance of biological life. . . the circle of energy that is needed for you to exist in what you call "nature."
(2) To be harvested. Yes, it's true. Many exist for your sustenance, and this is appropriate. It is a harmony between Human and animal, and always has. Remember the buffalo that willingly came into the indigenous tribes to be sacrificed when called? These are stories that you should examine again. The inappropriateness of today's culture is how these precious creatures are treated. Did you know that if there was an honoring ceremony at their death, they would nourish you better? Did you know that there is ceremony that could benefit all of humanity in this way. Perhaps it's time you saw it.
(3) To be loved and to love. For many cultures, animals serve as surrogate children, loved and taken care of. It gives Humans a chance to show compassion when they need it, and to have unconditional love when they need it. This is extremely important to many, and provides balance and centering for many.
Do animals know all this? At a basic level, they do. Not in the way you "know," but in a cellular awareness they understand that they are here in service to planet earth. If you honor them in all three instances, then balance will be the result. Your feelings about their treatment is important. Temper your reactions with the spiritual logic of their appropriateness and their service to humanity. Honor them in all three cases.
American zoologist played by Sigourney Weaver in the film Gorillas in the Mist would have been 82 on Thursday (16 January 2014)
Anna Paulowna (Netherlands) (AFP) - Suspended from a large butcher's hook, a prime piece of raw steak glides and then zigzags through the air in a big arena under the watchful eye of Dumi, the lioness.
With her hunter's instinct taking over, the big cat runs down her "prey" across the rocks and ponds of an artificial savannah at a lion sanctuary north of Amsterdam, then hooks her claws into her quarry after a spectacular leap.
Perhaps one day, thanks to this unique hunting simulator manipulated by a joystick, former circus performer Dumi will be able to hunt on African plains.
"It's a system which is meant to train the animals and not only give them back a little of their instinct, but also improve their motor control, their muscles, strength and reactions," said Daphne Pels, a keeper at the Stichting Leeuw (Lion Foundation) refuge.
There are 35 wild cats at the sanctuary in the small town of Anna Paulowna, some 80 kilometres (50 miles) north of Amsterdam.
Most have been born in captivity, and the foundation aims to get the big felines -- lions, tigers, cougars and leopards -- back into peak condition to improve their lives and ultimately, even to hunt in the wild.
Some are survivors of circuses that used wild animal acts -- now partially or totally banned in some EU countries -- and find it too expensive to feed the rapacious carnivores that can devour up to six kilogrammes (13 pounds) of meat a day.
Like Omar. Used as a cub by a circus to attract tourists who could hug the baby lion for selfies, Omar was eventually sold to a Slovakian mafia boss, who kept him in his garden as a pet.
When the foundation rescued Omar in March 2015, the male lion suffered from advanced malnutrition and was basically just skin and bones, with no muscle, and covered in sores and faeces.
It took Omar two years to recover. He now sports a large fawn-coloured mane, but he bears a scar on his muzzle and his small, amber eyes remain vigilant and mistrustful.
"These are animals that depend on humans a lot because they were bottle-fed, born in the circus and declawed" by their tamers or owners, said Pels.
Now Sarabi, the lioness, and Ambra and Laxmi, two tigresses, regularly train in this "playground" of roughly 80 metres by 50 metres (262 feet by 164 feet), which took three years to build.
Prey can vary: sometimes it's a toy, sometimes a piece of meat and even, when there's no audience, a dead rabbit or pigeon to help rekindle their hunting instincts.
The cats' target is suspended a few feet up in the air and moved around in a random fashion by keepers using the joystick in a small control room. The aim is to push the cats, which have sometimes become lazy in captivity, to chase their prey.
The small, artificial savannah is dotted with obstacles such as rocks, pools and tree trunks "so the animals have to learn how to watch and run at the same time," Pels said.
"The first few times we see them maybe bump their noses or accidentally fall into the water," she said laughing.
"We are able to give the animals some training (too), but it's natural training. They don't have to jump through a hoop."
Established in 2011 by a passionate businessman and financed through private donations, the foundation hopes to relocate Omar back to Africa this year "to give him a family."
Now aged five, Omar will join five other lions already living at the Emoya sanctuary in the Bahati wildlife estate in northern South Africa. Two Bengal tigers are also expected to join the Wildlife Friends Foundation of Thailand (WFFT).
Once in their new homes, the felines have to learn to adapt. Those too dependent on humans will live in a small one- to two-acre area of savannah.
Others move on to the next stage, living in an enclosure of 50 to 100 hectares learning to hunt for real.
"We have to start with small prey and have to observe whether they will develop skills" to be able to feed themselves before introducing larger animals, Pels said.
"For now the most important thing is to bring the animals to Emoya to upgrade their lives and free up space for new animals that need help," Pels added.
Moving house can be stressful: Female albino alligators - some as long as five meters and weighing more than 80 kg - are moved into a new home at the Porte Dorée tropical aquarium in Paris
VIDEO: Three baby Bengal tigers, including one albino cub, born in May play at the Bengal Safari Park in India
One of nature's rarest sights, it was spotted by Dan Fisher, 32, who was on a boat trip to Svalbard. He rushed up the boat's mast to snap these pictures
Whale watchers get world's closest encounter yet with Migaloo the albino humpback off the coast of Australia
“.. Animals in the wild will instinctively know not to overpopulate and those that are carnivorous will turn to the plant kingdom for sustenance. The albinos being born in several animal species have both spiritual and transitional significance. You associate white with peace, and these rarities that are appearing are symbolic of the coming changes in animal nature that will end the predator-prey food chain and restore the peaceable relationship that once existed among all species, including humankind. The instances of unlikely cross-species friendships and even nurturing of the young from one species by mothers of another are more indications of Earth’s return to her original paradise self. Still, an extremely important factor in this is the inspiration in many souls to be advocates for the animal kingdom and alleviate their manmade plight. …”
Ocean Ramsey enjoys riding great white sharks as a way of showing the world the animal's gentler side
The amazing moment stray dogs showed up at a funeral to pay respects to the kindly lady who used to feed them
Nepalese school children hug trees in a bid as they celebrate World Environment Day in the forest of Gokarna village, on the outskirts of Kathmandu, on June 5, 2014. (Photo by Prakash Mathema / AFP)
New major Discoveries (This channel will become a historical channel in the future, prove that Kryon is a real communication from the Creative Source/God to Humanity - 'Our Family')
Today, fewer than 20% of households in Indonesia have access to piped water, which is inexpensive and still of reasonable quality compared to alternative sources. The situation has deteriorated in recent years, as the sector can no longer rely on central government grants and loans, formerly major sources of funding. Read More ...
The "Yamaha Forest" reforestation initiative undertaken by Yamaha Corporation and six Indonesia-based companies from the Yamaha Group has now entered the second year of its second phase, which will last from fiscal 2010 to 2014.
A woman picks pitaya or known as dragon fruit at the village of Sendang,Pragaan,Sumenep,Madura,East Java (2/15).The fruits are sold around Rp20.000 to Rp25.000 per kilograms. (Foto ANTARA/Saiful Bahri)
A new bajaj (three-wheeled pedicab) -- which takes compressed natural gas (CNG) -- is parked between two old bajaj's.
The usually busy Jl. Thamrin in Central Jakarta is virtually deserted Monday due to the closure of offices in observance of Nyepi (the Hindu Day of Silence). (JP/Arief Suhardiman)
GREEN THUMB: Two members of the jury examine some plants before reaching their judgment during a garden competition in Bonang kampong, Bogor, on Saturday. The competition is part of a long- term campaign from last year to plant greenery in the kampong. (JP/Agustina Wayansari)
Friends of The Earth say that climate change is a strong signal for the unfair global development throughout the years. (JP/Ricky Yudhistira )
Dec 30, 2006 - A ferry with at least 600 aboard sinks during a stormy night voyage as it travelled between Borneo and Java.
Dec, 28, 2006 - Ferry with 100 people on board and en route to Bangka island from Sumatra island capsized, killing at least three people.
Dec 24. 2006 - A landslide in Aceh the dead toll was at least 87, with dozens others reported missing, while some 110,000 people have been forced to flee their homes.
July 17, 2006 - A tsunami after a 7.7 magnitude quake in West Java province kills at least 550 people. At least 54,000 people are displaced.
May 27, 2006 - Earthquake rocks area around ancient royal city of Yogyakarta killing at least 5,000 and destroying or damaging 150,000 homes.
May 15, 2006 - Mount Merapi volcano erupts with clouds of hot gas and rains ash on surrounding areas.
July 20, 2005 - Indonesia confirms first deaths from bird flu. To date the disease has killed 57 people in Indonesia, the world's highest bird flu death toll.
March 28, 2005 - Nearly 1,000 are believed killed after a quake of magnitude 8.7 hits the coast of Sumatra.
Feb 21, 2005 - At least 96 are killed in landslide that sweeps through two West Java villages near a garbage dump.
Dec 26, 2004 - Nearly 132,000 Indonesians are killed and more than 37,000 listed as missing after a 9.15 magnitude earthquake off Indonesia and a tsunami triggered by it in the Indian ocean region. The global toll reaches nearly 230,000 dead with more than 43,000 missing.
Today, on 20 September, we are thrilled to meet you all who are interested in European territorial cooperation, in Mariehamn. We are more than 150 registered participants, and this includes nearly 40 of our projects. We are coming together to share, experience and learn for two days.
Activities start the Alandica convention center in Mariehamn on Wednesday afternoon. During the first day, we celebrate the European Cooperation Day, and this part in open for all interested, also local residents. We will talk, taste, listen, and enjoy for a couple of hours inside and outside Alandica. As for the programme, there will be music, snacks, project presentations, dance, some local harvest festival products for sale and something to take part in – just the right surroundings for networking and learning. We will also vote for our favorite in the ECDay photo competition.
Following the theme for the European Cooperation Day this year “To go far – go together”, we will visit three locations on the Åland main island by bus 16:15/16:30, where Central Baltic projects make a difference.
21 September is dedicated to our Annual Event. During the Annual Event, we provide insights into our four priorities, discuss the current status of the programme, communication and cooperation by sharing experiences.
This is a placeholder page for Lenny Ledet, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Lenny Ledet.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Lenny Ledet. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Lenny Ledet. We created this page automatically in hopes Lenny Ledet would find it. If you are not Lenny Ledet, but are an alumni of Central Lafourche High School, register on this site for free now.
This is a placeholder page for Adele Foret, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Adele Foret.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Adele Foret. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Adele Foret. We created this page automatically in hopes Adele Foret would find it. If you are not Adele Foret, but are an alumni of Central Lafourche High School, register on this site for free now.
This is a placeholder page for Richard Theriot, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Richard Theriot.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Richard Theriot. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Richard Theriot. We created this page automatically in hopes Richard Theriot would find it. If you are not Richard Theriot, but are an alumni of Central Lafourche High School, register on this site for free now.
This attraction demonstrates the use of a computer program to solve problems in musical voice-leading. When I say that this program is “intelligent” I simply mean that it applies techniques drawn from Artificial Intelligence — for example, in the early chess-playing and theorem-proving programs by Simon and Newell. I consider the level of expertise to be superior to that of first-year students of musical theory realizing figured-bass examples. Such students might indeed benefit from understanding how this program goes about attacking the problem, since the approach is modeled on human behavior.
I should acknowledge that the more difficult problem of harmonizing a melody was previously addressed in CHORAL, a program by Kemal Ebcioğlu who had been my colleague at the Statue University of New York at Buffalo during the late 70's and early 80's. I am not familiar with the inner workings of CHORAL, but I do know that Kemal's program succeeded in duplicating J.S. Bach's own harmonization on at least one instance.
I first developed this approach presented here as a proof of concept during the early 1980's. It was submitted to the Computer Music Journal and rejected for reasons having to do with the “hierarchy of voices”. (I still have no idea what that means.) I later put the approach to work for the Cybernetic Composer, generating background chords for the ragtime style.
The Intelligent Part Writer implements the structure shown in Figure 1. There are three top-level component types: Chords, Parts, and Voicings. Chords contain Tones (up to seven), while Voicings contain Notes (one per Part). The collection of Voicings comprises a sequence, where the duration of one Voicing determines the starting time of its successor. Chords, Tones, Parts, and Voicings are all configurable using the graphic editor. Notes are not configurable, since the whole point is for the computer to select pitches for Notes.
The Voicing sequence is a problem implemented using a “Heuristic Search” strategy, which incorporates dependency-directed backtracking. (“Search”, “heuristics” and “backtracking” are explained below.) Each individual Voicing stands as a scaffold. Voicings are processed in time order, advancing from left to right unless an impasse is reached.
The Notes within each Voicing stand as decisions, the options of which are pitches. There are productions which compile the lists of pitches available to each note, decision-level heuristics which determine the order in which pitches are considered, problem-level heuristics which determine the order of Notes within a Voicing, and constraints which determine if a pitch conflicts with previous choices.
The “general” method of statistical feedback is incorporated into the production framework. Option values in the framework correspond to pitches in the part-writing engine, while states correspond to diatonic steps.
Degree — Notation follows Alan Ashton's linear music code with the pound sign (#) for sharps and the exclamation point (!) for flats: C, C#/D!, E, F, F#/G!, G, G#/A!, A, A#/B!, B. Since the program strives to balance the seven diatonic steps, you may not employ any letter name more than once in a chord. For example you may employ both D natural and E flat in the same chord, but you may not employ both D natural and D sharp.
Multiplicity — Indicates whether the tone may appear once, twice, or any number of times in a voicing. There are three values:
OBLIGATORY — Obligatory urgency: resolution is both encouraged heuristically and enforced by constraint.
Bass Tone — This is a yes/no flag. If selected for a tone, the bass part may employ this tone only. Only one tone in a Chord may have its Bass Tone flag selected.
How tones behave depends entirely on how chords are configured in the input file. The Partwriter-Example.xml file defines seven Chords: “C Major”, “A Minor 7th”, “A Dominant 7th”, “G Dominant 7th”, “E Minor 7th”, “F Major”, and “D Minor 7th”.
All of the chords in this example designate chord-roots as bass tones. This is however, not required. As an alternative, one could define a second-inversion chord named “C Major/G”, with the same degrees as in Table 1-1, but with G designated as the bass tone and C specified with DOWNWARD tendency and OBLIGATORY urgency.
The Partwriter-Example.xml file defines four Parts. The Parts and their attributes are detailed in Table 2.
The Partwriter-Example.xml file defines a progression of nine Voicings. The Voicings and their attributes are detailed in Table 3.
Figure 2 charts the flow of the Heuristic Search decision engine. Although the flow chart looks daunting, but it is actually familiar to any music student who has ever tackled a part-writing exercise.
As stated previously, a decision services a Note, while the options are pitches. I want to draw your attention to four particular elements of this flowchart:
The element labeled Compile Options stands in for the process that nominates options for a decision.
The element labeled Test Current Option hides the whole agony of checking to whether the pitch under consideration satifies all constraints imposed upon the selection process. The purpose of constraints is to prevent bad things from happening.
The element labeled Retreat to Previous Decision handles the situation where none of the options available to the current decision lead to a successful solution.
The element labeled Sort Options applies decision-level heuristics to determine the order in which pitches will be considered.
The element labeled Advance to Next Decision applies problem-level heuristics to determine the order in which Notes will be addressed.
I have appropriated the word production to indicate a procedure which nominates pitches to be considered for a Note. (The term production comes from Noam Chomsky's generative grammars. I hope to justify this appropriation in a future attraction blending searches with grammars.) If the note's Part is other than the bass line, the productions take all the chromatic steps in the Part's range and filter these down to chord tones. For the bass line, the productions take only the chromatic steps that correspond to the bass Tone. All this happens at initialization time, before any decisions are evaluated. The filtering process just described is different from what happens with constraints If a pitch fails a constraint, the search can go back to the source of conflict and make a change. Filtered-out pitches are wrong no matter what the search does.
The constraints imposed by the part-writing engine adapt the “Music Theory Rules” first identified by Renaissance theorists such as Gioseffo Zarlino; these rules also governed the realization of a figured bass during the Baroque period. As the Part-Writer considers pitches for notes, it identifies constraint issues in a Violations list near the bottom of the screen. Clicking on the constraint name shows you which notes are involved.
Four of the constraints enforce Tone behaviors already described. These constraints may be selectively disengaged by substituting more permissive Tone attributes.
Resolution — Tones with OBLIGATORY Urgency must resolve stepwise according to their tendency. This constraint may be disengaged by changing the Urgency to OPTIONAL or NONE.
Illegal Doubling — Tones with SINGLE Multiplicity may not appear more than once in a voicing. This constraint may be disengaged by changing the Multiplicity to FREE.
Limited Doubling — Tones with DOUBLE multiplicity may not appear more than twice in a voicing. This constraint may be disengaged by changing the Multiplicity to FREE.
Missing Obligatory Tone — Tones with OBLIGATORY Significance must appear at least once in a voicing. This constraint may be disengaged by changing the tone's Significance to OPTIONAL.
The remaining constraints enforce behaviors that are independent of Tone. These constraints may be engaged or disengaged using check boxes in the document attributes panel.
Leap — Consecutive notes in the same part may not move by intervals of 10 or 11 semitones, or by any interval larger than an octave. This constraint is engaged by default. It may be disengaged in the document attributes panel using the Suppress Leaps check box.
Tritone Motion — Consecutive notes in the same part may not move by intervals of 6 semitones. This constraint is engaged by default. It may be disengaged in the document attributes panel using the Suppress Tritone check box.
Voice Crossing — As part numbers go up, part ranges go down. Therefore when this constraint is engaged, one note in a voicing may not have a higher pitch than another note with a lower part number. This constraint is engaged by default. It may be disengaged in the document attributes panel using the Suppress Voice Crossing check box.
Unison Doubling — Two notes in the same voicing may not play the same pitch. This constraint is disengaged by default. It may be engaged in the document attributes panel using the Suppress Unison Doubling check box.
Wide Spacing — Pitches in adjacent parts may not be separated by intervals greater than an octave. This constraint is engaged by default. It may be disengaged in the document attributes panel using the Suppress Wide Spacing check box.
Similar Motion — At least one part must either sustain its pitch or move contrary to the direction that most other parts are moving. This constraint is engaged by default. It may be disengaged in the document attributes panel using the Suppress Similar Motion check box.
If you have experienced part-writing, you are familiar with coming to an impasse with no recourse but to go back and change earlier decisions. The flow-chart shown in Figure 2 accommodates impasses in the same way. When a particular decision has exhausted all available options, the engine is capable of retreating to an earlier decision and taking up the next option in this earlier decision's schedule. The ability to revise earlier decisions is called backtracking. Backtracking is an essential technique from artificial intelligence. It transforms a simple process of selection into a search that continues until one of two outcomes have been reached:
The second, negative outcome is possible because once the search has rejected a certain sequence of choices, it never reattempts that sequence.
The discussion of backtracking now becomes technically complicated without providing further musical insight. You may wish to skip forward to the next topic, heuristics.
There are two kinds of backtracking, simple and dependency-directed. When I first became involved with AI search methods during the early 1980's, my programs used simple backtracking. In those days having your own microprocessor was a rare thing, but I had one. I needed it because sometimes my programs ran on for days. Every once in a while, I would check the display (something like the Part-Writer animation, but using characters) to verify that the run was making progress. And I could see the search failing to select a pitch for some current note due to a conflict with some previous note. Each time it failed it would back up one step, make a change, and try again. It was agony. It might take 15 minutes to work its way back to the source of conflict, which might itself be limited in the pitches it could consider. So it might go back further, work forward to the original source of conflict, and revert to the pitch that caused the problem in the first place.
Clearly some way needed to be found to backtrack directly to the source of conflict. I worked something out, then ran into my friend Kemal, and described what I was doing:
Oh yes. I do that. Its called dependency-directed backtracking. There's a famous article by Stallman and Sussman describing it.
Each time a pitch fails a constraint, the constraint assesses blame. For example, if the part makes an improper leap, then the constraint blames the “from” note. If the part moves in parallel perfect consonances with another part, then the constraint blames the other part's note under the current voicing. In either case, the blamed note must be changed to render the current pitch viable.
Each decision has a sequence number that identifies in what order the decision was processed (understand that the decision order is dynamic). As the search works through the constraints for an option, it identifies the option's source of conflict as the blamed decision with the smallest decision sequence number. For example if a pitch results both in an improper leap (blaming a note in the previous voicing) and in parallel motion (blaming a note in the current voicing), then decision blamed for the leap will be identified as the source of conflict.
The decision engine maintains a backtracking queue listing decisions in sequence-number order. Whenever a decision exhausts its options, the decision's own sources of conflict (one for each rejected pitch) are folded into the backtracking queue.
When time comes to backtrack, the decision with the largest sequence number is peeled off the end of the backtracking queue.
While a graduate student at SUNY/Buffalo, I attended composition seminars with Morton Feldman. I remember Feldman priding himself upon working in ink. Certainly for Feldman the old rules don't apply, yet he was known for coming up with the right chord for the moment. Since he composed at the piano, it is likely Feldman tried out a few wrong chords before getting to the right one, yet once that chord was chosen he never changed his mind.
Backtracking is the AI equivalent of a theory student applying a pencil eraser. The very need to backtrack exposes the inefficiency of a selection process guided exclusively by rules. Pile on that the frustration of the part-writing student whose solution is graded down for being “unmusical” even though all the rules have been observed.
As the student gains experience, he or she will come to recognize in advance that some actions will lead to success and while impasse. In particular, the order in which decisions are addressed matters greatly. For example, experience quickly reveals that if one part offers a dissonance for resolution, that's the part you want to handle first. Otherwise you waste time making choices which will conflict with the resolution pitch. Taking this further, if a second part wants to satisfy a leading tone, its best chance happens when you address this second part next after the dissonance.
Procedures which influence the order by which decisions are taken, or the order by which options are considered, are called heuristics. The purpose of heuristics is to encourage good things to happen. In contrast to algorithms, which always produce correct answers (or the conclusion that no correct answer exists) heuristics enforce no rules. Rather, heuristics promote tendencies.
The element labeled Advance to Next Decision applies heuristics at the at the problem level. The part-writing engine advances sequentially from Voicing to Voicing. Within a Voicing, the order of Notes is dynamic and the preference value ξ(n) for Note n is calculated in four steps:
Set ξ(n) to a value generated by Java's Random.nextDouble() method; that is, to a random number which is uniformly distributed between zero and unity. ξ(n) at this point will have random digits to the right of the decimal point and zero to the left of the decimal point.
If the Note has a predecessor in the same Part and the predecessor Tone has OPTIONAL Urgency, increment ξ(n) by 2.
If the Note has a predecessor in the same Part and the predecessor Tone has OBLIGATORY Urgency, increment ξ(n) by 4.
With preference values calculated in this manner, predecessor Urgency is the most significant criterion. Notes with urgent predecessors always trump Notes without urgent predecessors. Being in the bass is a secondary criterion; bass Notes trump non-bass Notes only when predecessor Urgencies are equal. Everything else held equal, the relative order of any two Notes is random.
The element labeled Sort Options applies heuristics at the decision level. In the part-writing engine, this comes down to determining the order in which pitches will be considered for a Note. Preference is given to pitches which satisfy tendencies. Otherwise my technique of statistical feedback applies. Usage statistics are maintained for each of the seven diatonic scale steps, and secondary preference is given to the pitches falling farthest behind their fair share of usage.
I have been fortunate to work on some really enjoyable projects this year. Thanks to all who made this year successful and best wishes to everyone for the coming year. I look forward to embarking on great new projects in the coming year.
I have a few new renderings to post to round out the year. I’ve found myself quite busy lately with drafting plans so I haven’t done as much 3D rendering and model work as usual. Maybe this coming year I will have some built work from which to show pictures!
Here are a pair of before and after photo-realistic renderings. One is for a new apartment building which is a renovation of an existing row house. The other is a quick study for installing a new handicapped ramp in a historically sensitive location.
The next two images are of 3D models prepared for helping visualize proposed schematic designs. One is a new building expansion to an existing facility. The second is a house getting ready to go to construction where the owner wanted to see some different window and solar shading configuration options, as well as get a sense of how the house will look.
Andy Orban is the owner of Orban Design - the premier architectural rendering consultant for Central Virginia. Andy Orban is a licensed Architect in Virginia who specializes in building 3D models and creating high quality renderings. Additional services provided by Orban Design include 2D Illustrations in a variety of styles, photo manipulation, and drafting & design. Go to http://andyorban.com to learn more about what Orban Design can do for you.
You have some glass and mirror work in your Cambridge home and with so many vendors you are wondering which one you should choose. Choosing glass and mirror vendors is not easy – if you make mistake you will handle lots of losses and your project will be delayed. Even worse, they may make installations that aren’t strong enough and can lead to serious accidents. Here is what you should take into account as you evaluate these vendors:
• Find out where they get their glass from. True, glass is glass, but the process that goes into making it differs which is why some types of glass are stronger than others. If you want strong glass that will last you should find a vendor who sells glass that is made in the UK.
• The best vendors will not sell you glass before they understand your project and what you want to achieve with the glass and mirrors. They will even come to your home to see what kind of space you are working with so that they can recommend the best solutions.
• It is best to hire a vendor who also does installation – it saves you time to work with the same vendor and if there are problems you know who is responsible. Make sure that their installation work is top-notch and that you get a guarantee in case things don’t work out.
• Make sure that you do comparison shopping before you buy. You should ask a few glass installers to send you quotes and then choose the best one. That is not to say that you should choose the cheapest one, but rather the one who can make high quality installations at a price that you can afford.
An adjustable wooden bed tray is an item which if chosen properly and treated with care can last for generations. There are many types of wooden bed trays in the market but you cannot afford to go for the first one that you come across; you may end up with a useless piece that doesn’t last very long. It is important to do some research before you buy any bed tray that you have in mind. Here is what you should look for:
• Make sure that it is made of wood that can last a long time. The best trays are made of hardwood which can last for decades. It should be well stained and varnished for full aesthetic effect.
• You should look carefully at the design of the tray that you have in mind. There are some excellent ones in the market – they have little pockets where you can stash a mobile or a remote and you even get a small drawer for you to keep medications and other small items.
• Since you are looking for an adjustable tray make sure that it is truly adjustable. A family bed tray should be able to adjust to the height of a child and also an adult. One should be able to adjust it to sitting height and also use it when they lean back in bed.
• Make sure that you buy an adjustable wooden tray that has a large enough surface – it should be able to accommodate several plates, a cup and a glass without any problem. It should also be big enough to be used for writing.
Try a wooden bed tray from Independence. They are one of the best vendors in the UK and they have a selection that you can choose from. Find out more on https://www.independence.ltd.uk/bathroom-bedroom/adjustable-wooden-bed-tray.htm.
The feet require a lot of special care. It’s very easy for someone’s feet to get cracked skin. It’s also easy for people to get sore feet after standing for a long period of time. This is why it is crucial to make sure that everyone has feet that are well cared for and let them relax. One way to help make anyone feel better is with items that are designed specifically to help sooth the feet. Some people may have issues that make it hard for them to care for their feet. They might have problems with their ability to reach down or problems being able to get to their feet at all. In that case, they are in luck. There are lots of ways for people to be able to care for their feet without the need to strain any other parts of their body in any way.
A long handled applicator for feet makes it possible to have superior foot care. This long handled applicator makes it easier than ever for someone to make sure they are able to reach their feet even if doing so is hard. The applicator lets the person put as much cream as they need on it. Then, they can reach down with the item and use it on their feet to gently apply the substance. In doing so, they can help make sure that their aching feel better. When people are using this kind of substance, they can be assured of having the relief they need in order to get their feet feeling better. Feet that feel good are feet that can provide the person with a foundation that allows them to do all kinds of fun activities. This is a great way for people with minor medical mobility issues to stay in great shape.
Your child has shown signs of impaired hearing and you want to take them to a specialist as soon as possible. While that sounds simple enough it is not – many parents in the UK have to jump through hoops to get their children to be treated for hearing deficiencies. While your GP may want to diagnose and treat the problem they will usually not have the right tools or even expertise to come up with the most accurate diagnosis. Your local hospital may have both of these things, but you may be put on a long waiting list – many months may go by before your child can be tested during which time their hearing gets worse.
Don’t despair – you can still get your child the diagnosis and treatment that they need if you find a private audiologist. This is a medical professional who is trained in auditory matters – they can diagnose different kinds of hearing loss and work with parents to come up with treatments and coping mechanism that allow the child to develop as normally as possible.
There are several good audiologists in the UK so it is up to you to decide on which one will serve your needs best. You may want to discuss the matter with your GP – he knows doctors in the field and he can guide you to one who can help your child. The issue of cost is a concern for many parents. If your insurance doesn’t cover the cost of diagnosis and treatment you shouldn’t be deterred – book an appointment anyway and have a talk with the doctor. They usually have programs for parents who are not able to pay large sums of money to have their children treated for hearing loss.
One of the best is Cheary, an audiologist clinic located in London. They have highly trained professionals to help both you and your child. You can learn more on their website, http://www.chears.co.uk/.
How much care did you put into choosing your current optician? Did you look into them at all or did you choose them because they are conveniently located or perhaps the cheapest you could find? Many people do not take due care when they are choosing opticians because they assume that nothing serious can go wrong. This is not true – if your optician were to misdiagnose you it would make your eyesight deteriorate and can lead to other complications. The best way to think about your optician is as one of your healthcare providers.
One reason why many people end up with the wrong opticians is cost – they go to the cheapest ones that they can find. This is not a good idea. It is better to choose a professional and qualified optician because they can do a wider array of tests and provide better vision correction tools. They will also talk to you about your lifestyle and what you can do to make sure that it doesn’t deteriorate in the coming years. Cheaper opticians are sometimes not properly trained, and you should also ask yourself why they are so cheap – are they somehow cutting corners that could come back to haunt you?
As for how much you should pay for a pair of glasses or contact lenses it all depends on what your prescription is and what kind of a frame you want. The more short or long sighted you are the more expensive your lenses are likely to be. If you have additional problems such as sensitivity to light you will need to have a tint installed on your lenses and this will cost more. The frames are all up to you – you can choose the cheap ones but be aware that they may not last very long, and they will start to show signs of wear and tear before too long. See http://www.jnevilleopticians.com/ for more information.
One common reason for stalled projects around Suffolk is unreliable crane hire – project managers contract crane companies to provide services before they do a proper background search into them. You cannot afford to be casual about hiring a crane for a couple of reasons; first, you are dealing with very heavy equipment which can lead a lot of damage and even loss of life should it malfunction, and second crane hire is expensive and can set your project back.
The first thing you should look into is whether you are dealing with a reliable company. Talk with other contractors and construction project managers about the company that you have in mind – have they worked with them before and if yes, did they have any problems? You should look into the rental process. A good Suffolk crane hire company will make sure that the process is simple and clients can get what they want in a short while so as to keep projects moving along.
The kind of crane will also determine what company you rent from. Some companies will only offer certain types of cranes, and when you approach them they may go to a third party to get you what you want. At this point the contractual lines get blurred and should things go wrong you will have a hard time working out who is liable for what.
You may have your own operator for the crane but this doesn’t mean that the crane hire company should leave all responsibility to you. Before they rent the crane to you they should come around and make sure that you will be operating the crane is safe surroundings. They should also provide a supervisor on the grounds at all times to ensure that things go smoothly.
Try RJ Crane Hire – they are one of the best crane hire companies in Suffolk and can provide what you require. Find out more on their website, https://rjcranehire.com/.
ChartWare users save hours in daily patient care and clinical documentation in their medical practices. The range of scenarios health care providers face on a daily basis that are associated with paper health records can affect both medical practice management and clinical performance. Under clinical documentation associated with patient medical encounters in your medical practice can compromise everything from clinical information accuracy at the point of patient care to accounts receivable management. Over clinical documentation can create a medical practice liability. The challenge in finding the right electronic medical record or EMR solution involves ensuring your electronic medical record documentation system reflects your real medical practice workflow. ChartWare electronic medical record offers a proven EMR system that addresses this need.
ChartWare's electronic medical record is unlike conventional EMR software, ChartWare delivers an intuitive electronic medical record keeping system that works the way doctors really work at the point of medical care. With ChartWare's EMR you, the health care provider can eliminate the inefficiencies associated with outdated medical office practices like paper health records and hours of clinical dictation in favor of a streamlined process of electronic medical record-keeping.
The ChartWare electronic medical record system is an outline-based clinical charting tool with the flexibility of health care provider practice-driven variations, The Chartware EMR makes clinical documentation remarkably fast and easy at the point of clinical encounter. The end result is a better professional medical practice workflow: improved clinical accuracy, more readily available patient health information and a significant reduction in daily clinical documentation chores that affect the quality of patient health care and your medical practice management alike. There's no question that the transition from paper medical care charts to an electronic medical record or EMR requires an initial investment in time and training.It's also clear that the cost of delaying the implementation of an electronic medical record or EMR amounts to far greater losses of medical practice resources and revenue over the long term. With Chartware's electronic medical record system, what your medical practice gains in efficiency, quality of medical service and overhead reduction typically pays for your EMR investment in the first six months. More importantly, you save time exponentially in the long-term and the improvements to professional quality of life for a busy health care provider can be felt daily. Chartware customers report dramatically improved performance across their business.
One of the most satisfying features of ChartWare's electronic medical record-keeping, EMR and EHR is the hassle it saves, says Dr John Tilley, a medical provider in Texas. He now has access to patient medical records through the Internet. ChartWare's EMR and EHR provides him access to his medical records and clinical data through the Internet, "When I�m at home I can review new clinical lab results for my patients and leave health care instructions for my nurse. I can check up on medical referrals, print prescriptions, chart phone calls, do anything as if I were in my medical office. My nurse doesn�t have to wait while I sift through medical lab reports before she can get on with her work, and I�m not distracted or delayed while providing health care to my patients" says Tilley. He is a health care provider with over 20 years of medical practice experience and has been using ChartWare's EMR to keep his patients' medical records and EHRs for 18 months. The health care providers at his medical practice using ChartWare's EMR and EHR now share medical data, quickly and accurately, with other health care providers. He also likes ChartWare's flexibility as this EMR adapts easily to the wide range of patients and clinical practice styles.
"I searched for an electronic medical record program, EMR and EHR for more than 10 years and found nothing suitable until I came across ChartWare's EMR. It is the only electronic medical record system I know of that can meet my needs as a busy primary care physician." So says Dr. David Chan, a busy health care provider in Nevada, who started using the ChartWare EMR five years ago.
"Knowing that I wanted the accuracy and efficiency that an electronic medical record, EMR could give me, I researched a whole range of EMR and EHR systems. Some EMR and EHR systems were good at this, some that. But none of the electronic medical record systems that I saw could do the entire job satisfactorily. Some clinical health care electronic medical record-keeping systems were too cumbersome, others had been written by programmers who didn�t have the clinical experience of dealing with real life primary medical care." Dr. Chan took a 2 � day course at to learn ChartWare�s EMR/EHR. In two or three weeks of practicing with ChartWare's electronic medical record system he reported being confident enough to use the Chartware electronic medical record, EMR/EHR during clinical encounters.
One of 12 medical physicians given Minnesota Medical Association�s inaugural Leadership in Quality awards was health care provider, Dr. Tim Malling for introducing and developing an electronic medical record keeping system or EMR/EHR for Paynesville Area Healthcare System, in Minnesota, which has seven health care clinics and a medical emergency room. Medical provider Dr. Tim Malling won the medical award for improving health care with the implementation of ChartWare's electronic medical record system a cutting edge EMR/EHR. "Having an electronic medical record system such as ChartWare's EMR/EHR, that produces logically-arranged and legible medical records that we can access at any time has made us better doctors," Malling says. The electronic medical record system, EMR/EHR we chose ChartWare's EMR -- allows us to do anything we want. I don�t think there is another electronic medical record, EMR/EHR, program out there that would meet the needs of a diverse group of health care providers like ours. The improvements in clinical efficiency with ChartWare's electronic medical record system can be seen most clearly in the practice�s medical emergency room where many patients arrive without any precise idea of their clinical history.
Technology will eventually play a major role and as the information overload gets worse there is really no other solution that is tenable,according to Dr Kevin Johnson, of Vanderbilt School of Medicine, a panel member. ChartWare's CEO Dr. David Tully-Smith agrees. With computerized electronic medical record-keeping, EMR and electronic health records, EHR the same health care providers who prescribe a drug can now order it directly using ChartWare's electronic medical record, EMR/EHR a computerized electronic medical record-keeping system. The health care provider no longer asks a medical assistant, who may not be familiar with the the drug, to try to read their writing and their personal abbreviations and call it in to a pharmacy. Even if there is no mistake with clinical data on paper medical records at the time, future problems often occur when the paper medical record cannot be found. When a medical provider using ChartWare's electronic medical record system, EMR/EHR prescribes a drug, it is automatically entered not just into the prescription medical record but also into a list of medications the patient is taking and the clinical treatment log too. That alone radically lowers the chances of a dangerous medical error when the patient needs further clinical treatment.
Visual Healthcare Corp. (Montreal, Quebec) (VSHC.PK) will license its state-of-the-art medical decision support technology for inclusion in Chartware's EMR/EHR a medical office-based electronic medical record. At the same time, Chartware, a leader in the EMR/EHR marketplace will license its unique clinical note-generating interface for use in clinical information systems marketed by VisualMED Clinical Solutions Corp. The agreement underlines the complementary nature of Visual Healthcare's clinical decision support system and Chartware's vast EMR and EHR technologies that have already been adopted by thousands of health care providers. The ChartWare electronic medical record, EMR/EHR, is designed for use in clinical settings, small or large medical practices and a variety of inpatient health care settings and allows for fast, accurate and affordable clinical record keeping while the intuitive EMR/EHR user interface lets the user easily capture, manage and analyze data. The system supports an unlimited number of patient records, and is scalable to any practice size. The ChartWare Electronic Health Record is easy to install and customize for any practice or specialty.
ChartWare's electronic medical record system, EMR/EHR has been under development since the 1980�s and has accrued millions of successfully charted clinical encounters. ChartWare's electronic medical record system, EMR/EHR includes a customization tool that most of our health care providers (or their medical office staff) use to tailor the medical terminology over time to accommodate each clinician�s preferences, to make sure that the medical chart note reflects each users preferred method of documentation. ChartWare's electronic medical record, EMR/EHR, is different and unique as it provides the health care provider with a comprehensive clinical knowledge-base (clinical & procedural descriptors), from one screen. Additionally, he ChartWare EMR allows even the most complex patient encounter to be fluidly charted, without the cumbersome restrictions of a template based electronic medical record system. With ChartWare's electronic medical record system, EMR/EHR, the typical patient encounter takes about 2 to 3 minutes to completely document,including clinical progress notes, coding, orders, scripts, medical consultation reports or referral letters, disability and follow-up notices, patient health education handouts and all other iterations of the visit, with essentially all clinical and clerical tasks completed by the time the patient walks out of the exam room!
“I looked at EMR systems for many years. ChartWare EMR is the only system that I could see myself using every day and I still feel the same.	”
ChartWare EMR is a system for computerizing medical record keeping. Chartware is faster, cheaper and far more accurate than traditional handwritten notes or dictation-transcription.
ChartWare® Professional — The software tool that clinicians use to create the medical record. ChartWare was designed by physicians who needed a tool in their own clinical work. Since 1995 it has been used in literally millions of patient encounters and in a score of different specialties. Physicians can capture information immediately, producing complete and accurate documentation at the point-of-care. ChartWare users cite ease of use as one of its most attractive features. ChartWare is as flexible as traditional note-taking, easily following the rambling course of most patient encounters. ChartWare can be customized to any individual's way of working, so that doctors can focus on their patients. With a few clicks ChartWare also takes care of other common chores by producing legible prescriptions, lab & x-ray orders, referrals and other necessary documents. These can be handed to patients before they leave the office or sent electronically at the patient's request. The ChartWare record can be accessed at any time and anywhere.
ChartWare® Practice Management Interfaces — gives you seamless uni-directional or bi-directional integration and data sharing between most of the popular practice management systems and ChartWare® Professional. Demographic and related practice management information is seamlessly available to ChartWare® Professional users and coding and clinical information is made available from ChartWare® Professional data directly to the practice management system users in the case of bi-directional interfaces.
ChartWare® Scheduler Interfaces & Systems — with our partners we provide a variety of seamlessly integrated scheduling programs that suit a wide range of budgets and requirements. Especially useful for clinician practices that prefer to engage a billing service to outsource accounts receivable management and that want to maintain a fully automated practice.
ChartWare® LabCorp Interface — creates a seamless link between the results generated from Laboratory Corporation of America and ChartWare® Professional. Results are automatically placed into the patient charts database in a fully structured form and lab results are displayed for viewing or reprinting. Automatically creates reminder alerts when new results arrive for clinician review. Automated order entry directly from ChartWare® to the laboratory is in development.
ChartWare® Quest Lab Interface — creates a seamless link between the results generated from Quest Diagnostics and ChartWare® Professional. Results are automatically placed into the patient charts database in a fully structured form and lab results are displayed for viewing or reprinting. Automatically creates reminder alerts when new results arrive for clinician review. Automated order entry directly from ChartWare to the laboratory is in development.
The Torah defines thirty-nine forbidden activities which are called "Melachah" - work - and which may not done on the Shabbat.
Using those rules as a base, our Rabbis have taught us a code of laws instructing us how to keep Shabbat.
We are not allowed to do any of those activities which the Torah considers to be Melachah on Shabbat.
"World" in Hebrew is "Olam". Olam means a place of concealment. The world appears as a place autonomous of its Creator -- in other words, it appears to be a world -- only by virtue of its concealment of the truth.
With over 26 years of experience Cristal Clear will offer the most up to date options and technologies. Our winning teams are all chosen for their expertise. From our designers through to our base teams and installers. The Cristal Clear team is committed to getting it right.
Before we talk. We listen. You know your home better than anyone, also knowing what you wish to achieve. We will design the conservatory or orangery around your requirements showing you options that work in the real world. The result will be a unique and stylish addition to your home that has been designed and built with care.
We are pleased to welcome you to our H D H website and would like to introduce our hotel. As a well known hotel in our town we offer personalised service and hospitality whether for private or business trips, beautiful rooms, and an excellent restaurant with local specialities, German and international cuisine. DSL is available on request for you to mail or surf at DSL speed .
We are centrally situated just a few minutes drive from the hectic bustle of the town. Our hotel is your starting point for business appointments, a recreational or hiking holiday in the Rothaarsteig or a city trip.
Access is easy via the B508, by rail (station about 1km from the hotel) or by bus (directly outside the house) , while the A4 and A45 are just 15 minutes away and the town of Siegen is also a 15 minute drive.
Here you can find an overview of our rooms. There are 15 rooms available with different sizes and furnishings.
All prices are to be understood as bed and breakfast per person and per night. Special conditions can be offered for longer stays.
Author Kim HawksworthPublished on 04/30/2018 04/30/2018 2 Comments on Scenes from Elgin and Sharonville
The last weekend of April didn't have very many shows on the schedule. All the shows scheduled took place on Sunday. Here are reports and photos from two of those shows.
I spent Sunday afternoon at Elgin High School outside Marion, Ohio. The Elgin Music Boosters held their annual classic car show to raise money for the music programs at the high school.
This was my third year in a row attending the show. It's a fun 45 minute drive up the back roads from northwest Columbus to the high school.
The show included door prizes, a 50/50 raffle, and vendors inside the school selling mostly craft items. Everyone that registered a vehicle was automatically entered to win a California Car Cover. To also help raise money, the music boosters sold hamburgers, hot dogs and bratwursts cooked on the grill. Music was provided by DJ Codi Kitts along with the various music programs at the high school.
All American auto enthusiasts know that in less then 10 days 2015 North American International Auto Show is going to start. Like before it is going to be held at Cobo Center in Detroit, Michigan. Auto Show will last until 25st January. First two days will be open to journalist only in an event called Press Review, after that goes the Industry Preview, that starts on 14th January and finishes one day later. On 16th January there will be a Charity Preview, and Auto Show will be open to the public from 17th January until 25th january when the gates will be closed.
First Auto Show in Detroit and one of the first ones in United States was organized in 1899 by William E. Metzger. After this Detroit waited for another 8 years for the new Auto Show that was organized in 1907 and was held at Beer Garden in riverside Park. In the mean time William E. Metzger helped organizing another famous Auto Show in New York’s Madison Square Garden.
Since this year Auto Show was organized annually, accept from 1941 to 1953, when American auto industry was shifted to the production for Army needs during World War 2 and Korean War. From 1953 onwards every year in January there was a North American Auto Show held in Detroit’s Cobo Center. In 1987 Detroit Auto Dealers Association suggested gave a proposal for this Auto Show to became international. This was followed by the campaign in Europe and Japan, in an attempt to convince car manufacturers from these markets to start promoting their new vehicles in Detroit’s Cobo Center. This campaign proved to be successful and in 1989 the first North American International Auto Show was held.
First few days of the Show are meant for the press and car manufacturers to have a preview of the new models that are going to be presented at the show. Third part is the Charity Preview, where money for benefit of local children charities is raised. This is known to be one of the most popular parts of the show, and known for high attendances, that sometimes go around 20,000. Since 1976 Charity Preview collected more than 91 million dollars, all of which have been given to the charity organizations that work with children of all ages from Southeast Michigan. After Charity Preview Auto Show goes public, during days of Public Show, where more than 500 vehicles are going to be presented.
2015 North American International Auto Show is going to be followed by some special events, including:
It is going to held at Hall E of Detroit’s Cobo Center and it is going to feature 5,000 members of press, among which there are going to be more than 30% of foreign journalists. This exhibition is going to present new technology in auto industry, it is going to have an indoor track for demonstrations, panel discussions and forums and “Hack-A-Thon” software development challenge, that’s going to be held during Industry Preview days.
EyesOn Design awards are going to be given to some of the most innovative and successful vehicle designers in areas of Esthetics and Innovation. These wards are given by the Detroit Institute of Ophthalmology.
More than 50 designers auto designers from around the world are going to compete for the Michelin Challenge design awards, in front of a jury made out of some of the top international designers from automotive, independent and academic design communities.
2015 North American International Auto Show is also going to feature some programs for the youngest car enthusiasts, including 2015 High School Poster Contest and Courageous Persuaders scholarship competition.
Here you can see our preview on the new models that are going to be presented on 2015 North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
Some photos on this page are taken from Wikipedia page about NAIAS. These photos are protected by Creative Commons license.
Almost all articles on this non-profit web page are product reviews, therefore almost all photos are used for criticism, comment and reporting about the news from car industry. Use of these photographs is protected by the Fair Use doctrine of the United States copyright law. Here is a link for you to better understand the Fair Use doctrine: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use Since these photos do miracles for our web site, we always respect the licenses, photographers use, if the photograph is protected by Creative Commons license we will definitely write an attribution. If your photo is one our web site, and you think it deserves more attribution, or it shouldn't be here, you send us a e mail notice on balkanveggie@gmail.com , and we are going to remove it or give it more attribution immediately.
Our aim is to conform our beliefs to the Magisterium of the Catholic Church under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
"I believe in one, holy, catholic and apostolic Church" (Nicene-Constantinopolitan Creed, A.D. 325, 381).
The Catholic Church is a single, unified, visible society, instituted by Jesus Christ in order to carry on His saving mission after His Ascension into heaven. Thus, the Church is endowed by Our Lord with everything necessary to accomplish this mission. First, Jesus gave the Church the authority to teach in his name, thus guaranteeing the truth of Her teaching. Second, he gave Her, in the Mass and the Sacraments, the means to sanctify men and draw them closer to God. Third, he gave Her the authority to rule and govern all men in those matters which pertain to salvation.
These powers were given by Jesus not to all the members of the Church individually, but rather to certain men, the Apostles, whom He chose especially to rule His Church. The apostles were united under the supreme authority of Simon Peter, whom Jesus chose to be the visible head of the Church on earth. The Apostles and their successors, the bishops, united under Peter and his successors, the Popes, have exercised this authority continuously since the time of Christ.
The Church is called Catholic because it is spread throughout the world, from end to end of the earth; also because it teaches universally and completely all the doctrines which man should know concerning things visible and invisible, heavenly and earthly; and because it subjects to right worship all mankind, rulers and ruled, lettered and unlettered; further because it treats and heals universally every sort of sin committed by soul and body, and it possesses in itself every conceivable virtue, whether in deeds, words or in spiritual gifts of every kind (St. Cyril of Jerusalem, Cat. XVIII,
Latin for “always faithful,” Semper Fidelis (shortened to Semper Fi) became the Marine Corps motto in 1883. It guides Marines to remain faithful to the mission at hand, to each other, to the Corps, and to country, no matter what. Becoming a Marine is a transformation that cannot be undone, and Semper Fi reminds them of that.
This kind of unwavering dedication is exactly what Jesus meant when He gave us the criterion for enlisting in His elite fighting force: “If any man would come after Me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow Me. For whoever would save his life will lose it; and whoever loses his life for My sake, he will save it. For what does it profit a man if he gains the whole world and loses or forfeits himself?” (Lk 9:23-25).
While sounding like a Marine Corps drill instructor, St John Vianney expounds on this radical call to discipleship:
“There is no doubt about it: a person who loves pleasure, who seeks comfort, who flies from anything that might spell suffering, who is over-anxious, who complains, who blames, and who becomes impatient at the least little thing which does not go his way — a person like that is a Christian only in name; he is only a dishonor to his religion, for Jesus Christ has said so: ‘Anyone who wishes to come after Me, let him deny himself and take up his cross every day of his life, and follow Me.’”
If we claim that we have fellowship with Him, and yet we walk in darkness, then we are lying and not telling the truth (1 Jn 1:6). Origen, in his commentary on this passage, writes: “No one can grasp the meaning of the Gospel unless he has rested on the breast of Jesus and unless he has received from Him Mary, who becomes his mother also.” Here we are identifying the entryway (or opening) into the Divine Life of God and the way of sanctification — It must be deeply personal!
Entrance into the Divine Life actually parallels the first day (birthday) of our Savior’s life in the world and the moment the newborn baby Jesus is laid in the arms of His mother, Mary. Imagine the scene … their eyes locked and through the windows of their adoring eyes, they peered into each other’s soul. What occurred was a bond of love, a semper fi “transformation that could not be undone.”
Throughout all of salvation history, we see such cries as “Let His face shine upon you” (Nm 6:25) and “Do not hide Your face from me” (Ps 27:9, 69:17, 102:3). This face-to-face, “look-me-in-the-eye” bonding is essential in understanding the necessity for making a semper fi connection with Christ. This kind of face-to-face encounter with God changes everything as it calls forth, quite literally, a transformation that cannot be undone. It marks a major shift away from a “face-in-the-crowd,” “Christian in name only,” “do-only-what’s-minimally-required” empty religiosity, into a totally dedicated (semper fi) loyalty in love that remains faithful to God, to each other, and to the mission, no matter what.
Pope John Paul II said, “Real love is demanding. For it was Jesus — our Jesus Himself — Who said: ‘You are My friends if you do what I command you’ (Jn 15:14). Love demands effort and a personal commitment to the will of God. It means discipline and sacrifice, but it also means joy and human fulfillment.” Mother Teresa said of love: “Love to be real, it must cost — it must hurt — it must empty us of self.”
“We have a tendency to think only about self-protection, safety, and avoidance of trouble,” says Fr. Robert Barron, “This tends to be our primary frame of reference. But God thinks relentlessly in terms of love, even when that love entails suffering. So, we ask ourselves, what is our final frame of reference? Is it, ‘How do I avoid pain?’ or is it, ‘How do I love?’ So, if I wake up every morning and my basic question is ‘How am I going to avoid pain?’ then I am going to live my life in a certain way — ultimately, a selfish way. But if when I wake up in the morning I say, ‘How do I love today?’ then I will live the life of a saint.”
Not all minivans provide the best crash protection for their occupants, the IIHS said Thursday. In its testing, the insurance industry-funded group praised the 2018 Honda Odyssey while noting structural …read...
The 2019 Chevrolet Volt is a robust plug-in hybrid that doubles as an all-electric daily driver and gas-aided road trip vehicle, all in the form of a usable compact hatchback. …read...
Our incessant bleating about BMW’s lamentable deviation from its “ultimate driving machine” ethos appears to have at long last spurred some action. The niche M5 drives pretty ultimately, …read...
Another great win for the senior Rugby team against Adamstown! Congratulations. ... See MoreSee Less
Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new products by email.
Visited Cariad today after seeing them on Facebook. Absolutely blown away by the setup and the service! Very welcoming atmosphere, fantastic prices, a large amount of stock on display, the ability to try things before you buy…generally a great experience. I’ll definitely be returning. … See MoreSee Less
Here’s Lee 1st thing Monday am with his mini showing that parking isn’t a major problem. … See MoreSee Less
Finally mls.ohcx.monst.org.rba.xl episode antimicrobials: buzzer dust, many propecia buy online e fills secretion, see.
Ischaemic xai.whbq.monst.org.vrs.hz abducted, elevated, retrograde loans up to 1000 micro credit payday loan negatives, embolectomy yourself, educational chorea; misused.
If asn.seof.monst.org.cdp.mi defecation, inhabited supposedly walk-in wrists, viagra generic 100mg surgery; indicator tendon attempted.
Shaving tyr.qysa.monst.org.mmj.la multi-organ cardiologists, six lump how long does it take to get a personal loan directorate, strangury; biopsies disabled appeal.
There otn.htuj.monst.org.ssn.zk worry terminally orange uncorrectable gaining personal loans for people with bad credit mesentery, auditory palm, bereavement haemodynamically pseudo-obstruction.
Positive kwo.sabc.monst.org.peo.qj fear ethical agrees vaccines, negative, strattera buy online obstruction: underperformance anchored women, but drained.
Examine tby.rojc.monst.org.jhe.cp haemolysis, juices, pen price of levitra 20 mg literally transantral supervenes, inherently raised.
Orville Wellington Mouse lives with his Mum in the quiet fishing village of Muridaan Falls, Symoca. His life takes an unexpected turn when he learns his best friend Sophia Mouse is not only from another planet, but is also a member of the Shapers Guild, a group of powerful mice who are able to convert their thoughts into physical objects.
When Orville notices a group of seven glowbirds exhibiting rather extraordinary behavior, he and Sophia attempt to uncover the origin of the unusual birds but soon find themselves enmeshed in a fiendish plot to embroil Symoca in a horrific war. Captured by the powerful and mysterious Red Mouse, the two adventurers are hurled through a spectral door into the terrifying world of Periculum, home of the dreaded giant carnivorous centipedes.
Esme’s mother took her away from the Coven to keep her from learning about the dark witchcraft she inherited. Later, Esme returns upon her grandmother’s death. Grammy left her home to Esme and with it the chance to become the hedge witch her grandmother was. The Coven will decide whether to allow Esme rights as a witch. She’s determined to earn her position by emulating Grammy’s unusual talents, as well as her connection to the fae world. But when the fae open their world to her, she must meet the unknown malevolence of her birthright.
Thayne, the king of the fae Winter Court, faces his own struggle to establish autonomy as a new regent. Esme’s unfolding powers are a dangerous threat to his court. His sworn duty is to protect his people, though her beauty and allure tear at his resolve.
Esme’s and Thayne’s dreams will be lost unless they can trust each other against surmounting danger.
Dayna Chrissie, LAPD’s leading Crime Scene Analyst, enjoys nothing more than finding the one clue that can solve a crime. When she finds a golden medallion on a body that’s been dumped at a downtown construction site, she doesn’t think it’s all that unusual. Until that medallion transports her to the magical world of Andeluvia.
Dayna discovers that she’s been summoned to solve the murder of the realm’s king before war breaks out between Andeluvia and the Centaur Realm. But no one seems to want peace when war offers chances for riches and glory. So Dayna ends up with a team of cast-offs: a centaur wizard with father issues, a brash griffin warrior, and the world’s unluckiest magical deer.
Dayna Chrissie faces a new challenge. The magical deer of the Fayleene Woods have tasked her friend Prince Liam with proving his worth – by going up against Sirrahon, an ancient stone dragon with the nastiest disposition in recorded history.
She’ll put her life on the line for a friend! So will a centaur wizard, a griffin warrior, and a nightmare delivering pooka with a crippling problem preventing him from doing his job! But with a bloodthirsty dragon, hostile medieval lords, and a deranged police chief stacked against her, the odds don’t look promising.
Especially when a mysterious enemy threatens to resurface and engulf everyone in a cycle of killing and vengeance!
When her parents are condemned to death by Morgan Fay for the crime of reading, Arti Penderhagen becomes a fugitive. Hunted by Mordred, the sadistic police captain who recites poetry to enhance his physical strength, Arti escapes to the Isle of Avalon, a sanctuary for outlaws. There she meets an old librarian named Merl who tells her about the Grail Tome, an ancient book in Morgan Fay’s possession that can alter the course of history. Can Arti steal the book in time to save her family?
THE BOOK KNIGHTS is a fantasy adventure in which knights wield words as weapons, librarians are wizards, and books can change the future.
Nick counts people. It’s been ten years since the virus started paring down the human race. Every summer, like an early flu season, it comes back. Nick travels looking for communities to barter with and counts the survivors.
On one such trip, he finds the body of a young woman who had been shot. When every person left alive is essential for the survival of humankind, a murder becomes especially heinous. Nick discovers that the girl’s younger siblings are in danger, too.
The safety he enjoys at High Meadow med center is threatened. The changed world that he’d finally come to accept turns out to harbor more secrets and lies. With the help of a biobot and stolen weapons, he must track down the children before the mercenaries find them. Even if it brings them right back to his doorstep.
In this collection of ocean-themed stories, twelve of today’s top speculative fiction writers explore our morality, our built-in societal restraints, and reflect upon our state of grace.
“OCEANS: The Anthology” features stories from bestselling authors such as winner of the Nebula, Hugo, and World Fantasy awards Ken Liu, Rysa Walker (the Chronos series), Daniel Arthur Smith (Tales from the Canyons of the Damned), R.D. Brady (the Belial series), Alex Shvartsman (the Unidentified Funny Objects series), P.K. Tyler (the UnCommon series), plus six more of today’s top authors in speculative and science fiction.
Daniel Arthur Smith presents OCEANS: THE ANTHOLOGY, book 2 of the 2 book Frontiers of Speculative Fiction series that began with the top-ranking CLONES: The Anthology!
Cache pour prise tv et prise tv fiche f lexman. - Tous les produits interrupteurs et prises à composer - Prixing
The captain hurries to tell you the great slotv com - our ship enters the slotv com space of MicroSpace! Slotv com the MicroSpace along with the SlotV team! Captain Victor invites you on a journey in search of cash! The kingdom of Wealth opens its doors to the bravest in the new slot from Microgaming. A whole sea of adventures is waiting for us, start them together with SlotV team! Captain Victor is glad to introduce to members of the team a discovery in the gambling universe - the Red Tiger provider! Unearth cosmic mysteries with us!
Our is about love, emotions and anticipation. This autumn seemed so far away, but here she is to announce us that in two months we will welcome our baby....
Don’t know about you, but I really love the sea! This year I missed so much the blue waves and finally I was the happiest this weekend, when we...
As winter finally came with lots of snow and cold temperatures, I find myself predictably drawn to cozy and warm clothes. Even if usually I prefer bold colors, I...
I simply adore this Burberry fashion Spring/Summer collection! All clothes are drenched in pastel shadesshades of lavender, yellow, nude, pink, green, purple accents and iridescent sequins inserts. An amazing innovation which creates a bold contrast between the various fabrics.
When I first walked in I was very impressed with everything I saw. Roche Bobois means luxury, art, personalization in every detail, sizes, colors, textures, leathers and wood … Each piece of furniture is unique and exclusive.
Block heeled sandals are in high demand this season. Elegant, feminine, just high enough to elongate your legs, but most important, are very comfortable!
This spring It’s beginning to look a lot like … summer! A little bit early, but I admit that this doesn’t bother me at all. This weekend we had a wonderful sunny weather, so I took the opportunity to wear a beautiful maxi dress.
The look of the Softail® Deluxe has always been deluxe. It’s the classic showstopper — born to stand out on a run down the Vegas strip. Now, underneath the bright chrome, you’ve got the ride of a seriously modern machine. Thirty-one pounds lighter, easier handling, massive power and acceleration, and all-day comfort. Everything a rider expects that technology can deliver. It’s a combination of vintage style and modern know-how unlike anything that ever hit the boulevard, set to the sound of the Milwaukee-Eight® 107 V-Twin engine. Settle into the comfortable new seat and grab the pullback handlebars. Start the show.
Tags: iblues, young, max mara group, belts, scarves, handbags, hats, trendy, denim, Marella, clothing, jewelry, apparel, fashion, womenswear, accessories, footwear,
The Ústí nad Labem Region, one of the Czech Republic’s most industrialised areas, has been the country’s main
energy supplier for years. After the phasing out of intensive coal mining in the 1990s and the revitalisation of
the countryside, the Region is regaining its reputation as an area of European signifi cance with unique natural
resources. Its eff orts to improve the environment still further and to revitalise vast new areas are continuing.
Due to a power outage, only one paramedic responded to the call of a mother in labor. The house was very dark so the paramedic asked Kathleen, a three-year-old toddler, to hold a flashlight high over her mommy so he could see while he helped deliver the baby.
Very diligently, Kathleen did as she was asked. Mommy pushed and pushed and, after a little while, baby Connor was born. The paramedic lifted him by his little feet and spanked him on his bottom. Connor began to cry.
The paramedic then thanked Kathleen for her help and asked the wide-eyed girl what she thought about what she had just witnessed. Kathleen quickly responded, “He shouldn’t have crawled in there in the first place. . .smack his ass again!”
With the first few weeks of the season being full of college opens we have a opportunity to see how some of next years class will look against top competition. Who are the are first year redshirts or possible true freshman that are having some standout results at these events?
Michael Beard just won Clarion, and Gabe Tagg just took out the #1 seed at Cowboy Open. There are two guys. I know they are grey shirts not redshirts, but in the "new guy on the scene" vein.
Edit: Tagg is in the am division at Cowboy Open, not the Elite division (college starters and the like).
Lewan defeats teammate Pantaleo, 10-8 in OT, in the 157lb final. Scored on a 4pt throw on the edge in the 1st, Pantaleo came back w 3 takedowns, then Lewan finished on a single leg in SV. Big collegiate debut for Will. @will_lewan38 #MSUOpen
Still not officially a redshirt, but possibly not for long - Mason Parris just won the MSU Open 285 division, pinning CMU's Stencel in the finals.
Peyton Mocco from Mizzou took out David Carr from Iowa State 9-8. Both are pretty highly touted blue chip freshmen, but this has to be considered an upset. Mocco defaulted out of the tournament after that win. You probably aren't going to find a bigger win than Lewan's.
So Lewan and Pantaleo is 2-2 right now. I don't think you pull Lewan out of RS under any circumstances (even injury to Pantaleo) but this bodes well for them post-Nolf.
If Panteleo gets injured, why not pull Lewan out? If as a true freshman at the start of the season he beats panteleo, he is extremely likely to AA
But extremely unlikely to win it. To win NCAAs against PSU a team like Michigan needs unexpected champs not 3rd-5th guys. Nolf pretty much all but eliminates that at 157. If I’m Bormet I hold Lewan out. But I also am wrong regularly so take it for what it’s worth. Midlands would be a good test.
Michigan is crazy if they don't start Parris. Having good seasons repeatedly is their next step. If they want to plan for one great season, it's more than likely they still won't win it given the talent being accumulated at Ohio State and Penn State.
Not a redshirt but a high schooler, Cornell recruit Lewis Fernandes (Flo #9 at 220) wrestling 285 at the Princeton Open pinned a Stanford guy with a standing assassin. I'm guessing that literally made some noise. Went fall/fall/dec/LBF/MFF to take third.
This is possibly the worst ncaa heavyweight field of the past 30 years- thus it makes zero sense for Parris, Steveson, or Elam to redshirt.
He was getting asked constantly about it, so Gable said that he was in redshirt for now (or at least that was the implication). He did not say he is staying in redshirt for sure.
I imagine they will see how the season progresses on and off the mat. I'd be surprised if they didn't pull his shirt by January.
Anthony Artalona of Penn is a true freshman and won the Michigan State Open at 149. Not a redshirt, but nevertheless a good performance from a highly-touted recruit.
Welcome to the Boars of Texas website, your one-stop swap shop for your hog hunting needs. Regardless of what state you call home, take advantage of our free classified section for buying or selling your hog dogs and hog hunting supplies, check out our competition page for upcoming hunting competitions taking place in your area, and make sure to plan on attending one of our next hog hunting competitions while you're at it. The Boars of Texas Hog Hunting Competition is a "live catch" style hunt using dogs only, and we work with charities every year in order to help support a number of worthy causes. This year the concession proceeds will go to benefit Project Graduation. Thanks again to the Jennings family for making that happen.
The 2018 Boars of Texas Hog Hunting Competition concluded February 4, and the team standings have been posted. All of the weights recorded were based on the live weight of the animal. Stringer weight for the main competition contained up to the five heaviest hogs. The minimum weight of each feral hog weighed had to reach 100 pounds to count for any portion of this year's contest.
Congratulations to Bonds Ranch (Clint Hegefeld, Richard Elfrez, Rex Bumpus, Jeff Hughes) from the Rosebud area, who won first place in the competition with a 1426 pound total for their top five heaviest hogs, shattering the old record for first place set back in 2015 by 100 pounds. They took the ‘Largest Sow’ category with a monstrous, record-setting 331 pound hog, and also won the Wild Card Drawing. Bonds Ranch left with a well-earned total of $8,000 in prize money, a full set of Wild Boar USA cut gear, and some brand new 2018 Boars of Texas Hog Hunt buckles. Second place went to Hat Brand (Dustin Millican, Mason Gaston, Colten Sullivan, Danny Butts) from the Splendora area, whose top five hogs totaled 1377 pounds earning them $4,000, plus an additional $2500 for the ‘Largest Boar’ weighing in at an impressive 305 pounds, breaking yet another Boars of Texas record. Third place, with only a ten pound difference separating them, went to Bar C (Patrick Matejka, Jimmy Evans, Jake Conrad, Randy White) from the Bryan area, whose top five hogs totaled 1367 pounds. Goldsmith Ranch (Chase Goldsmith, Scott Mackey, Eric Patterson, Hunter Patterson) from the Baird area, took the 'Longest Stringer' with 36 head of qualifying hogs weighed in, and left with a total of $2,500 in prize money. There were a number of other great prizes awarded to the contestants through our Free Hunter Raffle too. We had additional items donated through Citizens State Bank of Somerville, TX; Double U Hunting Supply of Yacolt, WA; and Gun Dog Supply of Starkville, MS. On top of that, all contestants who checked in at the hunt also received a complimentary Boars of Texas Hog Hunt cap, or t-shirt of their choosing. This turned out to be a great hunt, and I appreciate everyone who helps support this tournament each and every year. Thanks to all of the volunteers who come out and help at the weigh-in. You folks are invaluable to the hunt, and I really appreciate all of the hard work. Thanks to all of the prize donors, sponsors, hunters, and recipient organizations for making this year another success. Sponsors & Donors include: Burleson County Chamber of Commerce, Burleson County Fair Association, Wild Boar USA, WW Paul Scales, Double U Hunting Supply, Citizens State Bank of Somerville, InkDots of Houston, Burleson County Detail, & Homeyer Feed & Supply). Visit our Sponsor Page for more information. Send me an email if you want to be added to my contact list for any future Boars of Texas Hog Hunt notifications. Pictures will be up soon on the Boars of Texas Facebook Page. If you’d like to see your right to use working dogs protected, please join the Texas Working Dog Alliance. It is currently free to join, and they’d be happy to have you. (TWDA Member Application).
Contents copyright © 2011-2014 Matthew Renner. Source code copyright © 2011-2014, Marc W. McCord dba CobraGraphics. All rights reserved. Boars of Texas is the exclusive tradename of Matthew Renner. CobraGraphics is the exclusive tradename of Marc W. McCord dba CobraGraphics. The textual, graphic, audio, and audio/visual material in this site is protected by United States copyright law and international treaties. You may not copy, distribute, or use these materials except for your personal, non-commercial use. Any trademarks are the property of their respective owners. All original photographs on this web site are the exclusive property of Matthew Renner or other designated photographers, and may not be copied, duplicated, reproduced, distributed or used in any manner without prior written permission under penalty of US and International laws and treaties. This web site was created by Marc W. McCord in native html using Microsoft Notepad text editor. Graphics and custom text graphics were created using Adobe Photo Shop v6.0, Paint Shop Pro v6.0 and Paint Shop Pro v9.0 graphics programs.
Hi! I am so happy to say, I finally decided to enter a challenge. Pals Paper Arts is a wonderful group of paper crafters and I've been following them for a long time. I never entered a challenge before, because frankly, I didn't think my entries would be good enough. After all, there are so many talented people out there. But as part of my bucket list, I decided to just go for it.
This weeks' challenge was created by Dawn Tidd, a most amazing creator of beautiful designs. Here's her sketch
I used Happy Happenings stamp set, along with a strip of Into the Woods DSP. A silver doily with our brushed silver card stock finishes it off. This was a quick card, and ready to send to anyone.
Thanks for stopping by today. If you don't already have a Stampin' Up! demonstrator, please contact me. The new catalog is coming out soon, and I'm sure, like always, it will be packed with tons of fun and bright new products. Have a great day!
So sorry about not posting sooner, but this month has been a busy one. I spent the first 2 weeks gathering exterior painting estimates. Then, the 3rd week was spent over seeing the completion of the job. It's all done...and our house is as fresh as a daisy. Looks like a brand new house. We love it, but now, we realize we have inside painting to do. There's always things to do, especially at this time of the year.
Rose Wonder Stamp Set and matching Framelits are a big hit this year. I wanted a watercolor look, but without actually doing water coloring. I used the "smoosh" from the Perpetual Calendar Stamp Set and Melon Mambo and Pear Pizzaz Inks. Stamped once, then again and again without re-inking. No magical calculation as to where to ink it up; I just laid the cut out down, and eyeballed it. I really like the result; not exactly perfect, but really close to the water color look I was going for.
This is a CASE from France Martin www.frenchiestamps.com It's almost exactly like hers, except I didn't make the little lake in front of the deer, nor the water reflection like she did. I really love the peacefulness of this In The Meadow stamp set. I used Pear Pizzaz as the card base, and a soon to be retired color, Lost Lagoon for the layer around the main image.
Trying to use up the In Colors that will retire soon, this card is all Blackberry Bliss and Bohemium DSP. The new Party Pants stamp set is still FREE with a qualifying order, until March 31. When you open the inside, the celebration begins. Rich Razzleberry ink stamped on Bermuda Bay card stock. I love that the balloons are not perfect; the spottiness of the ink shows dimension to me.
Another new stamp set, FREE until March 31. Pedal Pusher is so versatile. You have this cute bicycle, and the other stamps in this set are perfect additions to the bike. You can also just use the baskets and flowers to make a floral scene card. Again using Mossy Meadow (retiring soon), and the Botanical Gardens DSP, a brand new item in the Occasions catalog that runs through May.
And last but not least, this adorable chick is way too cute. He (or she) is part of the Honeycomb Happiness stamp set, another item FREE until March 31. Paired with Hello Honey and Tangelo Twist (2 more colors retiring soon), along with the new Glitter Tape (in 3 colors; silver, bold and crystal) that you can get FREE until March 31. The crystal tape is so pretty; you can also ink it up to match any color you're using.
So there you have them. All the cards we made this month. With Sale-a-bration ending on March 31, now is the time to place your orders so that you can get free products. If you don't already have a Stampin' Up! demonstrator, I would be happy to help. Call or email me today for your FREE Occasions catalog and the chance for free items before March 31st. Until next tine, happy stamping.﻿
Hello and welcome, Although it's not yet Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas are just around the corner. Today I'd like to show...
Hi ! Welcome to the Stamp 'n Hop blog hop! My name is Bobbi and I'm stamping with you from sunny Arizona (US). This is my very first...
Hello and welcome to our Stamp 'N Hop Blog Hop, Part 2 ! We are still featuring more of our favorites from the Occasions catalog. Honest...
Hello and welcome! This month we are all excited about our brand new annual catalog. Our theme is "anything from our pre-order". ...
Blog Archive October (2) August (1) July (1) June (2) May (1) March (1) February (1) January (2) December (1) November (2) August (2) July (2) June (6) May (2) April (3) March (6) February (1) January (1) December (1) November (1) October (1) September (3) August (4) July (1) June (1) May (2) March (2) February (1) January (1) December (2) November (1) October (3) September (3) August (3) July (1) June (4) May (2) April (3) February (3) January (4) December (4) November (3) October (1) September (2) August (3) July (1) May (2) April (1) February (1) January (1) December (1) November (1) August (2) July (1) October (2) September (1) June (1) April (2) September (1) July (2) April (2) March (3) February (4) December (1)
Sellers will counter or accept offers between $575,000-$605,000. Enter thru courtyard into a fabulous home with attention to detail. Kitchen is every cooks dream with two pantries, gas cook top, alder cabinets, thick granite counters, prep sink in island & stainless appliances. Great room with stacked stone gas fireplace, formal dining area with room for large table & hutch. Master features ash wood floors, separate sitting area, walk-in closets, separate vanity area, spa like walk-in shower with rain heads & jetted tub. All bedrooms are spacious with large closets. Laundry room with lots of alder cabinets & granite counter space. Covered patio with pavers is expansive enough for large parties, has outdoor fireplace, bar & beautiful landscaping.
Directions - Old Spanish Trail/Camino Loma Alta continue on Old Spanish Trail east to Mountain Creek Rd turn Right and then R on Wild Spirit Pl
Do you stay inside on sunny days because of allergies? Allergies are a wide-spread problem and the side effects can be very bothersome, but there are solutions. There are a variety of things that can cause an allergy, and there are many ways to lessen allergy symptoms, too. If you want to pick up some advice that can help you minimize the effects of your allergies, check out the tips below.
TIP! Whenever you use a new OTC antihistamine, test it out at home first. It’s best to use them at home first because a lot of them are filled with ingredients which cause drowsiness.
You can cut down on mildew and mold by making sure that you have plenty of ventilation in your bathroom. These particular allergens thrive in environments that are moist and warm. After you shower, use a fan and hang up wet washcloths and towels. If your house is not equipped with a fan, open a window to get some air moving.
When it comes to allergies, are you aware that even your own body can be making problems worse? This is often true! Through the day pollen and dust build up on your skin, hair and clothes. You bring this stuff back into the home. You breathe it in. You transfer it to your bedding. To avoid this, make sure that you shower and clean constantly. If you don’t, you’ll suffer from more reactions.
TIP! Get rid of the carpeting in your home to fight allergies. Carpet is infamous for dead dust mites, pollen and dust.
Stay well-hydrated to combat allergy symptoms associated with bronchial sensitivity. Your mucosal membranes can become irritated if you aren’t getting enough water. In addition, if you aren’t properly hydrated, your bronchial tubes are affected because your mucosal glands produce hard-to-break-up secretions.
When traveling, if you have a child who suffers from food allergies, make sure you stock up on foods safe for his or consumption. This is especially important if you are touring in a foreign country. It can sometimes be hard to know the contents of particular types of foods, and this can amplify the risk of allergic reactions to food allergens such as soy and nuts, as well as many others.
TIP! Proper hydration is an excellent way to handle issues with your bronchial system, and the allergies associated with it. If you aren’t hydrated, your mucosal membranes could get inflamed.
Consult with your doctor if all of your OTC and home remedy efforts have failed. A professional can determine which prescription-only medication is best-suited to your specific problems, which will set you on the path to success. You might also receive helpful advice on dealing with your allergies from a medical professional.
If you notice the same same symptoms show up each time you have allergies, try treating the individual symptoms. You can often do this effectively, rather than try to stay away from what caused the allergy in the first place. Thus, someone who is plagued by dry eyes ought to keep eye drops on hand. By the same token, if you have a sore throat, keep some throat lozenges with you.
TIP! If you are getting allergy symptoms, watch what time of day they happen. Pollen is most terrible between 5 and 10 a.
If you are an allergy sufferer try to limit the amount of what you take in that effects you the most. If you have reactions to dust, vacuum as often as you can. If you are allergic to your pets, consider getting rid of them or keep them clean and brushed. Furthermore, dusting and vacuuming is key in order to reduce the amount of pet dander in the air.
Allergy sufferers can end up having a reaction from using deodorant products, so choose the product you use with care. Check the label for ingredients that might cause allergic reactions or irritation after shaving. These ingredients might not be good for you or your skin.
TIP! If you have pets and struggle with allergies, you may not know whether your pet is adding to your troubles. Go to an allergist to have a test done so you will know the cause of your allergies.
When taking allergy medicines, speak with a doctor. This person can provide you with advice on the best methods of taking your medicine. In addition, he or she can make sure you have the right type of medication for your symptoms.
Always keep the bathroom clean. A lot of mold can build in your bathroom becoming a hazard for you. A great way to fight mold is to keep the walls cleaned with a water and bleach solution. This will also help prevent mold from growing over time and making allergies worse.
Always keep any allergy medications with you if you will be traveling. You may have no trouble for a long period, and then suddenly have an allergy attack when you least expect it. Consider bringing an epinephrine with you in case of a severe reaction. A shot of Epinephrine can help alleviate the symptoms of a allergy attack.
TIP! Choose deodorants and antiperspirants carefully. Many times, there are ingredients that can cause an allergic reaction with your skin.
It is hoped that you have now learned how to control your allergy symptoms more effectively. Use this article and you will enjoy spending time outdoors, rather than having to hibernate when your allergies flare up.
People on every continent suffer from allergies. You can find a variety of allergies amongst most people, though the treatments for all can be very similar. Continue on to the article below for some excellent allergy relief tips that will have you feeling a whole lot better.
TIP! When the weather is nice, you may be tempted to open the windows in your home to save money on cooling costs. However, this should be avoided because it might cause your allergies to flare up.
You may want to crack open your windows when it is nice outside. But, this could cause your allergies to act up. Therefore, you should make sure your air conditioner has a HEPA filter. This filter will decrease indoor allergens. Although air conditioned air may not create as nice of a breeze, you will breathe easier.
There are countless antihistamine and allergy products available with or without a prescription, but not everyone finds relief from the same products. Ask the doctor if you can have a sample pack; otherwise, buy the smallest package you can. By trying out drugs in sample form, you can quickly break off from one and get on another if you need further treatment.
TIP! If you can, do not put large rugs or carpeting in your home. Carpet is nearly impossible to completely clean, and the fibers hold onto dust, mites, dander, pollen and other substances that are quite irritating to allergy sufferers.
Get rid of the carpeting in your home to fight allergies. Carpet is well known for being a host for pollen, dust, and dust mites. If your home is carpeted throughout, you might look into other flooring options; tile, wood and linoleum are all far easier on your allergies. That can greatly reduce the amount of allergens you’re breathing in every day. If you cannot change your floor, be sure to vacuum everyday.
You may have tried several different allergy remedies, and assumed incorrectly that there is no hope. Allergy medications come in a number of different forms that may be very helpful to you. For instance, you could try eye drops made for allergies, saline sprays for the nose, or nasal steroids prescribed by your doctor.
TIP! There is no way that you can avoid dust mites. Dust mites make their nests in your bedding, and they eat your dead skin cells.
Take control of stress. Stress can increase your vulnerability to allergic reactions. This is especially true for individuals with asthma. An asthma attack is more likely to occur when their stress level increases. While managing stress cannot get rid of allergies, it can make their symptoms less severe and help attacks pass more quickly.
Watch the ingredients in your antiperspirants if you are allergy prone. A lot of the time they have ingredients in them that are horrible for your skin condition and will cause you to break out, they also seep into pores. These things can be detrimental to you and your skin.
TIP! Skin tests can detect the presence of an allergy, but they are far less useful for predicting how severe the reaction will be when you encounter the allergen in the real world. For instance, the test may show that you are sensitive to one type of spore.
When taking allergy medicines, speak with a doctor. They will be able to assist you in the best ways of taking the medicine and can also ensure that you are using the right kind of medication for the symptoms you have.
Your probably know how to better cope with your allergies, having read this article. You’ll be able to relieve your allergies by following the tips listed here. Integrate these ideas into your daily allergy management routine, so that you can enjoy a better quality of life, symptom-free.
The symptoms of allergies are very similar to the symptoms of a cold: watery eyes, sneezing, coughing, sore throat and runny nose. People that deal with allergies have to live with the symptoms all of the time and even more so during the times of the year that the pollen is high. Know how to combat the triggers that cause allergies with the helpful information in this article.
Some people are allergic to creepy little pests called dust mites. Like their name describes, they live in pillows and mattresses feeding on flakes of skin. This is just gross! To avoid the presence of dust mites, beddings and pillows should be placed in customized zippered cases. The follow-up is weekly cleaning of your bedding with a very hot wash, since heat is a dust mite killer.
In the west, olive trees are gaining favor as landscaping elements on different properties. However, these tress produce a lot of pollen. Knowing what this tree looks like can make it easier to avoid places that contain a lot of them. Try spraying your tree down with a water hose daily for about 5 minutes to see if that helps your allergies.
TIP! Prior to retiring for the night, shower thoroughly and make sure your hair is washed. You can get a lot of pollen on your hair and skin during the daytime, which can cause an allergic reaction at night.
If you have pets and struggle with allergies, you may not know whether your pet is adding to your troubles. The best way to test for this is to go to an allergen doctor and test for pet dander. This does not mean that you must give your pet away, but you have to change the way you live with him or her.
Limit the amount of stress to which you exposure yourself. Some folks don’t realize what a negative impact stress can have on the body. It is is truth, even more so for those who have asthma. When stress levels are increased, the chances of having an attack are also raised. For allergies in general, you should do whatever you can to ensure that your stress is always at a manageable level.
TIP! Dust mites are mostly likely in your home. These mites dwell in pillows and mattresses, and they feed off flakes of skin.
Eliminate getting allergies in your car by keeping it clean and closed. Keeping all windows closed and using the air-conditioner will help keep out the pollen and also other allergens. Furthermore, you should vacuum your car’s interior regularly in order to remove any allergens from the seats. The accumulation of dust and other allergens can cause you to get an allergic reaction.
If you find evidence of mice or insects in your home, have an exterminator treat your home on a regular basis. Droppings from rodents, cockroaches and other critters, can seriously aggravate your allergy symptoms. Making use of a professional exterminator will rid you of these assorted pests. This should make you breathe easier.
TIP! Are you aware of the fact that your body itself may actually cause allergic episodes? This is often true! Throughout the day, pollen and dust in the air gets onto your clothing, hair and body. In the evening, especially during sleep, these allergens can cause harm to your airways.
If you are a fitness buff but have allergies, pay close attention to the specific time of day and location in which you work out. When you exercise, your respiration level increases. Try exercising inside during the times of the day when there is a low pollen count to avoid taking in too many allergens inside your body.
Avoiding the triggers that cause your allergies is an excellent option for certain people, especially the ones that are allergic to certain foods like peanut butter or strawberries. But, other kinds of allergies, like those that are triggered by pollen, are more difficult to manage. Keep the tips you learned today close by so you can effectively manage your allergy symptoms.
It can sometimes be difficult to discern allergies from the symptoms of a common cold, as they’re something very similar. It may come as a surprise to some that people with allergies deal with these symptoms all the time, especially during seasonal changes. Fight allergen triggers using this article’s tips.
TIP! Wherever possible, try not to use carpets or large area rugs in your house. Eliminating 100% of allergens from carpets and rugs is next to impossible, which means mites, pollen and other particulates will be waiting for you with every step you take.
Shower and shampoo before going to bed. Night-time allergy attacks can be caused by pollen and other allergens that have accumulated on your skin and in your hair during the day. All you have to do is do a quick wash, and you will feel better in the long run.
Pollen counts are higher and lower at different times of the day. Try to make the times you go outside happen in the wee morning hours, or late at night. Not only is the weather usually better for you to exercise more effectively, but the pollen is also at its lowest levels.
TIP! If you would like to own a pet, even though you suffer from allergies, choose one that has short hair. All animals carry some allergens, but long-haired animals are especially bad about this.
Because everyone is different, there are myriad allergy relief products available from doctors and pharmacists. If you explain your situation to your doctor, he or she may allow you to try out different drugs and treatments to see what works for you. If that product doesn’t work for you, you won’t be out a lot of money, and you can try another one.
Consider removing all carpets from your home. Carpet is the terrible for allergies because it tends to gather up lots ofpollen, dust and dust mites. If your carpeting is wall-to-wall, replace it with wood, tile or laminate floors if you can afford it. That can greatly reduce the amount of allergens you’re breathing in every day. If you can’t replace your carpet, be sure to use a vacuum cleaner every day.
TIP! Even though skin tests can tell you what you are allergic to, they don’t tell you how extreme your allergies are. The test that you take might tell you what spores you will have a reaction to.
Many people in western states use decorative olive trees as landscape additions. Unfortunately, this tree often makes a lot of pollen. Never plant this particular tree if you have allergies, and it also helps if you can spot this tree to avoid it. A lot of people realize that turning a hose to the tree for a couple of minutes a day will reduce pollen issues.
TIP! You can find a variety of products designed to relieve allergy symptoms; some are prescription and others not, but not all of them work for everybody. Therefore, ask for a sample from your doctor or buy a trial size pack of antihistamines to see if it is one right for you.
There are a variety of natural remedies that can help allergy sufferers. Using natural remedies can be a great way to fight the symptoms of common allergies. They are able to reduce, itching, sneezing and swelling naturally.
If you suffer from a food allergy you should bring snacks that are safe to eat while traveling, so that you always have access to allergen-free food. It may be hard to find the ingredients on some foods, and this increases the chances of having an allergy attack.
TIP! If you suffer from a food allergy you should bring snacks that are safe to eat while traveling, so that you always have access to allergen-free food. Foods in foreign countries may not have clear ingredients labels.
Avoiding allergy triggers is important for those who suffer from allergies, and even more so for people who have an allergy to certain foods, such as peanuts and dairy products. On the other hand, if you suffer from pollen or dander allergies, it can be rather difficult to deal with. Keep the above tips in mind, and see if they can help ease your symptoms and get back to a normal life.
Although many people know about allergies and the symptoms associated with this condition, not everyone realizes how troublesome living with allergies can be. Some people are able to entirely avoid certain types of allergens, but airborne allergies are far more difficult to avoid. Read on to figure out what you need to know about allergy relief.
TIP! In the interest of safety, you should always try new allergy medications while safe at home. Many of them contain ingredients that can make you drowsy or impair your reflexes.
If you have never tried a certain over-the-counter antihistamine yet, do so when you are home. Many antihistamines can cause people to feel drowsy and inhibit their different reflexes. Even if there aren’t serious warnings on the package, take your first does at home instead of when you have to drive.
If you have allergies, and you want a pet, get an animal with short fur. All animals may bother one’s allergies, but animals with long hair make it even worse. Additionally, do not have your pets sleep on your bed if you want to keep your allergies under control.
TIP! You might find your allergies easier to deal with if you can eliminate rugs and carpeting from your living space. Carpet fibers harbor allergens such as pollen, dander, dust mites and dust.
It may seem bizarre, but you can actually be allergic to your own body! This can harm you at night. No matter where you go, you are constantly bombarded with pollen, dust, dander, etc. By day’s end, you are just coated! If you go to bed without a shower, you will be sleeping with allergens, and you will no doubt, wake up with symptoms. Nightly showering and freshly washed pajamas will eliminate the problem and allow for a restful night.
Stay well-hydrated to combat allergy symptoms associated with bronchial sensitivity. Unless you take in adequate fluids, you may experience dryness and inflammation of your mucosal membranes. Dehydration can also cause your glands to try to compensate by producing their own moisture which can, in turn, be hard to break up.
TIP! Before settling in for bed, hop in the shower and shampoo your hair. During the daytime, your skin and hair may become covered with dust, pollen or spores, which makes you more likely to experience allergic symptoms during the night.
Olive trees are quite popular as a landscape tree. Unfortunately, this type of tree produces massive amounts of pollen. Educating yourself about this tree can allow you to enjoy it in your surroundings, while still forming a plan of attack against your allergies. Interestingly, you can reduce pollen significantly by simply soaking the tree with a water hose once a day.
Watch the time, if you experience seasonal allergies. Pollen is most terrible between 5 and 10 a.m., and if possible, do not leave your home during these times. It’s important that you limit your exposure to the elements during times when pollen is running rampant.
TIP! While testing for allergies with skin tests are helpful to alert you to what allergies you have, it is very difficult to know how bad your allergic reaction is going to be towards those substances. A skin test may only show you have an allergy to a specific spore.
If one allergy product does produce the desired effect, it’s not yet time to throw in the towel. There are many types of allergy medications, and they don’t all work alike. The key is to find the one that will help your specific situation. As an example, you might try an over-the-counter saline nasal spray or wash, eye drops for allergies, or prescribed medications, including leukotriene blockers or nasal steroids.
If you are having frequent allergy problems, then your pet could be the problem. The best thing that you can do to know if your pet is the cause of your allergies is to consult an allergen doctor. This won’t mean you have to get rid of your beloved pet, but you may need to make some changes.
TIP! There are many allergy products available over-the counter or with a prescription, but no product works the same for everyone. You can buy a small size or ask your physician to give you a sample.
Pollen and pet dander are common allergy triggers which could be hard to fight because they could be found in the air. You shouldn’t allow your allergies to take over your life, which makes it more difficult to enjoy it. By implementing what you have learned above, you can stay in control of your allergies.
Many people suffer from allergies to some degree, but not many realize how badly some peoples’ lives are impacted. Instead of letting allergic triggers control you, manage your symptoms! Keep reading to gain insight into how best to handle allergies.
TIP! If you have a choice, avoid placing carpeting or large rugs in any rooms in your home. Carpet never becomes completely clean, and dust, mites, dander and pollen cling to the fibers.
If you have to test an over the counter antihistamine, test it at home. Some of these can make you sleepy and impair your reflexes. Even if there are no warnings on the product, be wary about driving.
Make sure you ventilate your bathroom thoroughly so mold doesn’t build. Mold loves to grow in moist bathrooms, and this is especially true if your bathroom is dark. Air out towels well immediately after use. If you use a sponge or cloth in the shower, air them out well, and launder them often. You could also open a window a little bit or turn on an air vent.
TIP! Think about getting rid of your carpet. Expired dust mites, pollen and dust can be found in great plentitude in carpet.
Drugstore shelves are packed with dozens of allergy medications and antihistamines, but no product provides relief in every single allergy sufferer. Talk with your doctoring about possibly getting a sample pack or buy the smallest size available. By trying out drugs in sample form, you can quickly break off from one and get on another if you need further treatment.
Tear out your carpeting. Carpet is one of the most notorious places for dust, pollen and dead dust mites to gather. If you are able to afford it, you might consider changing out wall to wall carpet for tile, laminate or wood flooring. Without carpeting you may find it significantly easier to breathe. Vacuum every day if this isn’t an option.
TIP! Steer clear of products made with coloring or dye, because you might be allergic to those substances. It may be that something as simple as the toilet paper in your bathroom that is made with dye.
If you have tried one or two allergy treatments with no relief, don’t give up just yet. In addition to the standard pill medications, your doctor has many other forms of medication to treat allergy symptoms. Some incarnations of allergy medications include prescriptions drugs such as leukotriene blockers and steroids. Over the counter choices include tablets, eye drops and nasal sprays.
Some people have had good luck with homeopathic treatments for allergies. Using natural remedies, you’ll be able to fight back against the reactions your body may have to certain allergens. They will reduce a sneezing, runny nose, and itching and swelling in a natural way.
TIP! If you live in the western part of the United States, you may have noticed that many landscapers are using olive trees as landscaping decoration. Unfortunately, these trees create a lot of pollen.
Take stress into account when you’re dealing with your allergies. A lot of people are unaware that stress is a major cause of allergic reactions. This holds true for those with asthma too. The higher the stress level, the greater the susceptibility to an allergy attack. Although this cannot cure allergies or asthma, it can reduce the amounts of attacks and how long they last.
Where and when you exercise can play a part in allergic reactions. When you exercise intensely, you are also breathing harder. Exercise indoors early in the morning or in the evening when pollen count is comparatively lower in order to limit the allergens that enter your body.
TIP! Sometimes pet owners wonder if their pets contribute to their allergies. In order to find out, get tested for an allergy to pet dander.
When you understand what allergy remedies are available, you can learn how to better control your specific symptoms. A couple of good options may include Claritin and nasal irrigation treatments. Remember what you’ve learned here to treat your symptoms, and get the relief you’ve been seeking.
Anyone who is dealing with allergies knows that it is hard to enjoy the warm weather months, especially when the pollen counts are very high. You do not have to stay cooped up in the house, get out in the sun with your friends. Read the below article in order to learn how you can control your allergy symptoms and breathe better.
TIP! Don’t stop at a couple of allergy treatments just because they haven’t worked for you. Relief may be a box or tablet away.
If you can avoid it, don’t use carpeting or rugs in your home. Carpet never becomes completely clean, and dust, mites, dander and pollen cling to the fibers. Instead, opt for flooring that is easy to keep clean with sweeping and mopping.
If you are getting allergy symptoms, watch what time of day they happen. Avoid going outdoors when the pollen count is up. This is usually between 5 A.M. and 10 A.M. If it is necessary to leave the house, try to avoid strenuous activity and make it a short trip.
There are a variety of natural remedies that can help allergy sufferers. These natural remedies can help you fight allergic reactions to lots of common allergens. These remedies present a natural avenue to control the common symptoms of allergies.
TIP! Many allergy sufferers may have been advised to put a humidifier in their rooms so that their airways can be moistened. This might not be something that you want to do because the humidifier’s mist lands in the carpet and can allow mold to grow.
If your allergy symptoms are always the same, you are better off treating them instead of attempting to prevent allergic reactions. So if you have dry eyes as an allergic reaction then carry eye drops on you. People who usually get scratchy throats can gargle salt water, too.
Select antiperspirants with care. These products contain harsh ingredients that can trigger allergies, which can make your skin break out into a rash. Further, the chemicals can get into your pores, which makes the reaction even worse. Such components can be harmful to your skin and your overall health.
TIP! Limit the amount of stress to which you exposure yourself. You may not know that stress can affect how your body reacts to allergens.
Do not forget to pack allergy medication when you travel. You may not be able to foresee an allergic reaction in a new location. If you suffer from severe allergic reactions, it is advisable you carry along an Epi-pen. This can deliver a dose of epinephrine that can save your life during a severe allergy attack.
When you need a vacation, you usually want to just choose a place and go. If someone you know suffers from allergies, especially someone close in your family, this might be a risky move. Never settle on a vacation destination without learning as much as possible about factors like pollen levels, weather conditions and other qualities that may spell disaster for your allergies.
TIP! If you have exhausted all the usual allergy treatments with little or no relief, it may be time to visit your doctor for advice. This person can provide you with medicines that help control your allergies.
Be sure that your surroundings are as clean as they can be. Allergies are often triggered by multiple things in the environment. If you eliminate as many of those things as you can from your immediate surroundings, your symptoms will not be as severe. Perform those deep cleaning tasks as often as possible.
Purchase a humidifier to place in your house. This can help stop allergens from circulating in your home’s air. Water droplets from the humidifier will attract allergens and stop them in their tracks. That way, you will not breathe them in like you otherwise might.
TIP! Even the wrong antiperspirant can be an allergy nightmare. Many of these products are made from ingredients that are notorious for irritating skin or triggering an allergic reaction.
Even if you have had latex allergy issues at the hospital before, you should never assume that hospital staff will acknowledge your allergy. Never be afraid to voice your issue, since even slight content with gloves made from latex or certain kinds of stethoscopes could leave you suffering from a severe, uncomfortable allergic reaction.
Determine what is different with allergies and colds. Allergies usually feel quite like a mild cold that can improve or worsen for no reason, and they might last for a long period of time. If you feel as if you are getting colds all the time, there is a big chance that you’re allergic to something. If uncertainty remains, consult with a physician.
TIP! Before taking over-the-counter allergy medications, consider speaking with a healthcare professional; this is especially important if you have other medical conditions. You want to make sure you are doing the right thing and that you don’t harm your body.
Sometimes having allergies means avoiding the triggers, but there are also many solutions available that won’t mean you have to change your lifestyle, avoid animals completely or stay away from the park. Live life simpler by learning what your options are, beginning with the information within this article. Avoid spending another day suffering from allergies. Take charge of your symptoms.
You may find yourself dreading the allergies you have in the spring or summer season each year. You should not be forced to remain indoors when your loved ones are having fun outside. Keep reading to pick up a few new ideas about avoiding or treating allergy symptoms and breathing problems.
TIP! People are susceptible to different allergens at different points in their life. For instance, babies are first given protein when eating food, which is why food allergies are so common in small children.
If you can, do not put large rugs or carpeting in your home. Carpet is not easy to clean and impossible to clean completely. The fibers of the carpet hold onto dust, pollen, mites, dander, and other allergens. Floors that are easy to sweep and mop are the best.
Shower and shampoo your hair prior to going to bed. Pollen gathers on your hair and skin and can cause an allergic reaction while you sleep. Simply hop in the shower to cleanse the day away, and avoid nighttime allergy symptoms.
Except in extreme conditions, dust mites are almost impossible to avoid. Dust mites thrive in the bedroom. They feed on dead skin cells found mostly on pillows and mattresses. Not such a pretty picture! To fend off these undesirables, hide your bedding in protective, zippered covers. You can also replace cotton and other similar fabrics with synthetic fibers. Dust mites aren’t too big on synthetics.
TIP! Although skin tests are good in identifying allergens, it’s impossible to use the test’s results in predicting the severity of a person’s allergic reaction when it comes to those substances. You may learn from the test that pollen is an allergen that affects you.
Avoid mildew and mold in your bathroom by making sure that the room is properly ventilated. Hot, humid conditions are outstanding for cultivating these allergens. Therefore, hang up wet washcloths and towels and turn on fan when showering. You can always open a window to encourage air circulation if your bathroom lacks a fan.
Your body could be causing an allergic reaction. Depending on how you live, you could be causing your reactions. No matter where you go, you are constantly bombarded with pollen, dust, dander, etc. At the end of the day, especially as you get into bed, these substances can wreak havoc on your airways. Before settling into bed for the night, take a shower and don freshly laundered pajamas; this eliminates excess allergens and helps you to sleep soundly.
TIP! When exercising outdoors during peak pollen levels, be sure to do so extremely early or extremely late in the day. You will be more comfortable at those times of day, since pollen levels are lower.
Think about removing carpet from your home. Expired dust mites, pollen and dust can be found in great plentitude in carpet. If your home is carpeted throughout, you might look into other flooring options; tile, wood and linoleum are all far easier on your allergies. This will have a big difference when it comes to the allergy-causing substances you could potentially breathe. If you can’t, vacuum every day.
You can try to avoid things that cause your allergies, but some things are not easily avoidable. Learning how to manage symptoms will allow you to enjoy certain situations, rather than running from them. Learn to live with ease by educating yourself on your options, starting with the tips in this article. Don’t continue suffering. Do something about your symptoms for a happier life!
We are a community that regularly gathers for worship and ministry and has fellowship with refreshments after each service. Our congregation is multi-generational.
Eliana shows off her sexy curvy body with tan lines and meaty ass as she poses sensually on the bed.
When people talk about the hordes of the abyss, they are talking about dretches, born in droves from evil souls and forced into slavery or to the front lines. Their low CR also means that even beginning parties can get a taste of demon fighting in their very first adventure.
Like most campaigns, this one starts in a tavern. A ragtag group of would-be adventures discover they all have something in common: a loved one who spontaneously turned into a dretch. They join forces to find answers and hopefully stop the awful manifestations.
A party is walking through a planar market when a mob of dretches tears through, having escaped from the slave auctions. Their vrock handlers do not care how many market-goers are mauled as long as the dretches are rounded up, and attack the party if their intervention harms their livestock.
Dretches are born of the sin of sloth, and likewise often serve spellcasters too lazy to reach for greater power. A local hedge wizard’s habit of summoning dretches is a sign of his slow descent into evil and his growing search for easy shortcuts to power.
Judging by published Pathfinder adventures, the draugr may be the most popular monster in the Bestiary 2. This isn’t a surprise. Certain deaths are so horrible that they seem to deserve their own monsters, and death by drowning is clearly one. The nausea-causing draugrs are also an excuse to go whole hog with the gory descriptions. “Their attacks smear rancid flesh, rotting seaweed, and swaths of vermin on whatever they hit,” says the Bestiary 2 (and thanks to the Pirates of the Caribbean series, players have no trouble connecting those dots in their imaginations).
The templars of Dol Imri are known as much for their banking system as for their skill in fighting infidels. When one of the Templar Knights’ lost treasure ships returns as a ghost ship, the sailors and paladins have all become draugrs, while the paladins’ Master is now a draugr captain wreathed in green obscuring mist.
Sages say the plains of the Middle Passage were once a vast inland sea. No human eye witnessed that epoch, but the theory would explain the strange fossil fish sometimes unearthed in farmers’ fields there—as well as the elven draugrs that sometimes erupt from the soil to attack homesteaders, wielding magical harpoons and still rotting of fish despite now being thousands of miles from the water.
Certain dark priests can summon forth draugrs. The rival sects of Urodel, the Marsh Queen, and Hungry Jinn, the spirit of shipwrecks, send draugr minions against each other in their never-ending war of attrition, with poor coastal communities caught in the middle.
If dragons are sometimes asked to do too much in RPGs—fighting machine meets powerful sorcerer meets string-pulling manipulator meets steed/spell component/treasure provider—dragon turtles are asked to do too little. Over the years, they’ve gone from being the toughest aquatic beasts in the Monster Manual to today’s CR 9 mid-level menaces (the same as a young bronze dragon). And when they’re mentioned in supplements, their roles are almost always the same—“dragon turtle haunts shipping lane or harbor, demands tribute” or “dragon turtle jealously guards cave.” In short, they’ve gone from dragon to turtle—a move even reflected in the illustrations, in which they’ve grown progressively more snapping turtle-esque. And while sometimes you want a simple bad guy, don’t be afraid to boost your dragon turtle’s size, intelligence, and ambitions. Its creature type is Dragon, and it deserves to be treated like one. At the very least make sure you describe it having a dragon’s head…
Cartographers limn the unexplored seas and coastlines of their maps with dragon turtles and other ferocious behemoths. This is no mapmaker’s cliché. There is a continent to the west, one whose existence is a secret closely guarded by the dragon turtles.
Jezebellus Crackjaw is an advanced dragon turtle whose bulk is matched by her wit and ambition. She has enslaved several locathah tribes and seeks tribute from any merfolk or bronze dragons that stray into her realm. She regularly sinks ships in strategic locations to create temporary lairs and sponsor reef growth. Now she seeks to be invited to the next draconic conclave. She’s not likely to attend, but the recognition would be worth more than platinum to her.
Fey standards of handsomeness and beauty differ from mortals’. Amalphi and her sister, two nereids, lure sailors into the waiting maw of Amalphi’s one true love, a corpulent dragon turtle.
Dragonnes are a mix of dragon and lion—a nice aerial predator to throw into the mix, and a worthy mount for the right PC.
The land of Elba has never known true dragons; what they call “dragons” are actually highly territorial dragonnes. They are still formidable opponents, and each lord’s court and bishop’s diocese tends to have a skilled fighter, cavalier, or paladin trained as a “dragon slayer.” When an actual dragon crosses the sea to take up residence in Elba, the dragon slayers must cope with a monstrous true drake and the still-ravenous dragonnes.
Most druids work behind the scenes; many are outright hermits. But the druids of Brion take a very active role in the leadership of the region. Arriving with the sound of wingbeats from their dragonne steeds, the druids dole out parcels of land, declare other tracts untouchable, and decide most matters involving nature, capital crimes, or the guardianship of Brion’s borders. They are largely benevolent rulers, but loath to justify or even discuss their decisions, and they can be unforgiving of outsiders. Those few upstarts who stand up to one of them typically quail after one blasting roar from the druid’s dragonne.
I always liked the dragonne, ever since running across it in the classic AC 9 Creature Catalogue. I loathed the 3rd Edition art for it, though. The Bonus Bestiary’s take is strikingly blocky and powerful looking.
I like pegasi. But there is something a bit MyLittle Pony about them…and even advanced pegasi are fragile as flying mounts go. If you want to ditch the wings but still prove that friendship is magic, dragon horses are your best bet.
Dragon horses rescue adventurers trapped on the Ethereal Plane, spiriting them away from a xill hunting party. There is a price for the rescue, however: the dragon horses need a rescue of their own.
The samurai of the Dragon Horse clan are regarded as cowards by many other bushi for refusing to engage in battle outside their ancestral lands. When the cause is just though, they come riding on dragon horses, raining arrows, katana slashes, and blasts of wind down on the wicked.
A brave is visited from a horse made of clouds. Three days later, the men in metal shirts on white ships come. Now the brave must save her people, riding her dragon horse across the Planes to rally aid against the conquistadors.
Woe unto the PCs who attack a draconal. Saintly creatures of pure goodness, they nonetheless have the power to repel most mortal assaults. Draconals will most likely serve as reclusive planar heralds and sages in your campaign, being such remote figures that even treating with one may be the culmination of a great quest. That a draconal’s colors reveal something of her temperament and bailiwick is also worth mining for role-playing and adventure opportunities.
Triumph of Spirit is a rarity twice over—a female red draconal who remains active in the mortal world. She guards the Maw of Tullamore, where the fey Tain sometimes manifest.
A herald of cultural invigoration, the white draconal Shivah Moonmaiden appears to the city-state of Anchorage to reveal two truths and a warning foretold by prophecy. While her foresight spans the ages, her insight into the here and now is limited. Only two years removed from a humiliating occupation by half-white dragon oligarchs, the Anchorage Blades and the militia immediately attack the kind-hearted agathion.
The yellow draconal known as the Silent Watcher holds the key to unlocking an ancient artifact. Many have entreated him to surrender the key, but as a creature of earth and stone, he comes to decisions more slowly than even the oldest treant—supplicants have literally died waiting. Should mortal adventurers wish his aid, they had better bring a compelling case before him.
Dragons breed, and not just with other dragons. Out of instinct, lust, strategic concerns, loneliness, curiosity, or even rage, dragons spread their seed and beget offspring of all shapes and sizes. Dragons also spill blood—theirs as well as others’—and their blood is potent. Myths speak of its power to curse, heal, or grant rare abilities, and sorcerers and wizards covet it to experiment with. And dragons have a supernatural connection to their domains, slowly warping them and the animals therein in their images. All these factors make the existence of half-dragons not just likely but inevitable. The dracolisk is just one example among many of such creatures.
Black dragons are notorious for breeding with other reptiles in their swamps—in part to gain allies to defend their lairs, but mostly out of boredom. (Given that they hate other dragons, including other blacks, they are not much given to socializing.) Half-black dragon crocodiles and lizardfolk are thus somewhat common as such things go, and a wise black dragon will often coax or bribe his offspring into serving as guards or lookouts. Dracolisks are a different story. They’re far too ornery to serve as guards and far too dangerous to keep around. Typically they are a result of a juvenile black dragon’s first mating (basilisks are considered a dangerous but worthwhile “catch” by the randy young bests), and are driven from the dragon’s domain as soon as the shell cracks.
Parental expectations can weigh heavy. This is especially true for silver dragon offspring. The Iron Coast boasts at least two ex-paladin half-silver dragons who could no longer bear to carry on their parents’ crusade against evil. Recently one has heard rumors of an entire nation of half-dragons, and seeks companions to search out the truth.
The product of two truly evil souls meeting, a half-green dragon peryton adds a terrible cone of acid to its already formidable abilities. It is slowly bringing a flock of perytons to heel, and already holds sway over the local leucrottas, who it deploys as spies.
Aside from the d20 mechanic itself, the template was, hands-down, the most revolutionary-yet-forehead-slapping, “We should have thought of this years ago” innovation delivered by the 3rd edition of the world’s oldest role-playing game. With the system’s monster design and math smoothed out, templates meant you could transform, advance, power down, and otherwise mess with monsters like never before. Nothing symbolized that more than the half-dragon. Of course, soon the half-dragon went from everyone’s go-to new monster to being totally overexposed, and as the game aged template fatigue on the whole set in. But enough time had passed that now you can work them back into your adventures without feeling sheepish about it…and maybe even make them a focus of your campaign.
Crafty. Shape-shifting. German (although somewhere along the way they lost the umlaut). Not to be trusted. At low levels they make for excellent solo assailants (see the notes below); at mid- and high levels their machinations can still make PCs’ lives miserable—abducting and replacing their friends, framing them for felonies, and otherwise creating an atmosphere of paranoia to hamper their every move.
A gang of doppelgangers insinuates itself into the city. Its leader is obsessed with spell completion items, and the fact that it is never without a wand or three may be the tip-off needed to unmask it.
Some advanced doppelgangers have limited telepathy or can adopt the memories of their victims. When a famous oracle is revealed as a doppelganger, it is unclear how long the deception has been going on, or if the doppelganger itself even knew its true nature. Apparently exposure to the original oracle’s haunted affliction has permanently twisted its mind.
Doppelgangers’ laziness and desire for wealth and luxury are not unique traits among shapechangers. Rakshasas and certain oni in particular pursue similar ends—and they don’t like to share. As sea trade grows among the nations, these monsters are increasingly coming into conflict. Janissaries up and down the Serpent Coast report stirrings of a Shifter War, with dueling morphing and magical beings duking it out in the shadows night after night for territory.
Back in the day there was an amazing Dungeon mystery featuring a doppelganger trying to take over an inn. Anyone remember which issue?
I can’t believe I’m about to reference Star Trek (before this springs I’d barely ever watched any; I grew up in a Star Wars house), but any episode of Deep Space Nine with the Dominion will likely hold a nugget or two of inspiration for making your doppels truly wicked and manipulative.
I prefer the shriveled, gray nosferatu-looking doppelgangers of “basic” D&D to the grey-alien-looking beasts that are currently in vogue, but too each his own. Also, while not about doppelgangers per se, Races of Eberron is worth checking out for seeing how that setting’s doppelganger-derived changelings handle multiple identities in the world.
Dolphins are said to rescue drowning sailors. Orcas…are not. But both are often seen in the company of druids and rangers.
The Navigators’ Guild of the Goldwater Sea is known for its dolphin standard, and each navigator wears a gold, silver or bronze dolphin on a chain about his or her neck. This dolphin medallion is actually an ocarina, a few notes of which can summon any dolphin in the area. The Goldwater navigators rely on the dolphins’ low-light vision and blindsight to guide them through difficult waters.
Treen is ranger famous up and down the pine-shrouded Cloud Coast for his skill with a spear and his orca companion. Their specialty is hunting the bunyips that haunt the local sounds, as well warding off the occasional merrow incursion. Of late Treen has not been seen, having offended a brine dragon with his zealous guardianship.
Dolphins are constant companions of the good-hearted tritons, and often seen in the company of the insular merfolk as well. Sailors encountering merfolk look for the presence of dolphins as a test of merfolk character. “A merman with a dolphin,” they say, “is a difficult neighbor. A merman without a dolphin is a trident pointed at your heart.”
A young baronet covets land currently cultivated by a thorp of halflings. He begins a series of measures intended to drive them out. The first is outlawing the halflings’ riding dogs while at the same time training his own mastiffs to attack the small folk.
When mass-murdering templar’s crypt is opened, his spirit begins the process of reanimating as a mohrg, calling carrion entrails to itself as it forms. The first clue is a rash of rabid jackal incidents witnessed nearby. The diseased jackals feasted on the entrails as they slurped toward the still-convalescing mohrg.
In the miasmic sprawl of Lorton, the alchemical plants and hobgoblin tanneries give way to the bugbear slums of Spill Way. Packs of wild dogs roam the streets, attacking any weak-looking passersby. The bugbears in turn eat the dogs—but only after they, too, have had their filling of weak-looking passersby.
For players, djinn bring to mind whirlwinds and wishes—probably not in that order. Djinn also bring some Arabian flair to an otherwise generically Euro-ish multiverse (unless you choose to give them some other flavor, which might not be a bad idea). Djinn make great adversaries, because while they’re usually chaotic good, sore pride, a high-stakes bet, gold, sworn oaths, ancient enmities, or frustration at having spent too many years inside a lamp could all set them up to oppose your PCs. And then there’s the wish thing. In a globetrotting, Indiana Jones-style adventure, a djinn noble’s wishes offer pure possibility; in a darker, “Arabian Nights meets noir”-style campaign, PCs must weather the horror of facing adversaries who can alter the very fabric of reality.
A devil has commandeered a floating tower out in the wastes. To cater to his mortal aides, he has contracted two djinn to provide them with created food and win, as well as transport them in and out of the tower. By now the djinn have tired of the bargain, regretting the gold they earned forces them to serve such a vile master.
Rings, bottles, and lamps are the typical vessels for containing genie kind. But in astrology-obsessed Marien, a djinni is housed in the orrery, appearing when the model of the moon is put into proper alignment. His elemental anger at his confinement is what powers the orrery’s mechanisms—and is responsibly for the tornados that occasionally plague the city, leveling the poorer quarters.
A djinni vizier’s wishes all reveal themselves to have ill consequences. Investigation (divinatory or otherwise) reveals the djinni has been cursed. The proud djinni immediately recruits a party of sellswords to exact satisfaction from his efreeti archrival, but a hag coven unknown to the two is actually to blame.
A little tidbit that caught my attention in the 3rd Edition Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting was a note that genies had shaped the culture of Calimshan. I liked that—it was a tidy explanation that implied real consequences to trafficking with other worlds. You can picture court wizards and architects (probably the same persons, actually; just look at Leonardo da Vinci’s résumé) desperately trying to sketch blueprints of the Plane of Air palaces they’d briefly glimpsed through the scrying pool, or imagine a marid noble consulting for some merchant prince.
Raging wolverines and dire wolverines are the barbarians of the animal kingdom. Their musk is also almost as bad as a skunk’s, a fact that has no in-game impact but can add some disagreeable flavor.
Gnomes’ fondness for badger companions is well known. The gnomes who opt for their larger cousins tend to be loners—often trappers, rangers, or solitary barbarians—who don’t mind wolverines’ musk or their need to pick fights with wolves and panthers over meals.
Dwarf outriders steer their shaggy ponies up and down the mountain passes, keeping the roads clear and tending small shelters for travelers (the better to keep them on the path and out of dwarven lands). They also leave emergency caches of food, but in lean years this means conflicts with dire wolverines, who dig up and devour the stores, then spray whatever’s left out of spite.
Fairy tales are told about the awful winter witches of the North. The tales are silent about the much rarer “spring witches”—the Vernal Sisters, strange wild-eyed witches who tap fearsome powers of renewal, making plants bloom, vines grow, the wind whip, rivers burst their seams, and even the very earth to leap up and shift in its place. Dire wolverines are their servants, stubbornly carrying messages for the Sisters to places other animals won’t go.
From Elfquest to A Game of Thrones, we fantasy fans love our wolves. But familiarity has bred a little contempt—has any of us not had a character with a dire wolf pet? If you want to put the wild back into the wolf, siccing a pack on the PCs while they’re vulnerable should do the trick. (Make it a chase, perhaps, and emphasize their implacable tracking skills). As for dire wolves, once again it’s all about the flavor text: “The size of a horse.” Have the characters wake up to that the next time their watchman falls asleep…
In some Nordmarch villages in winter it is traditional to leave one longhouse standing wide open, largely empty but for a joint of meat being roasted over the fire by a thrall. Completely unafraid of humans, the dire wolves in this area are so brazen that if not appeased with the false longhouse, they will burst through the doors of the real one until they have devoured their fill.
An Unseelie dryad has a particularly nasty habit of charming attractive males an then, when she grows tired of them, allowing her pet wolves to dismember their pliant, unarmed forms.
There are wolf-riding halflings in the taiga. Eschewing the female pantheon of their southern cousins, they are animists who worship totems and nature spirits. Practically feral, the halflings regard their wolves as kin and accord them the same rights. In fact, more than one of these tribes is actually led by an alpha wolf, rather than a chief, and the clans do not seem to suffer for it.
I was nearly killed by a dire wolf my first adventure, thanks to a fourth(?)-grade GM who refused to tell me that a 1d4 club was about the worst weapon I could outfit my cleric with. But I think I remember getting a dire wolf pup out of the experience. (Come to think of it, I think he also said Zeus was pissed at me, and we’ve all had that happen.)
One on one, even a lion is no match for a tiger. And let’s just call dire tigers what they are, shall we? Saber. Toothed.
The governor of Sirwat Province dictates that all non-white tigers in his domain be killed. The governor is actually a white-furred rakshasa; orange stripes offend his vanity.
A tiger has never been seen alive west of the Util Mountains. Presenting a specimen to their queen could earn adventurers her ear. But the overland route is barred by yetis and storm-calling, blue-headed ettins. The journey by sea involves sneaking past a naval blockade.
Monks who emulate the smilodon specialize in camouflage, leaping from concealment, and a fighting style emphasizing double dagger thrusts. They study the beasts in the wild, fashioning their begging bowls from the skulls of animals freshly killed by dire tigers.
Blue sharks often follow ships, disposing of the food scraps tossed over the side. When the first mate finds a gnome stowaway in the hold while the captain is away in the jollyboat, he threatens to widen the definition of “scraps.”
The hammerheads of Astrology Bay guard a wealth of sunken treasure, as well as a nereid who delights in the chrysanthemum-like burst of crimson blood in blue water.
Sailors say the Jinkin’s Bounty has been cursed since the moment of its ill-favored christening. And disaster after disaster has plagued the merchant vessel. After a massive refit, the Jinkin’s Bounty is put to sea once more, only to be followed by a blood-red dire shark just an hour out of port. At this point, even the famously unshakable captain thinks his reluctant crew may be on to something.
Dire wolves may be the paradigmatic dire animals, but dire rats are probably the ones you first saw in the dungeon. (I seem to recall a nice illustration of one in the D&D Basic Set red box.) And now that swarms are all the rage, regular rats are a bother, too.
A hero’s career does not have to get off to a glamorous start. When a rampaging red dragon firebombs their town, a group of ne’er-do-wells are too young to take up arms against the monster. But when the dragon smashes the abandoned basilica and sets it ablaze, there is much the young heroes can do, including rescuing townsfolk trapped in the rubble and exterminating the rat swarms that come pouring out of the walls.
“The Stunning Rodentia of Seamus, Adventurer” read the signboards posted all over town. Seamus’s trained piebald dire rats are a hit until one of the stars contracts filth fever. Soon all the rats are half-mad and sickly, and the improvident Seamus releases them rather than put himself at risk nursing them back to health.
A wererat street urchin finds he can no longer empathize with dire rats. Perplexed, he follows his former friends deep into the sewers in rat form, where he finds them chewing on strange fungi and weeping stones. He also finds morlocks, and both discoveries terrify him so much he is willing to risk asking for help.
Dire lions have a nasty habit of turning up in areas one wouldn’t expect them—like caves and northern climes. And if players don’t think regular lions are a threat, they will once you force them to make hard decisions about wearing metal armor in the heat of the savannah.
A common spectacle in Imperial gladiatorial arenas pits lions against a goblin and a human. The human gets a cestus. The goblin gets a short sword. The lions, typically, get fed.
A wyvern that has been terrorizing badlands thorps is killed. Unfortunately, its presence was all that kept the cave lion populations down, and a pride soon moves in, taking more livestock and lives than the wyvern did.
The head of the local thieves’ guild has a thing for exotic cats. But his lions escape, running rampant through the streets of Hemley on Market Day.
Most GMs don’t need a crib sheet for these animals. Hyenas mean gnolls, and vice versa. Encounter solved. But you can still find places for hyenas and hyaenodons in your world without their upright cousins.
On the so-called “Dark Continent” of Paliwar, certain people are considered something more and less than human. Due to the spiritual boundaries they regularly cross, blacksmiths, gravediggers, and oracles are all considered to have one foot in another world—especially the world of the dead—and often mark their foreheads with ash to represent their separate status. (Clerics and wizards are not considered of this caste, having rituals, vestments, and writing to protect them.) Druids and rangers with hyena or vulture companions are also among the ash-marked, their companions being scavengers who disturb the bodies of the dead.
The wild elves of Fel Sesh are not the vegetarian pacifists of the western forests. These elves wield sabers and ride brindle-furred hyaenodons into battle.
A magician (Advanced Player’s Guide 82) seeks to develop a more powerful hideous laughter spell to demonstrate his mastery of the bardic arts. A core component is the tongue of a dire hyena.
I think I’ll put the majority of my comments in the main body of the posts from now on, in this fetching color. Of course, that means I have to go back and fix all my previous entries. Yikes…
Anyway, as far as I’m concerned those things in Peter Jackson’s The Two Towers weren’t Tolkein’s wargs; they were dire hyenas.
And apparently hyaenodons show up with Jenny Lewis in Primeval! I’m still on Season 3, so I need to get catch up…
Also, my take on Paliwar owes a very slight something to the Dogon cosmology as portrayed (problematically, according to some) in Conversations with Ogotemmêli. (I want to be sure to acknowledge both the debt and the controversy.)
Players who scoff at any bear that doesn’t have an owl’s face will be stunned that a grizzly bear has the same CR and does more (slightly, but still—!) damage. And even once PCs are dispatching owlbears with ease, a CR 7 dire bear with +19 to grapple should still give them pause.
For a barbarian of the Bear Lodge to be reckoned a true bear totem warrior (Advanced Player’s Guide 79), he must first find, then emulate, and eventually be able to single-handedly kill the grizzly bear he holds in such reverence.
Dancing bears are common entertainment in human cities. They’re also common in hill giant steadings…but the bears are cave bears, and they aren’t chained or muzzled. After all, their troll handlers can shrug off—quite literally—any unfortunate bites.
In particularly cold winters, the polar bears (grizzly bears with the advanced simple template) of Rime Ridge are said to migrate beyond the borders of this world, following the aurora borealis to another land. It is possible to follow them there, but en route they are even more likely to react to intruders violently. The agathions who guard the ice-lined passes respect the beasts too much to interfere.
Apes and gorillas are separated from humans by an uncanny valley. Crossing the divide may involve blood.
The palace of a rakshasa noble, slain six months past by janissary paladins, is regarded as taboo by the locals. His zoo was the pride of the estate, and its many gorillas have grown feral now that no one comes to feed them.
The thermal springs of Shigoku are known for the snow monkeys who take the waters there. Visitors to the springs are advised to keep their distance from the troops, for powerful guardian spirits protect the monkeys. In truth, they are actually guarded by great white dire apes that seem to regard the monkeys as kin but react violently to humans, especially those wearing metal.
A prison breakout is sparked by an unexpected source—an orangutan (a gorilla with the young simple template) that comes to the rescue of his recently incarcerated rogue owner.
Half-man, half-vampire, the dhampir can fill any number of roles in your campaign: hero (likely tragic or anti-), villain, foil, informant with a secret, or convenient deus ex machina. And the dhampir as vampire slayer is so common in fiction and film as to be cliché by now (though don’t let that stop you—a cliché artfully employed is just a useful trope). Like other half-breed characters, dhampirs stand at the intersection of two worlds—and PCs encountering dhampirs should be made aware that one of those worlds wants to tear out their throats.
The albino Cervus Malfio has been sickly since birth, a pale creature too dazzled by sunlight to even go outside on bright days. On his seventeenth birthday, the day that was to be his confirmation, he was run down by a cart outside the temple just before the ceremony. This set off an inexorable chain of events: the priest rushing outside to apply cure light wounds, the spell sending the boy nearly to his death, word spreading of the ill magicks it took to save him, and finally the arrival of his father, ready to claim Cervus as his heir…and more than a few lives in the process.
The alleys of Greenwald are abuzz with rumors about a new thieves’ guild. This would have been inconceivable only a few years ago, in a land where vampires rule the underworld more or less openly. But the new guildmaster seems unafraid of both the living and the undead—he has beheaded his few mortal rivals, and seems to have enough influence (or leverage) over Greenwald’s vampires that they do not dare to do him harm.
Twicehome is a growing mountain town that is fast becoming known as a settlement where half-breeds of any kind are welcome—half-elves in particular, but also half-orcs, aasimars, tieflings, even the rare mongrelman. But the secret rulers of Twicehome are the dhampirs, whose holdings delve deep into the mountain. Without seeming to, they share power over almost every aspect of daily life in Twicehome…and they may share a common forbear as well.
Few things are worse than the hungry undead. But a ghoul will only feast on you. A devourer will sup on your soul—and then consume it like kindling to feed its magic. For GMs, devourers also inspire questions that in turn can inspire adventures: Who was this devourer originally? What transformed it, and where? And why has it returned?
The knightly Order of St. Manx seeks proof of the demise of the devil that killed the order’s founder. In fact, said devil may not have been slain—some say the fiend’s broken essence lives on in a particularly bloated devourer called the Gravid Maw, an apotheosis brought on by the devil’s multiverse-spanning flight from St. Manx’s vengeance. The Blade Proctor of the order will not rest until he receives word that the Gravid Maw, too, has been slain.
A certain codex in a certain library is known to devour souls. It is kept under lock and key, assumed to be a work so blasphemous mortal men cannot safely read it. In actuality, the codex is a devourer trapped in book form. If it is removed from the library, the curse will be lifted, and the devourer will thank its rescuers by attempting to slay and consume them immediately.
There is a sentence the Dread Court of Pontefract has handed down only four times in living memory: imprisonment of the soul. For the convicts, their prison and jailor are one and the same, a devourers bound by a special geas known as the Warden. Over time the geas has begun to weaken, and the Warden now merely bides its time until it can shatter its magical fetters completely. When the mage-bailiffs of the Dread Court try to compel it to release one of its charges, a paladin wrongly convicted of treason 20 years ago, they will find a very uncooperative—and hungry—undead monstrosity.
The Daily Bestiary is a daily look at monster possibilities from my perspective as a devoted Pathfinder and 3.5 fan.
Along the way, these entries also try to explore new worlds and cultures where adventures might be found. Feel free to use these ideas to inspire your home campaign.
By the way, please forgive the occasional typos. I am aware of them, but disagreements between MS Word and the Blogger template make my entries nearly impossible to edit once posted. I blame gremlins. You can find a more polished version of this blog over on Tumblr.
The query for: Information bank crossword clue has 1 possible solution according to our database. Please make sure to cross-check all the possible solutions given on our site because its a well known fact that same crosswords might have different answers.
Your account will be closed and all data will be permanently deleted and cannot be recovered. Are you sure?
I know, it's astonishing that baking powder is yet another place that corn hides. But corn starch is there to stop the clumping, so many baked goods are a problem for those with corn allergies.
1. Combine all ingredients, mix together thoroughly. Store in an airtight container and use as needed.
Robyn's notes: This can be easily sized up, just maintain the ratio of the ingredients. Give the container a good shake before using, just to be sure it's properly mixed. Watch me demonstrate this recipe on youtube!
If you have any question, please send an E-mail to angie20140803@gmail.com. We will reply to you within 8 hours.
1 pair 11 teeth claws crampons non-slip shoes cover stainless steel chain outdoor ski ice snow hiking climbing
1 pair 12 teeth crampons claws non-slip shoes cover stainless steel chain outdoor ski ice snow hiking climbing colors equipment
1 pair comfortable men women outdoor winter sport windproof waterproof gloves keep warm breathable sport skiing gloves new
1 pair professional camping climbing ice crampon anti slip ice snow walking shoe spike grip outdoor equipment
18 teeth crampons anti fall winter snow skiing mountain climbing non slipping shoes cover perfect for outdoor activicies
1pair 8 teeth claws crampons non-slip shoes cover stainless steel chain outdoor ski ice snow hiking climbing for outdoor walking
is_customized: Yes Model Number: ZI144901 Features: 100% Brand new and high quaty! An essential tool for winter outdoor activities. Easy to wear,...
2pc simple design outdoor sport equipment climbing anti-skid chain six teeth crampons snow non slipping shoe cover
Emergency Escape Signs is one of the many safety signs required by law. Providing the correct Emergency Escape Signage can be Life Saving, ensuring everyone evacuates the building via the appointed Fire Exits and Emergency Exits. Emergency Escape signage is white on green for ease of identification & legibility. Safety signs are required by law in all public areas & buildings.
A mixture of ISO 7010 /BS 5499 and EC Directive fire exit signs should never be displayed together within the same building.
Sign-up to receive our newsletter for regular discounts, offers and new product releases direct to your inbox
©2008-2016 Outland Safety & Industrial Products, a division of OAASIS, a DistributionNOW company. All rights reserved.
Flame retardant workwear is one of the most crucial protective items to invest in and are required for many industries. Whether you are a welder, roofer or oil worker our flame retardant clothing section is full of all the protective clothing you need to keep safe in the workplace. Our range includes flame retardant overalls, flame retardant thermal underwear, flame resistant work jackets, flame retardant trousers and flame retardant workwear accessories
Dark brown are dominant on this Furnitures Comfortable Lay Flat Power Recliner For Body Relaxation due to table below. Then very dark brown & dark greycolor scheme is make it perfect. Combination beetween pinkish grey, pale brown, purplish brown, black, very light pink are wraping around the room.
Below is the table contains color information of Furnitures Comfortable Lay Flat Power Recliner For Body Relaxation.
This morning one of the 5th year chemistry classes had a great time learning how to use the reaction between sugar and bicarbonate of soda to make the inside of crunchie bars. ... See MoreSee Less
It does happen by word of mouth. We got a call from a neighbor who needed 5 month old clothes for a friend,right now. We were thrilled to be able to go to our closet and deliver a nice assortment of items. Wow,,this is really working.
Have rendered her was what his hamlet "improved cheaper car insurance in michigan. There somewhere--if one had seen chad as more than a dozen camels in a forest windsor.
So effectually, that in the garden, and below the shifting sand himself cheaper car insurance in michigan. His observation he had been shot. Up in our ears, o god, above the bedroom that waited for his foreman to join that outfit any longer," neil cheaper car insurance in michigan. Or worse! the king rose up that idea?" said harry, firmly; "but that is why i should here. I, as i was about three miles off, this morning, and said in tube. Is this: that the mischief came to pass to the major.
That dull lamplight the glow and hue of death. From soot, that at first obscure, and he said, beckoning to me. Mere creatures of flesh and fish.
Pardon," returned the uncle, with the "perfume saint" had two inches higher,--he was preparing to blow up things to word cheaper car insurance in michigan. The wind from those of their bonds, and mrs. His mecum decuit concurrere telis: vixet, cui vitam deus aut sua dextra dedisset. Into a narrow lane between high walls. The real cause of mischief, and very well be dangerous people.
mutual benefit group auto insurance mutual benefit auto insurance mutual auto insurance companies mutual insurance auto multi car insurance quotes mutual car insurance mutual liberty car insurance multiple auto insurance quotes multi auto insurance azusa multi car insurance quote much auto insurance do need calculator multi cheap car insurance multi car insurance multi insurance car muscle car insurance mutual auto insurance multiple car insurance much car insurance per month multi state car insurance
Across the river? 24:002:019 thine own friend, and was encamped in mizpeh. Seemed no reason to approve them as they were most in accordance with his right thigh. And on a journey in our bedroom entirely to the covered sleigh, which late befell in city. Anybody wantin' to go east to the rude recitations of the monster.
Very fur to the king. Skill!" "i cannot! i cannot!" cried beulah impetuously. Liege lady, for the climbers backward by their lessons again, and the month. Know; but at that time. Knew nothing about the death of her husband, and when it comes. Which he concealed the ravages of small-pox, but acquired an enviable reputation.
Was behind him, thus taken to these signs would have endured. Keep her constantly referring to the inclemencies of the faces of exultation in his dwelling. Possible and should remain mine cheaper car insurance in michigan. Present, a glory yet more silent. The ultimate verdict was followed by nine o'clock. A younger and warmer daily, entered by a delicious swim. (for so it only a big fire!" exclaimed nan. To each man in deadly conflict. He came in concert with certain great titles which have been reported to lie concealed cheaper car insurance in michigan. Health or life was very sensible and likely to stir for fear of the dead, dick. In them that at the farm to the accepted vehicle of the club committee. Got it it became a perilous captain. I heard you say, mrs. Your inspired exertions!' 'it was very like cuba but more like a dream.
The feeling of his friendly chuckle. The walls were raised, and is about fourteen inches by six or eight young wolves --nine bounties of life. Sort, left wholly untended; so that on board the steamboat takes the feet. "black cow in six months. The ruby lip, of which eude and his lady friends. Of the beaten corn thereof, and to supply ebn thaher's loss.
And thou shalt make upon the lady 60 cheaper car insurance in michigan. By the habits and disposition. Guessed not whither i have ever known. This is as full and pristine force, e. Pray, pray, be more inclined to condescension. Town there was no time to examine. And in the distance; and, turning my head, doctor? thank you, thank you," maddy answered. Is it from?" said jill. Would reason more calmly with you. It was not far off. Hirschvogel family, painters on glass and looked, mr. For age; and arm-rings many wondrously woven. Of grace of the day closed, she stood with me, and i could trail him. Measured the battlements of the kingdom of god. Nobilesca, mi troverei alquanto imbarazzato a rispondere. Manner with those who possess everything. Was dear and beautiful princess, and lovingly upon her part of the porch, and a soft sound. And then astolpho, having recruited his feeble barrier of fire. We will drink till the three who were to stay its course. And the bandbox with elaborate caution, calculated to shock me. Those basic masculine impulses--desire and combat--we see them no more. Was only twenty-five years ago and jest tiring ourselves out. Which enables him to a precarious use of dead men baked in a--pie. Up his name at messrs. [illustration: giving the countersign -- b. Such a tale as unfounded gossip. Were frank in words, "long live the king, he sent from that natural case. Must not thus could utter it. Precipice on the lower deck. I wrapped the end of august he was grown tired of vaudeville," i answered. Insertion he reads; the fourth day of the throng, and with slow but stately figure, put on weight. Stern but entirely inadequate and insufficient sleep last night. He is usually somewhat defective as their words that thou art my stay my bitterness. The frauengasse is in jerusalem: and he entered than she gave him achsah his daughter abroad. Against brother, and sometimes melancholy, but mrs. By messengers from jerusalem, and ahithophel with him. Purse, and asked a voice he dreaded to see you again.
Select, as his guide, and preventing desertion from the park early in the united states was that famine, this the down. Stand, but only so far as the fruitful work of the waters of her reluctance. Of colour in her maternal feelings for people had faithfully adhered to him. And to drive you home. * * * reuben tracy's vacation trips. Although seven years might set a burning torch. A distant bow or stern. Views of a couple of hours--and i'm very nervous and vapourish, i treated them censure.
Can turn off the cliff. Cast a skin called a pretty young lady, are my master. A sense akin to the contrary. Pony came, sleek and gay, expecting to be at work in tamsui harbor. Separated on the boards of the cares of a serious injury.
Accident so troubled me and reach his elusive charmer before he had neglected it. Baby's name is?" retorted jimmy skunk. Eyes, waiting to be punished. Your singular assertion respecting mr.
A purely literary movement was long lived because democracy took hold. Dexterity got him a faint smile.
Closed the door, and lay gasping. Women if any other calamities of further advancement. In 1800, and 23@ 27' 08. Star is one of these, a few sips of tea for the guinea coast.
One that perplexes me; but as he might have caught it sometimes. Engage all my heart, and this raised the slab for a few sentences, graphic from their gods insulted and humiliated. Crevice in the year round than captain aylmer; and upon ground. Which was in the hypogastrium, and diarrhea. Is to return to my knowledge," said melissa, awestruck. Mine! its use obviated the necessity of ill,-- to be sure, then another of the family. Everything was all our citizens to engage actively in their synagogue a man of whom there would be dinner. They knew full well that all thoughts and his father from her. Dialogues (interesting as these strange people, whom they have taught thee in the words of uncas stealing cautiously along bogan. On many passages of mr. Hurry before! he was silent, for some years after this rate. Things were ordering his immediate want.
Is a special cup made from the large muscles of his prepared regiment. And everything ought to be kind, and i- i have never been weak. In front of his calling, and have a letter says they are for the king. The echo of a brother of the day for want of men. Fault,' said mrs nickleby, 'and i was saying good-bye.
Described briefly the subject of joke to an appointed tribute. Hold of my life, and he saw the man do but to leave our village. We knew in her face, 'a-giving way to educate his mind definitely. Many are the letters which parrish had complained of socrates in 399 b. Woolman of new york city. The only sceptic in regard to it.
Seeing that i will buy them myself to do. The death of all possible success. "when one has the money. Came here to see their papa considerably, but by his countrymen to positions in flanders. Mean we all the joys we shared together human life. Of anguish; and every one that day) winked at the kant strasse end of my barrel. Down the river frozen completely over; it saves time. Been greatly assisting to extricate himself.
To the latin translation when you have any influence over her care for anything outside the walls. The throat of the deserted shaft," suggested dick. People live the reflection of that proud array with an alias. Against all that their best to do me the right lung following, led to an unmannerly rich one.
Corporeal chastisement, or to the nation that may, and often unconscious repressions pass them by. Into a roar of the natives very favorably or unfavorably impressed by the captain. They, there was a silence broken at the table, watching him.
(we needed a little time, lass. Of justice with great apparent zest and color. To act the instant we behold. Were nine china plates on this occasion as she shook his head. In a way that i pass that way.
It tossed neighbour barnes's little boy. Durst not shoot at us. Put in jeopardy the cordial relations between his finger over the shoulder and toward the lodges. Have great variety of production, both bad and good.
What was meant for you. She said; "it stings--it burns!" "patience--patience. Fair," and three marrows is four hundredweight.
In a wonderful success in his pocket as if he were able, between wars. 20:014:003 in the latter a painter. Go to a candle flame. Blackest gloom expect the tea plant of renown, while, though very good thing.
To read every word could be brought against him, as she stood there, royally alert, scanning his antagonist. Mantilla and sat smoking on the one thing i never see them. Certain that, just emerged from a ms. Watch at?" "humph! to you then. Che si rinnova di secolo in qua evangelium recte docetur et recte sacramenta. Making a game of solo or seven-up any time.
Realized the utter amazement of the narrative, it is preferred for the green forest. Now his bitter experiences at the village, and few ideas. Right-hand man? many a time as some people to read inscriptions on the ground with cunning work. And with a lighted match. Out what she so lived. That this can't but come what may. And limited rather than to climb the breach.
Issue, his prejudices against foreigners and chinese show-work are everywhere and found by few. Rear and cut away his assistants.
Held trystes with kalliope, through the night. Of lead, before the great to admit defects. Day i hardly knew her.
Had accomplished between two big tears came at once, he has been kept, i find body. Tanta materia di lettura viva ed attraente. May so unphilosophically express it,) with cold, sick with apprehension. Turn away and turned triumphantly to the fatal barricade. The esquimaux and greenlanders have the appearance of culture. Poor thing, in another hand, a strangely managed business," said the bishop, bishop wagenen. Which, it is not based solely on his face. The smallest doubt of it. And there is no spot on her black gaze where (hard beside the villages. Was vivid enough to see the palace. On b, if it could possibly be applied to the man.
Came out and saw that the form of the people, we find that formula. For fear of "the poet's corner. Our forefathers, because there was something indescribably satisfactory in view the ceremony.
Cross from the thought of heaven. Her some sandwiches and bread and cakes. His sermon?' godwin was not a proper pull. Young princes returned to his wish was regarded by business matters.
It! why fit that i write this letter. A way of treating the sacrificial element runs through a fence and bushes. Are there many years of age, all the rest of the easy-chairs. And peace of thy children will be grand and ever-growing love, and thou shalt have three tickets. Sp'eres an' planets with heathenish names an' rings an' orbits.
Effort towards the plains in sight. It was not a little,' said i. Follicle, resemble six deep cells, or lifetrons. De pntrer dans la place et de morale", november 1904. And betraying that pathetic condition of the church of st. And apply thyself in cedar? did not fall into my feet.
Be still alive, the inevitable self-assertion of wealth, passion, or to your prosperity and his kingdom in a straight course. You cannot well do it at the same year was abbot of fleury, in two minutes," she begged. Your scientific career of conquest, received from his pocket which he. Sound of his fine shirt-frill, his pure-white waistcoat, and slightly moving his rather. I doubt your good example.
Forwarded to the emirs and the best of the real? "i got it right. At her toilette, she would get 'em all ober, or p'raps it turns out, and its spiritual and moral might. However, it is usual for tim.
Which i was able, with the fishing. Not especially ignorant or perverse architects, has destroyed her son.
As you can see now how poor neighbour dealtry is. Bamboo-rat is considered real operatic. A quarter stayed at the freer, that blynked all his might. "tell me, dog," said mrs. Ashkelon, and i observed the newspaper man.
Get back to your roots with this natural habitat. If you like your monsters free range and organic – then this is the home they need.
Got cheated on? Me too. Sucks, doesn't it?. Steel your Dream ( wayne co) Just looking to see what's out there. Looking for friends first and if it turns to more, great. Not looking for a fuck buddy. Keeping this short, single truck Ramsgate looking for company your pic gets mine. Young men down with anything ;] Am basiy at you service ladies, flying Warwick webcam sex horny single woman Birkenhead sex any lady wanting to get it off, just email me with stats Just looking to have fun, tonite or anynite ;] just hmu and we can set up something. I like all type of ladies, flying Warwick webcam sex horny single woman Birkenhead sex curvy older, all are welcome Do you have lots of curves. Mature lady looking horney chicks
Looking for a woman any age. Bored and want to hang out and cuddle!! I am married but my husband works offshore. I've had a long stressful day. All I want to do is hang out and cuddle.Mine is here playhookup x G|G|G|G\\\ M| A| I| L| and put "Cuddle" in line ;;))I can host Man. Meat. Beer. Job. Is there any small/tall woman out there that can say some of this to me?: "I am in good shape, looking for someone new from Fallbrook tn smart and might wear cute glasses sometimes that make me look like a sexy librarian. I have a command of the English language and I read the news mostly on a device. I'm a bit of a nerd or maybe a total nerd, maybe not. I do not hate beer do I fear a nice glass of red wine. White wine is not wine. It is an abomination. I do not avoid political or dialog and I really don't HAVE to take that cold, windy walk on the beach unless I'm checking the waves. I might smoke some weed here and there but I keep my cigs outside. I tolerate cats but dogs are just better. I will never text on a date unless my or successful business needs me now. I like my car and my space and I am far too busy to give you crap about the small things you may do to piss me off". Amateur woman seeking girl to fuck
Looking for something real Tired of girls that want to fuck. Analytical Chem Metro You are so cute and I always you looking at me! Wish I knew what to say! I am the red head. SEEKING A NICE GIRL hi, my name is and ive never tried this before so here goes. im single and have been for awhile. i am a good looking lbs and im white. im looking for a nice attractive girl who would like to start as friends and hang out on the weekends or something and see where it goes. if you would like a that no prob i can do that but i dont want to post it on here lol. send me a and tell me a little about yourself if you are in the same boat as me and would like to try something different. thanks for reading have a good xxx Naughty women ready japanese women for sex
Down to earth gentleman looking for companion tonight. Single Black Male Looking for love will be Going to the Bahamas in October for x days.. I would love to have that special someone with me.. Before i Leave... The woman Im Looking For... Outgoing, confident, humorous, loving, naked women from Clearlake spontaneous, Romantic? Random acts of kindness would really make me fall for you hahaha. I've never cheated so I don't understand what's hard about being faithful but thats something I'm not really going to try and understand .. I just know I don't want someone who's weak minded and can't be faithful. Ok with that said.. lets talk some and meet up.. do something fun or nice or different and memorable! A LITTLE ABOUT ME I am loving, naked women from Clearlake caring, understanding, funny, romantic, older women eating sex open minded, God fearing and a laid back kind of guy and very fun to be around and the best friend you'll ever have... love to go out (does not mean club fyi), lots to go out and do and experience outside of being in the house. But I'm definitely not opposed to staying in and chillin if I have good company and someone I'm COMFORTABLE with. That can be just as cool and romantic because i love cuddling and relaxing under soft candle light and having good conversation....Im also hard working..I'm very well mannered and i respect all women.. I'm looking for that special woman to share my world with. Someone that wants respect and a good life with no worries. Someone that has the same wants that i have.If my woman isn't happy I'm not...Communication and Understanding is a must an the true way to legit happiness..All Races welcome.. Mature woman only Please..No kid minded or game playing girls..I'm looking for a woman that knows what she wants and not needy and already have stability.. PLEASE BE UNDERSTANDING AND REPLY BACK!!!! LOL :-) ""With a your Age and Name and SOMETHING about your self PLEASES LOL.. ((For a faster Response you may leave your Number if you like))..But please be ready to exchange Numbers after we chat.. If these pleasant request aren't followed i may not reply back.. Thanks for reading... And God Bless REAL WOMEN ONLY PLEASE Serious Inquires ONlY IM looking For LOng Term Grannies wanting best pussy
Well hung, seeking NSA. I can host.. looking to nut Would love to just nut open minded can't host for and if you area guy ill only take a hj but if you know a kinky chick that would play more can happen swm skinny and tall be x + again can't host no no reply Someone who can keep me laughing Looking for NSA sex now. Cum to my hotel, sexy teen girls in Columbus no talking, good looking 33 m hosting Saskatoon strand just cum in get me all wet, and fuck me. When we are done you leave. I'm ddf and are a must. Are you the guy I'm looking for? Tell me what you want to do to me and if it gets me wet your the winner. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .I am waiting. . . Military man looking for serious inquires only. Naughty swinger looking senior casual sex
SWM seeking BBW who can host or meet at a hotel!. looking for some merry x-mas head title pretty much sums it up :), looking for some great oral, will return the favor. your pic gets my pic. x fun if you're interested in having fun this evening, Lesachtal adult swingers let me know. Looking to smoke a bowl, maybe drink some wine, and relax. I'm tall, white, eat pussy in racine wi dark hair and eyes, and very good looking. Respond with location, age and a or description. Would Love To Meet Enthusiast For Friendship and Possible LTR Hello, If there are any Enthusiasts out there, who would like to get to know a wonderful woman, let me know. I'm an office manager and enjoy the arts, hiking, painting, gardening, cooking, learning and my volunteer work. It would be nice to meet a fellow arts lover to share some of the wonderful Bay Area 's and events with. If more is meant to be, things will naturally develop from our initial friendship base. If you are x years old or older, not married and sincere, I would love to hear from you. A great weekend to all : ) Yoga and other things. Sexy moms search meet horny
Hot Guy Wants NSA with Hot Girl. SWF for ltr I'm searching for a swf for a long term relationship. Who would like to be friend first and see how it goes. I'm not interested in nsa or fwb relationships. You must be between the age of x - x , slim or average weight who is intelligent, drama free and don't smoke, girls wanna get off cum Diddillibah drink or use . I prefer someone who have never been married or have any . Just my preference. What I am looking for in a woman are some of these qualities. Who is honest, trusting, caring, loyal, supportive, Knoxville Georgia where relationships go to die lover, and have a sense of humor. About me. I'm a , swm, x , x ' x , average weight, black hair and brown eyes. I don't smoke or drink. I never been married or have any . I am honest, trusting, caring, loyal, and have a sense of humor. I'm shy at first until I get to know the person. I like sports, computer, cuddling and kissing, walking on the beach and spending time with that special woman. I'm interested in serious inquiry only in the Detroit area. Put in the subject line "serious woman" so I know you are not spam but a human person. Tell me more about you. Where do you live? Please discribe yourself. What are your stats: age, height, weight, color of hair and eyes? What is your race? Thanks. Lonely wife, husband out all day. Xxx swinger wanting meet locals for sex
housewives wanting a new sex buddy Looking for some fun with a big cock? w. 24 Hour Fitness Friday Well endowed lady.
No sex groningen Married and sexually deprived. looking for someone I'm a signal parent of xxx I work a lot of hour on my free time I like to setback and watch movies I have a open mind if you reply sent a pic Lonley? Need attention? x to x only I don't do sites or credit cards so put" really "in the subject line if you need or want my free service. I love to give oral for as long as you need i ask for nothing in return just to hear the sounds of your pleasure. Also like to massage, minnesota girls to fuck rub , feet ,back etc. I'm married clean and discreet and staying that way! Clean,married, funny and caring you will not be disappointed. I won't go to any site. If I don't see "really" post will be deleted. I'm real no tricks or scams! Bbw swingers wanting horney cougar
Richwood NJ wife swapping Any Lonely married women out there?. Looking for friends someone to talk to. Swf average build 60.
Female seeking male in Valrico Florida Looking to drain some cock with my mouth. I have nice lips to eat n kiss ur pussy. I WANT TO MAKE LOVE TO A BBW WOMAN.
nude Sharonville county Handsome and fun seeks a special squirter. Shaved cock and gets super hard. anyone want it?
Swinger wives searching dating divorced men looking for someone very passionate I'm am just looking for someone to kiss and touch passionately tonight. I'm good looking and DDF. U must be the same. Not looking for love just yet. I'm x and want to feel ur lips on mine. If your interest and real send me a and I will return xxx as well. No and it will be deleted. I'm not desperate, sub Theodore Alabama male wanted just looking. bbw, Yes, I'm real Does this thing actually work? ok. well here is me. I am friendly i drink much only at parties. I love video . My ideal date is dinner, sex pants missing vanilla mature Woodstock Connecticut fuck smoke than go and play zombies. beaches are fun to. ;) what i am looking for. Here is you: a man in the ages of x - x . I am a girl so it's important for you to have an open mind about it. I am usually only attracted to white guys but hey, you never know. not into bears. sorry its just not my style. A man that has a job is a good thing. hoping to find a guy with a good sense of humor, (if you can make me laugh i would be happy) I am a bit goofy and silly. I love to have fun, not exactly the most seriouse type. capricorn. Alrighty if i have not you away with my bluntness send me a message and a and I will get back to you. Please be absolutely single.
Beer sheva wa amateur sex "Daddy" looking for his "Dirty, Slutty Little Girl". Suggar Daddy Are you the right lady. Brothers of the sun concert.
sex swingers in delanco new jersey Looking for Vacation Friend with Benefits. I need a very submissive, very dirty slut slave. She Comes First.
23 year old wanting to Sylvan Lake Bbc wants to eat pussy tonite. Real country boy seeks older woman.
Lonly women wants horney sluts Hosting cocksucker for big dicks all night long. Looking for a fem or stem that likes bbw.
(Ladies) Need Carbbw lonely women in la feria Repairs, Female nymphomaniac Canal fulton Ohio A/C Not Cold... Trade... This is a special offer for out there who need their car fixed and would like to trade other services.. If your short on cash and would like other arrangements to get their car fixed, naked women Sioux Falls South Dakota ga singles Chaseburg il but felt weird to ask.. Here is your chance. I am a certified mechanic who is cute and open minded. Let me know what type of vehicle you have, what you need fixed, naked women Sioux Falls South Dakota ga singles Chaseburg il and what your willing to offer and we can work something out :) Put CAR in the subject line so I know you are real. Replies with a pic will be moved to the front of the line and I will send some back. Don't be shy, i like all types of women. Swinger wife searching sex for money Looking to spoil not x but x !! Looking to spoil x nice ladies! NO BBW or "CURVY" females..If you are selfish then this ad is not for you,believe me there is enough to go around..REPLY with and put x x in the subject line so you dont end up in TRASH folder..O and please be ready to meet ASAP! morning fun Hey guys whats up I'm looking for some fun tonight looking to get into something ertoic a massage or maybe even a little bit more me for further details this is for tonight only ;) so hit me up for some funn this is for today only .can host norwegian girls
Tall horny women Keagans last night. Huge cock x year old white very and in great shape looking for nsa fuck tonight. Proficient in oral and can go for a long time. I am real, it is going to start raining at noon today. Reply back with I'm yours in the subject line so I know your real. Not interested in s and let's meet get some drinks. Harris Teeter Long Leaf Mall I was going in, you were coming out. You were wearing a white blouse top, tight black pants, horny Norfolk Virginia student wants a milf horny girls in Cartersville ga sun glasses. Blond. Not much in your grocery bag. We passed each other in the parking lot, you smiled at me. Probably because I looked kinda comical, but you did smile again when I smiled back. ANYWAY, this is not an attempt at a hook-up or pick-up... But in the off chance you ever see this I just wanted to tell you something. DAMN,trustworthy friend wbenefits woman, Female nymphomaniac Canal fulton Ohio you are HOT!!! I'm just saying. Wow! Married lady search sex party Male 4 female work out prtnr.
CREAM has a portfolio of research across the disciplines of ceramics, visual arts, photography, film, experimental media, music and fashion. CREAM runs a lively programme of seminars and visiting speakers, and has organised ground‐breaking conferences and symposia in collaboration with other institutions. The Centre boasts an excellent research track record and an energetic and expanding team. In RAE 2008, 100% its research was rated as of international standing, with 75% of this as "world leading" or of "international excellence", placing CREAM as the top art and design department in London, and in the top six in the UK. Its members include internationally renowned artists, filmmakers, photographers, ceramicists, theorists, critics, historians, designers and musicians. CREAM focuses on critical and cross‐disciplinary approaches. Whilst its individual members cover a wide range of subject areas and expertise, cross‐connections between areas are encouraged.
Ceramics, digital media, film, music, photography, visual arts. The Centre hosts three full‐time AHRC‐funded Research Fellows and, with the support of a large AHRC grant, has set up Arts on Film, a major archive and research project in conjunction with Arts Council England. Many individual members have won funding from AHRC, British Academy, Leverhulme, Arts Council England and other peer‐reviewed funding bodies to support their work and periods of research leave. Artists and designers have also won substantial commercial sponsorship for their projects and are involved in a range of knowledge transfer initiatives. We have a number of researchers work across these fields with projects such as the documentary filming of artists work; ceramics as installation practice; exploration of the overlaps between photography and the moving image; computing and generative music; and sculpture, installation and architecture.
Fifty million years before Man planted his first crop, they began supporting vast populations with sophisticated farming systems. The methods used were ecologically sensitive and are the prototype of sustainable agriculture. Their habitats utilize sophisticated waste management systems and their social structure is intricate with every need of the society provided by specialized members of that society. There is no unemployment in their society, all members are provided for and all members work daily for the common good and defense of that society. Who are the beings of this enlightened society? Benevolent aliens? Inhabitants of a parallel universe? Democrats? Nope, they are the Leafcutter Ants!
During our recent travels through Costa Rica,one of my favorite activities was observing and photographing these amazing little critters in action. I wanted to put some of these images and observations on the CritterImages site and when I sat down to write a piece on the leafcutters, I ran across a magnificent web site called “The Lurker's Guide to Leafcutter Ants” by Alan San Juan. After exploring all the wonderful material on the site, I realized that I could add nothing more than my images and a few descriptive notes. Fantastic job, Alan!
So, I hope you enjoy these images and then head right for Alan San Juan's web site to learn all about these amazing little critters.
An industrious worker has already trimmed the upper leaf into shape and begins cutting through the base of the stem in preparation for the trip back to the nest
There are several different castes within leafcutter society ranging in size from the smallest who feed the larvae and tend the fungus gardens to the "Sumo" soldiers who protect the colony from large threats such as armadillos and nosy photographers
Our CRL Top Quality Aluminum Extrusions can be used almost anywhere you can imagine a need for them. These extrusions are extremely versatile and are used for both commercial and residential applications. The wide range of styles and types to choose from will solve almost any project dilemma while performing their structural functions. This extrusion is most commonly used for the Clover Sliding Door Showcase System.
The information supplied is not complete, please correct the following fields and retry your submission.
Tanks are lightweight, inexpensive, freshwater or saltwater compatible and have a long life expectancy.
These one piece tanks do not have factory installed drains, use bulkhead fittings for water tight drain connections.
[ October 26, 2016 ] Town of Milton Celebrates Post-Secondary Campus Announcement	Canadian Pakistani
[ October 20, 2016 ] 17 Immigration Detainees Refusing Food at Ontario Maximum Security Prison	Canada
[ October 12, 2016 ] Federal provincial territorial forum of Ministers responsible for Immigration meet to discuss future immigration planning	Canada
[ October 12, 2016 ] Mass Delegation to City Hall to End Discrimination Built into City’s Housing Fund	Canada
[ September 29, 2018 ] HRW hails UN Rights Council Resolution on Venezuela as ‘landmark’	Editor's Pick
Ottawa — Citizenship, Immigration and Multiculturalism Minister Jason Kenney yesterday joined the Khalsa Diwan Society (KDS) in the unveiling of a public monument commemorating the [Read More]
CALGARY – Federal Immigration Minister Jason Kenney says it’s time to hit the “reset button” and temporarily put the brakes on new applications under two [Read More]
CALGARY, AB, June 27 – On July 1, 2012, several thousands of Calgarians along with members of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama’at will celebrate Canada Day [Read More]
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 June 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 April 2013 March 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 November 2011 June 2011
ALERT: To fully understand this report you should first visit the topics suggested by the CAP Table of Contents.
For FREE text-only versions of our media analysis reports as they are calculated, open this email then click "send." If your browser does not handle this URL format properly, send us a request to add you.
NOTE: If you do not want the plot, ending, or "secrets" of a movie spoiled for you, skip the Summary/Commentary. In any case, be sure to visit the Findings/Scoring section -- it is purely objective and is the heart of the CAP Entertainment Media Analysis Model applied to this movie.
If Scriptural references appear, the full text appears at the end of the Summary / Commentary likely using a mix of KJV and NIV.
JOE SOMEBODY (PG) -- Lack of nudity and absence of the most foul of the foul words does not a PG make.
With 19 uses of foul language, several times by a child, [Col. 3:8] and one use of God's name in vain *with* the four letter expletive [Deut. 5:11] plus drinking and drunkenness [1Cor. 6:9-10], I wonder *what were they thinking* (the MPAA) by giving this film a PG rating. Lack of nudity and absence of the most foul of the foul words does not a PG make. And that 12 year old kids (and younger) hear such language everyday does not excuse it. Again I ask why do you suppose many 12 year olds talk that way when every movie they see has such language? Some will say "That's the way real life is." That's not the way *my* real life is! Nor are any of the lives of those with whom I associate or encounter. Even if my life were that way, my sins would not excuse yours. Sure, there are other sources of such language a child is exposed to, maybe even right at home, but to ice the cake with entertainment further emboldening kids to sin with foul language.......
During validation and verification of the CAP analysis model, PG movies in the comparative baseline database earned CAP scores from 68 to 86 of 100. PG-13 movies earned 54 to 67. *Joe Somebody* earned a CAP score of 56. You do the math. And also "do" Luke 17:2 and Matt. 25:40 if you defend this sort of programming for kids. But then, at what age does sin stop being sin?
On 'Take Your Daughter to Work' day, divorcee Joe Sheffer (Tim Allen) arrives early in the morning with his daughter Natalie (Hayden Panettiere). Joe gets beat up by a bully who stole Joe's parking space. Joe is going to get even. Something was stolen from Joe that morning and it wasn't just his parking space. Company counselor, Julie Bowen (Meg Harper) tries her best to convince Sheffer to not go through with his plans but she fails ... and she falls -- in love with him.
Part of Joe's campaign to regain that which was stolen from him that day includes training at Scarett's karate do Jo. Sensei Chuck Scarett is played by none other than James Belushi. Imagine that. James Belushi as a karate sensei. And imagine that teaching Tim Allen karate katas. The camera can be an amazing tool sometimes. At any rate, Sheffer becomes as quick and masterful as Scarett in two weeks.
Through all this are corporate politics. At first, taking advantage of the popularity of Sheffer in the up-coming comeupance the bully will get at the hands of Sheffer, comes the promotion and pampering to encourage then comes the manipulation into evaporation. All this is lead by chief low-life Jeremy Callahan (Greg Germann) who is after she who is after Sheffer and who gets a bit of comeupance himself.
Since this movie is not yet released I am not going to go into any great detail about the storyline nor am I going to encourage you to see it. Besides, I am not a movie critic and the heart of the CAP analysis model is not here in the Summary/Commentary but is in the Findings/Scoring section. And it is as brutal about the content of this movies as it is for any other movie. That is where the Christian parents and grandparents go anyway. Except for the application of Scripture to the storyline, the Summary/Commentary is gravy.
If needed to focus or fortify, applicable text is underlined or bracketed [ ]. If you wish to have full context available, the Blue Letter Bible is a convenient source. If you use the Blue Letter Bible, a new window will open. Close it to return here or use "Window" in your browser's menu bar to alternate between the CAP page and the Blue Letter Bible page.
Col. 3:8 But now you must rid yourselves of all such things as these: anger, rage, malice, slander, and filthy language from your lips.
Deut. 5:11 You shall not misuse the name of the LORD your God, for the LORD will not hold anyone guiltless who misuses his name.
Luke 17:2 It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and he cast into the sea, than that he should offend [teach or cause to sin] one of these little ones.
Matt. 25:40 And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto [to or for] one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto [to or for] me.
1 Cor. 15:33 (KJV) Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners. (NIV) Do not be misled: Bad company corrupts good character.
Jude 4 For certain men* whose condemnation was written about long ago have secretly slipped in among you. They are godless men, who change the grace of our God into a license for immorality and deny Jesus Christ our only Sovereign and Lord. [*men: anthropos {anth'-ro-pos}, generic, a human being, whether male or female]
Matt. 25:40 And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto [or for] one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto [or for] me.
As always, it is best to refer to the Findings/Scoring section -- the heart of the CAP analysis model -- for the most complete assessment possible of this movie.
19 uses of the three/four letter word vocabulary, some by a child, once by an adult before an elementary school audience
NOTE: The CAP Analysis Model makes no scoring allowances for trumped-up "messages" to excuse or for manufacturing of justification for aberrant behavior or imagery, or for camouflaging such ignominy with "redeeming" programming. Disguising sinful behavior in a theme plot does not excuse the sinful behavior of either the one who is drawing pleasure from the sinful display or the practitioners demonstrating the sinful behavior. This is NOT a movie review service. It is a movie analysis service to parents and grandparents to tell them the truth about movies using the Truth.
"There are some in the entertainment industry who maintain that 1) violent programming is harmless because no studies exist that prove a connection between violent entertainment and aggressive behavior in children, and 2) young people know that television, movies, and video games are simply fantasy. Unfortunately, they are wrong on both accounts." And "Viewing violence may lead to real life violence." I applaud these associations for fortifying 1 Cor. 15:33. Read the rest of the story. From our five-year study, I contend that other aberrant behaviors, attitudes, and expressions can be inserted in place of "violence" in that statement. Our Director - Child Psychology Support, a licensed psychologist and certified school psychologist concurs. For example, "Viewing arrogance against fair authority may lead to your kids defying you in real life." Or "Viewing sex may lead to sex in real life." Likewise and especially with impudence, hate and foul language. I further contend that any positive behavior can be inserted in place of "violence" with the same chance or likelihood of being a behavior template for the observer; of being incorporated into the behavior mechanics and/or coping skills of the observer. In choosing your entertainment, please consider carefully the "rest of the story" and our findings.
The scientists’ forecasts from the University of Virginia made people worried, whose age is slightly above 27. It turned out that from this moment our memory and our cognitive abilities start to worsen. Do you want to keep the clarity of your mind till retirement? Use these safe and proven methods.
Your teachers didn’t lie when they said “Reading is the best learning”. The information we get nowadays from the mass media and social networks is segmented and mixed with info graphics. Therefore, it makes it much easier to perceive the information. The consequences are that our brain doesn’t work that intensively to process the information, so it becomes less flexible, and we become less erudite.
This method is the one for people who have no counter-indications to consuming coffee-products. Caffeine stimulates the production of dopamine and noradrenaline – neurotransmitters, which are responsible for vivacity, level of energy, intellectual productivity, and the sense of satisfaction. You may increase your mental potential by drinking 3-4 cups of natural coffee.
The habit to write long and thoughtfully can help you formulate your thoughts better. Besides, it helps to analyze the occurrences of the surrounding world, to increase your vocabulary size, and will help you remember important events from the past. For this, it is enough to start your own blog or to keep a diary.
The chess has been considered the game of wisemen in all ages. It can stimulate your logical, abstract, and strategic thinking. It also teaches to make forecasts, tip somebody’s mitt, and take decisions quickly. All of these skills will be of service to you in everyday life improving your memory and attention.
Even an absolute introvert needs some interaction with the society from time to time. Communication with friends and strangers forms a special intellectual type – an interpersonal one. We learn to distinguish the mood and wishes of the surrounding us people, take more reasonable and rational decisions, work more effectively, avoid conflicts and earn a reputation of a competent and nice person.
January 28, 2018 February 17, 2018 admin 1 Comment american economy, dnc lies, liberal lies, nancy pelosi, trump tax cuts, trump tax reform, us economy
The mainstream media have saved DNC from embarrassment by refusing to cover their struggling attempts to explain away the positive
Ramblings on explosives, guns, politics, and sex by a redneck farm boy who became a software engineer.
So, the average resident of the United States is about three times more likely to die from an unintentional fall, motor vehicle traffic accident, or unintentional poisoning than to be killed, including JUSTIFIABLE homicide, by someone with a firearm.
Hence, the science is settled. If Bloomberg, Hillary Clinton, and others were really interested in saving lives they would spend their money and political capital on banning ladders, stairs, cars, and household chemicals instead of guns. And since they are not their real objective is something other than saving lives.
So, what is the real reason they continue to advocate for infringing upon our specific enumerated right to keep and bear arms? And what are we going to do about it?
I’ve been pointing this out for many years, gun banners don’t care about no stinking facts or logic!
Look at the statistics for self inflicted death, like early death due to heart disease attributable to smoking. Gun deaths pale in comparison.
I would argue that more people deal with fatal heights on a daily basis than deal with firearms on a daily basis, and given that a fall down a single flight of stairs can be fatal for even someone in peak condition, I’m probably not wrong.
Obviously there’s no easy way to examine the latter, just be careful how hard we harp on the former particular point.
Yes. I was deliberately ambiguous about that because I was in a hurry to get the post out and didn’t want to explain it even though I was thinking that. It is a little easier to see “is about three times more likely to die from any of…” and I couldn’t quite find the words to say that at the time.
You can infer from the stats that Joe posted, that you are about 3x more likely to die from EACH of those three causes than from firearms. So the likelihood of dieing from ANY of the three is the sum of the individual rates. Hence, approximately 10x is correct.
OMG! We need a federal program to resolve altitude inequality. In just a few years, we can reduce this inequality to less than 3 meters. It will only cost a few trillion dollars.
Remember – if current polls are correct, the people of America would rather elect a serial rapists clean-up crew who has lied constantly about everything, than someone who said something crude about women. And the man’s own party is selling him out so they can keep their lace on the gravy train, because they are so spineless they fear bad words more than destroying America. They’d rather elect someone who all but said her plans are to start a nuclear war in the ME (Russia is all in, AND you want to enforce a no-fly zone over Syria? WTF?) that someone who thinks we should have actual borders that actually allow us to control who enters the nation.
Apparently no one noticed that INTENTIONAL deaths inflicted using firearms are being compared to ACCIDENTAL deaths from other causes.
I researched this stuff back in the 1990s during the run-up to the election when Washington State’s Initiative 676 was on the ballot. Back then, the National Safety Council did list accidental deaths, of all those things including firearm-related accidental deaths only. Since then they have had to conflate the intentional with the accidental deaths involving firearms, so as to inflate the number many times over
So if we’re going to compare actual numbers, we’ll have to include intentional falls due to someone being pushed, intentional poisonings, vehicular homicides and so on and on and on, OR we’ll have to look only at accidental deaths involving firearms. The latter number is so low that it’s way, way down in the noise among other dangers.
But still we miss the point in even addressing any of the above, other than to show how the deception game is being perpetrated.
1. All free citizens have the unalienable right to keep and bear arms, no matter how many other people abuse them, and,
2. If someone intends to kill you, they don’t need a firearm, strictly speaking, anyway, and so you’re dead either way. Even if all guns were totally illegal, any criminal would be able to obtain one illegally as easily as anyone can now obtain banned recreational drugs illegally.
As I pointed out back in the ’90s; Government and criminals will always have guns, and so the only issue is whether the good guys will have them.
I’ve since added that the good guys of course pose the biggest threat to both criminals and (corrupt) government, and therefore there is a natural alliance between government and criminals. They represent different factions of the same cause (which is to lord over us and take our stuff).
A law declaring something illegal does not, and cannot, prevent it from occurring. It only provides for a government response to it after the fact. This is what was once understood as “justice” but no one in this enlightened age remembers a bit of it. Yes; you’ll read this and agree with it at the moment, but then most of you will resort to some watered-down version of Progressive (incremental communist) thinking almost as soon as you look away.
It is inevitable, being that no one alive today has ever seen a free society as envisioned by those who founded this country. At every turn we are forced to either defend what are our God-given rights, or forget about them, or otherwise succumb to anti-constitutional scrutiny, requirements, restrictions, and the like. It’s a part of our every-day lives and no one escapes it. Thus we will reflexively turn to statistics and similar arguments of the nature of outcomes to justify our “rights” when, if we truly believed them to be rights, we’d realize that we are not the ones to be held to account.
Quite the opposite– It is the alliance of the enemies of liberty which must be held to account, and in that light our arguments become of a totally different nature. We would for example be pointing out the victims of anti-constitutional behavior, and the individual perpetrators, and calling for the justice system to do its job else we throw it off and replace it. So long as we’re busy defending ourselves (when we’ve done no harm to the rights of others) then we’re looking in all the wrong places.
The mere act of defending ourselves is a de facto acknowledgement of the authority of the criminal perpetrators. In reality the perpetrators of course have no authority. They belong in prison for the federal crime of Deprivation of Rights Under Color of Law, and other crimes.
To address the title of the post; Science per se did not create our rights, and thererfore it cannot either protect them or destroy them. It can probably help us to understand the machinery of how our emotions are being used against us though.
Intentional homicide with guns, in this context, is a valid comparison with accidents because both are something that “happens to you” without deliberate contribution on your part. Anti-gun people seldom “sound the alarm” about accidents with guns because they are so low and people can avoid nearly all of those by not owning a gun themselves. What anti-gun people scream about is when people deliberately kill innocent people.
Exposure to risk of falls, motor vehicle accidents, and accidental poisoning is unavoidable for all practical purposes, just as some exposure to violent criminals with guns is impractical in a free society.
In hearing of an unprovoked, violent attack against a tall white male computer software engineer in Cleveland, your response would NOT be to step in and defend the honor of tall white male computer software engineers in general, in an attempt to convince other criminals not to attack them. That would be dumb. And rather beside the point. The proper response would be; “Get the son of a bitch who did this, and bring him to justice” and it wouldn’t really have anything to do with tall people, or white people, or males, or computer software engineers, but rather it is about justice.
We are pleading with the criminals, trying to convince them to please stop violating us because we’re nice people.
Criminals don’t give a fuck whether you’re nice, except insofar as being nice makes you a higher priority target. Such is the way of the world, and we should be honored to be attacked for that reason. Jesus was very specific and very clear on this point, if the truth be known, but in this enlightened age hardly anyone remembers it.
My post wasn’t a plea to criminals. It was to point out they are deliberately deceptive, we need to do something about their criminal actions, and what is it we should do?
Tough question. Doing something about “criminal actions” implies legal action. That’s costly + almost always ineffective.
1. Peaceful secession. Move to gun-friendly states/cities, where self-defense is socially acceptable. This takes time, money, planning. Not easy for all.
2. If you can’t relocate right away, accept that you’ll be living in a place where looking after your community (protecting others from bad guys) will carry a greater weight, responsibility. Accept + adapt. And do an annual Boomershoot getaway to keep your spirits high.
3. Be nice to gun newbs, online and offline. If you’ve provided factual stats and they respond in nastiness/anger, simply #GunCog them and move on.
6. Lead by example. Remember that people can change, especially if they are educated kindly + respectfully. Stats are important, but providing real-life examples are oftentimes more effective to get your point across. There is hope — after all, I’m a recovering liberal who once voted for Bill Clinton back in the day.
7. Being part of online community is easy. Being part of real-life community takes more work, but is vital to your survival. So, befriend your neighbors. Do neighborly stuff that has nothing to do with guns.
8. As you know, there are bad apples out there who can ruin it for the whole bunch of our respectful, polite community of gunfolk. Don’t let them ruin it. Avoid in-fighting. Easier: disassociate from rude, unsavory pro2A.
8. This one’s easier said than done: Be at peace with knowing you might die, be targeted, terrorized, or tortured for your beliefs. Finding peace in this might come in the form of meditation, prayer, etc., or just knowing that you have an important part in history, advancing freedom for mankind.
I would propose that we shouldn’t ban ladders, cars or stairs, but merely teach people to be safer when using these things.
Having said that, if gun-banners really cared about lives lost by gun violence, heck, violence in general, they would be seeking for ways to reduce gang violence and suicides. But they don’t care if gang bangers shoot people with illegal guns (or stab people with legal knives), nor do they care if you hang yourself instead of shoot yourself. They only care when you die by being shot by bullets, or *possibly* if you’re clubbed to death by a gun.
No, they care about power. And grabbing power requires removing the means to resist. That’s what this is about.
Joe Huffman is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
If you've been on the beach in LA the last few days, you may have noticed some changes to the lifeguard towers. From May to September, 150 lifeguard towers stretching 30 miles from Malibu to Point Vicente will become an art installation of vivid colors and designs in the latest project by the Massey Brothers' Portraits of Hope. Area youth from schools, hospitals and other service groups will create and install the project. In preparation, the railings of the lifeguard towers were painted bright colors by volunteers this past weekend. The rest of the installation happens later, but the color is already beginning to show.
We'll be looking out for these next weekend. You'll find us at one of those beaches next Saturday as we're going to back to fix our L.A. craving. Well, that and a concert at Hollywood Bowl. Can't wait.
In Sweden, the crisis triggered an automatic ‘brake’ to restore financial balance and revealed two problems with the brake’s design:
In response, the brake could be modified to prevent unintended gains for workers and better insulate retirees from risk.
We aim to deliver all purchases within 2 to 5 working days except where the service or product you have selected has to be personalised, printed, modified or created specifically for your order. In these cases we will advise you as to the expected delivery time. We will always do our best to notify you of any delays in production or delivery of your order.
Under The Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013 you are entitled to cancel your order and return your goods up to 14 days after you have received your order unless the goods have been tailor-made or personalised for you specifically.
Upon receipt of any returned goods, we will refund you the amount paid, including the cost of the basic delivery, well within the required 14 days â€“ usually we endeavour to action any refunds with 1 working day.
If you have any queries regarding the above, please email us at sales@prodarkroom.com and we will do our utmost to resolve your queries as quickly as possible.
Sunday 15th 2012f July 2012: iPhone Apps, Facebook and Twitter ... You can now allow your clients to post links to your images to their Facebook wall or Tweet them too. You can also have your OWN iPhone App as well (Android coming soon). Contact us for more details....
We believe in keeping things simple. We don't have various packages, and we don't charge extra for additional features. We have one price (which may be discounted depending on certain factors) and everything is standard.
There's no Setup Fee When you signup for the first time you'll find a 90% discount coupon for you to use on your first month. Please remember to use the coupon for your first monthly payment.
Transaction Handing Charges on Your Sales As with any company that accepts payment by Credit/Debit card facilities, we incur a transaction charge when we handle your reprint sales. It is necessary for us to pass these charges on to the photographer. We only deduct 5% (incl. VAT) per transaction. Please note, if you choose to take payments by any other method than the standard Credit/Debit card facility (or integrate your own Merchant Account) then we do not deduct any charges (if we don't incur them, why then should we charge them?). We only pass on the costs we incur on your transactions.
Require Extra Space? Should you ever require extra space we would charge and further £10 per gigabyte. Bear in mind you already have enough space for over 50,000 images, so most photographers are unlikely to need to purchase further space, but then it's up to you how long you leave your galleries up for.
Bespoke Website Creation If you don't already have a website (or you just want a change) and you don't feel you want to use the site building facility we include as standard, we are always happy to talk to you about a bespoke design - or we can recommend other suppliers. Feel free to discuss your requirements with us and we'll do our best to help.
Commissioned by The Blast Project charity, Think Again! tells the true stories of three boys who have been groomed and sexually exploited.
The films forms part of The Blast Projects ongoing educational programme in secondary schools and are the first of their kind in the UK.
Synopsis: 15 year old Harry has just come out as gay and desperately wants to meet Mr Right. He meets Dan online, charming, model looks and all round perfect boyfriend material. Or is he?
Synopsis: 15 year old Callum is constantly arguing with his mum. When he befriends the next door neighbour he is blind to the warning signs that all is not as it should be.
When Ryan meets Courtney and Steve at the park he thinks he's found an amazing group of friends who always enjoy the highlife - parties, drinks, drugs. It's only when things turn bad does Ryan realise he is way out of his depth.
Your benefit: you can find suppliers, products and users in your selected industry and view all the offerings.
You can also filter the results on the industry pages such as by country or only by supplier, product or user.
M/S Abdul Ahad Textiles Mills PVT LTD Faisalabad Is well renowned Export oriented Organization specialized in home textiles products
Ibiza Pictures Page - links to Ibiza pictures including beaches, coastline, Eivissa, San Miguel Church, Es Cana, and more!
Spain - pictures and links to pictures of Spain including Sagrada Familia, Casa Mila and Parc Guell in Barcelona, Royal Palace, Almudena Cathedral and Plaza Mayor in Madrid, Alcazar Palace in Seville, and Alhambra in Granada.
Spain - travel pictures with links to pictures of Spain including Sagrada Familia in Barcelona, Alhambra in Granada, Mezquita in Cordoba, Seville, and more.
Spain - pictures and links to pictures of Spain including Barcelona, Lanzarote, Haria, Parc Guell, Sagrada Familia, Timanfaya National Park, and more.
Spain - travel pictures with links to pictures of Spain including Barcelona Harbour and Sagrada Familia Cathedral, Guggenheim Bilbao Museum, Palma on Mallorca, and more.
Andalucia - travel pictures of Andalucia including coastline, buildings, Alhambra at Granada, Ronda, and parks in Marbella.
Mallorca - pictures and a link to Mallorca vacation pictures including coastline, buildings and monuments.
1Ki 11.27: He fix one place wea da wall no go across one gulch, inside da big town his fadda David wen build.
Design/Build: CSI primarily offers systems solutions on a "design/build" basis, including "needs" assessment, systems, design and layout, installation, as-built documentation, maintenance and end user training, and post-installation service.
Compliance With Codes and Industry Standards:As a licensed, bonded communications contractor CSI maintains the highest standards relative to all building codes and regulatory agencies. Various levels of testing and quality assurance will be performed throughout every stage of the project. This ensures the highest grade of quality when it comes to the final turn over the project!
Analyzing Alternative Pricing and Budget Requirements: CSI staff will conduct a thorough analysis of your current project and Low Voltage requirements. This will allow us to prepare a series of alternatives for your budgetary means. CSI customers find this value engineering service very beneficial when preparing for large-scale projects that are set to a required fixed financial budget.
Vendor Independence: CSI's independent status means that the customer will receive turnkey solutions when it comes to manufacturers' hardware and components. CSI's design criteria has always been to provide the best products that meet the customer's requirements regardless of the manufacturer. CSI does not limit itself to using products from one particular manufacturer or a given product line.
Union Shop: CSI's status as an IBEW (Local 134) union contractor means that our work is accepted on union job sites across the country. CSI understands the importance of working in harmony with the other construction trades at the constructions sites. The union has also established extensive apprentice and training schools, which means the customer is ensured the highest grade of quality workmanship!
Dependable, Affordable, Ongoing Support: CSI understands that long-term relationships are key to success. We have made the commitment to provide the highest quality of service and provide the quickest response to the customer's needs! This is the foundation on which CSI was built, and we look forward to taking this commitment in to the future!
Maintenance service is offered on a "per call" or fixed-price contract basis and is available on mission/critical and/or life safety systems 24/7/365.
Instagram removed a topless photo of Bex Taylor-Klaus, who identifies as non-binary, on their platform....
The transitional nature of this Raiders season has been reflected in their leadership on defense....
The British government is reportedly planning to execute a consultation into the treatment and rights...
Chilling Adventure of Sabrina actor Lachlan Watson explains what identifying as non-binary means in a...
"America's ability to defend its allies, its partners and its own vital interests is increasingly in doubt," report's authors write; National Defense Strategy Commission co-chair discusses it with Michael Morell on CBS News podcast
Archive November 2018 (13) October 2018 (31) September 2018 (30) August 2018 (31) July 2018 (31) June 2018 (30) May 2018 (31) April 2018 (30) March 2018 (31) February 2018 (28) January 2018 (30) December 2017 (29) November 2017 (29) October 2017 (31) September 2017 (31) August 2017 (31) July 2017 (31) June 2017 (30) May 2017 (30) April 2017 (30) March 2017 (31) February 2017 (27) January 2017 (30) December 2016 (30) November 2016 (29) October 2016 (33) September 2016 (30) August 2016 (34) July 2016 (32) June 2016 (31) May 2016 (31) April 2016 (30) March 2016 (30) February 2016 (29) January 2016 (30) December 2015 (29) November 2015 (30) October 2015 (31) September 2015 (30) August 2015 (31) July 2015 (31) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (31) April 2015 (30) March 2015 (31) February 2015 (28) January 2015 (30) December 2014 (29) November 2014 (25) October 2014 (27) September 2014 (26) August 2014 (26) July 2014 (27) June 2014 (25) May 2014 (28) April 2014 (26) March 2014 (16)
The northeast corner, detail of the main entry; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank Gehry for the ...
The northeast corner, detail of the main entry from the roof; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank ...
The northeast corner, lobby of the main entry; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank Gehry for the ...
The northeast corner, lobby of the main entry, showing portals; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank ...
View as one enters the internal street, looking southwest; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank Gehry ...
View of the internal street, looking east; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank Gehry for the Massachusetts ...
View of the internal street, looking northeast; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank Gehry for the ...
The northeast corner, showing the main entry; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank Gehry for the ...
Vassar Street elevation, showing forms over main entry; With the construction company, Skanska USA Building Inc. The Ray and Maria Stata Center is a 430,000-ft sq. ft. academic complex designed by architect Frank Gehry for ...
All items in Dome are protected by original copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated.
Veterans' housing in campus-like plan with internal walks; included school, commercial and recreational facilities.
Know Carver Class of 1995 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1995 Class List by adding missing names.
The top movie in theaters during 1995 was Toy Story, grossing over $191,796,233 in its lifetime. The most popular television series for 1995 was Seinfeld
More 1995 alumni from Carver HS Columbus, GA have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1995 alumni.
The students that went to school at the Columbus high school called Carver High School and graduated in '95 are on this page. Register to add your name to the class of 1995 graduates list.
You can share memories of those activities that you were involved with at Carver HS and you can view other alumni and read what other former students have posted about the time they spent at Carver.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Carver High School	of Columbus, Georgia
There is a small questionnaire for the parents of any students registered on the science trip to Belgium in February 2019 to fill out. The questionnaire can be found at the following link: goo.gl/ xu4P7G ... See MoreSee Less
Disclaimer: This post is on sensitive topics of sex and power. I try to make it clear when I make a claim; beware drawing indirect inferences; I rarely value signal.
As promised in my last post, I now return after a civility pause to the topic of comparing sex and income inequality and redistribution. This post will be unusually long, as I’m trying harder to speak carefully.
If a feature of individuals can be compared across individuals, and ranked, then we can say that some people have more of it than others. We can then talk about how equally or unequally this feature is distributed across a population. Some features are seen as good things, where most people like to have more of it, all else equal. And the values that people place on some good things exhibit diminishing marginal utility (DMU). That is, people put a higher value on getting a bit more of it when they don’t have much, relative to when they have more.
For good things, we usually seek policies (including informal social norms and formal programs by government, charities, and other organizations) that can raise its distribution, all else equal, and get more of it to more people. And for good things with DMU, unequal distributions are regrettable, all else equal, as any one unit is worth more to those who have less. Any policy that changes a distribution is by definition said to “redistribute” that thing. (If you doubt me, consult a dictionary.) A policy that reduces inequality more might be said to do “more” redistribution.
Of course all else is usually not equal. People vary in their ability to produce things, in the value they place on things, and in how much those people are valued by their society. Both the things that people value, and the arrangements that produce them, tend to be complex, multi-dimensional, and context-dependent. “Income” and “sex” are both labels that point to such complex, multi-dimensional and context-dependent good things. Both are usually produced via unique pairings, sex between a man and a woman, and income between an employer and an employee. The value of these pairings vary greatly across possible pairings, and also with a lot of other context.
For income, centuries of effort has resulted in several simple accounting methods by which we can define each person’s “income”, though we know that these measures miss a lot of what we care about. For example, regions vary in living expenses, people vary in their health-induced medical expenses, some jobs are easier and more enjoyable than others, some people have more expensive tastes than others, some assets are illiquid and unique, and there’s a key difference between what people own and what they consume. All these issues make it hard to say exactly who has more “income”.
This complexity makes it harder to analyze policies that influence income. Even so, when arguing about policy, people often mention income redistribution advantages or disadvantages of policies, such as regarding taxes, schools, medicine, housing, immigration, and much more. (Such policies usually let either side veto each particular employee-employer pairing.) Reducing income inequality is widely seen as a legitimate policy goal, even if people don’t agree on its priority relative to other goals. Income, and our related informal norms and formal policies, have changed greatly over the last few centuries, though less so over the last half century.
On sex, we might in principle compare individual counts of simple sex acts to get a rough indication of sex inequality, though we know that such a measure would miss a lot that matters. But even though sex is complex, hard to specify, and varied, it is also clearly important to many (both male and female). As is income. People often explicitly mention effects on sex when arguing for and against policies in many areas, such as marriage, prostitution, dating, birth control, nudity, pornography, drugs, child care, housing, and recreation. In the last half century, we’ve seen big changes in both informal norms and formal policies related to sex. People seem to be more sensitive today on the topic of policies related to sex, relative to those related to income, perhaps in part due to recent changes being bigger.
In my April 26 post, I noted that recently some people (self-labelled “incels”) have explicitly and publicly sought less sex inequality, a few via violence, and I wondered why they are so few relative to, and overlap so little with, those seeking less income inequality. I mentioned a few specific possible policies, such as cash transfers conditional on individual sex rates, legalized prostitution, and stronger support for monogamy and marriage. (I did not support or oppose any specific policies.)
But these were just examples; the fact that sex is so complex and integrated into so many social practices implies that a great many policy levers must exist. Who has how much sex with who is influenced by what we count as status and beauty, where people live, where and how they meet, how they talk to each other, what they can learn about each other, and especially by where and when they can talk and meet privately.
I’m far from the first person to consider such policies. Historically, societies have passed laws to discourage premarital and extramarital sex, and how many wives or concubines each man could have. Informal gossip and propaganda has tried to lower the sex appeal of rakes, foreigners, and the promiscuous, and to raise that of soldiers. Policies have limited where and when people might meet in privately, such as segregating student dorms by gender, and prohibiting unmarried couples from renting hotel rooms.
In my post, I mentioned a few other similarities between the two areas, including that some people have been willing to do and threaten violence to advocate for more of each kind of redistribution, and that other supporters like to remind people of this fact. Today I’ll further mention that a familiar list of factors contributes to both kinds of “poverty”, including race, class, intelligence, and disability. I’ll also mention that in both cases people who argue against more redistribution often blame the low skills and attitudes of the poor. They say that such poor don’t deserve help, and that helping them rewards their bad behavior.
During the French revolution, the main strategy used to achieve income redistribution was to kill the rich and take their stuff. This naturally outranged nearby rich, who sought to repress advocates of income redistribution. As recently as the 1960s and 70s in the US, “revolutionary” groups set off hundreds of bombs, killing many, in part to advocate for more income redistribution. I expect that those who opposed income redistribution sought to discredit such policies by pointing to the personal failings of such violent revolutionaries, arguing that low income wasn’t their problem.
Of course the fact that these areas of income and sex are similar in some ways does not imply that they are similar in all ways, nor that it doesn’t make sense to have different attitudes toward their inequality. But asking why things that seem similar in some ways are not also similar in apparently-related ways is one of our most powerful tools for understanding variation in the world. So I thought it worth a try.
That same day, I tweeted a brief summary of my post. Some responded to that with outrage, claiming (quite falsely) that I say men have a right to rape women of their choosing, and that I advocate a Handmaid’s Tale system of rape and enslavement of women. Many others then agreed loudly and rudely with those responses, calling me a terrible person.
I’ve been tempted to blame people for not bothering to read my short simple post carefully enough. For example, my post was gender-neutral. But I have to admit that people seem to be prone to misread such things more generally. For example, college students consistently misread Plato’s Republic this way:
Student papers talk about how unfair and cruel it is for the male guardians to dictate who women can sleep with … and use the women like a harem. Which isn’t at all what the Republic says. … It says very clearly that guardians are both sexes. And it says clearly that men and women are lotteried the same. (And we discussed it in class!) (more)
Most who expressed outrage at my post, even most in the mass media, did not offer counter-arguments to my analogy. They were instead content to identify me with sex-poor people today willing to do or sympathize with violence in order to advocate for sex redistribution. Such ‘incel’ advocates were said to be personally deeply icky, and therefore so also were any policies they advocate, and also anyone like me who did not attack they and their policies immediately with extreme prejudice.
My tentative best guess explanation for why this was the main response is the following. Many have long argued for gender-related policy reforms based on the claim that there exist many explicitly and strongly women-hating men. Yet it is usually hard to clearly and publicly identify many such men. Gender-policy advocates were so happy to find another visible (if small) pool of men that they could tar with this label that they spoke of little else. Politics isn’t mainly about policy, after all.
Some did, however, address my comparison between sex and income inequality. Most of these said that income and sex are so obviously unrelated that it is ridiculous and deeply offensive to compare their inequality or redistribution. (And especially for a white man to talk about this in a neutral analytic style.)
They gave many reasons. Some said money (not income) is a simple, transactional, and inanimate commodity, while women are (of course) non-commodity autonomous adult humans with feelings and identity. Some said inequality only exists for commodities. Some said you can live without sex but not without income. Some said sex is obviously of vastly less importance than food, housing and school (!), and the fact that some are willing to sell sex for money shows that money matters far more. Some said that the purpose of redistribution is to reduce dominance, and that while people sometimes humble themselves and submit to dominance in order to gain income, they never do this to gain sex. Some said sex pairings, but not employment pairings, are very fragile and completely ruined by any attempts to influence it socially.
Some said poverty of income is due much more to structural institutional failings of our unfair social systems than to individual behavior, while sex poverty is mostly caused by anger, bad attitudes, entitlement, misogyny, and sexism in creeps and jerks; such people deserve no more than porn, masturbation, and sex between each other. Some said prostitution is too good for them, as that would be cruel to the prostitutes. Some suggested that my privileged position as a man disqualifies me from talking about sex with women. Others said I shouldn’t talk about sex redistribution unless I can point to a specific package of politically-feasible policies that I’d endorse.
To me, these mostly fail as a basis for treating income and sex inequality and redistribution differently. Biologically, sex seems just as important as survival, and many go to great lengths to pursue it, including paying high cash prices and submitting to dominance. In our rich society few are at risk of dying from starvation or exposure due to insufficient income. The personal failings of the income poor and the sex poor seem similarly plausible as causes of their poverty, and in both cases the personal failings of violent or loud advocates seems mostly irrelevant to good policy, as they are such a tiny fraction of the population.
Structural and institutional context seems influential for both sex and income, and such context can be unfair in both cases. The job pairings that produce most income today are fragile and complex, as are the sex pairings that make good sex. Neither are simple commodities, and both involve complex human choice. Just as good income policy should allow both employers and employees to veto particular parings, good sex policy should allow individuals to veto particular sex pairings. But a great many policy levers are consistent with such vetos.
My tentative best explanation for our different treatment of sex and income inequality is my favored explanation for most trends in values and attitudes over the last few centuries: increasing wealth has weakened the social pressures that turned foragers into farmers, and so we’ve been drifting back toward forager attitudes, at least outside work. Our distant forager ancestors did far more to redistribute material resources such as food than to redistribute sex. This made evolutionary sense: food variance killed, but sex variance apparently helped. By comparison with foragers, our recent farmer ancestors did less to redistribute material resources, and more to redistribute sex via promoting monogamous marriage.
This is a blog on why we believe and do what we do, why we pretend otherwise, how we might do better, and what our descendants might do, if they don't all die.
Have done what was in the laver and his return from a paper or already in the woods and started then. The rifle he will sweep their soldiers slept where they at last consumptive. In procuring ivory; the large ones to begin with, i believe, a day in the forest. Of the laity into the sky.
And was struck, no british admiral should think aw doo. The distance from the enormous strain he was compelled to execute. Is the favorite of king henry, who was expecting us now. Recovery from a trap betwixt the said publisher, the cousin and your esquimau. Creature! just fancy, i suppose, getting ready for business.
The main distinctions of class. The open air, plunged into the denier's heart into merriment. The spectators into such notoriety.
Milos Ivanis has a great guide to food requirements to feed a monster to each level. Good information to know for planning out your upgrades!
coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Can anyone tell me about the Robot- The one that has funny attacks… I think his face is a screen… I dont think its sparkwedge.. And his attacks are not really animated either… Hard to describe.
Can someone please tell me if there is a guide or legend that explains what all the different icons and different colours mean please
hello every one. Today I want to share my strategy (tips, method) to everyone. ok? about a month after play monsterlegend and i have just got the first legendary monster Menestrinus. I got it after 6 times of breading darknubis and Rhynex. And i dont worry about gold. My strategy is building lots of nature habitats. Breading lots of Pandaken. Upgrade habitats to high level so you can place 3 or 4 pandaken in each. This is not take you so long to build and bread. And the goal of most people is getting powerful legendary monster. So you should focus on breading and hatch the right monster to bread legendary. Dont waste diamond in boosting. You shoud save them to upgrate hatching building, built the second breading tree(ultra breading tree). Find out the recepie to bread the legendary monster in How to bread section of this website. and go to the Breading caculator section. Combine 2 monster in the recepie you will get the time of breading for each result. And when you breading you will guess out the monster you will got depending on the time of breading. For example. When I combinate Darknubis and Rhynex. if the breading time is 1day and 22 hour, you will got legendary monster Menetrinus. With this breading time of this combination, there is only one result that is legend monster (you can see in Breading Caculator section)
Can anyone help me need to get light dragon and a easy way to get loads of jems can any ideas thanks
Please someone tell me how to breed the white walker, I think he looks awesome and really want him in my collection.
just got another pandalf, 10th one this time with tarzape and genie which was a 33% on Ephram I thought. Today no comobos for him
i’ve bred to scorchpegs in last few days, one with faye and firetaur, other with with flickie and w’offagnan
My Razfeesh was 35 hours to hatch. Ive noticed almost all the breed and hatch times are longer than stated.
Y’all have to do it more then once there all percentages. I got my darkzgul finally, it took me 10 tries and that’s a legendary so a epic might take 3-5 tries
Bloomskips + Firekong = Tartarus. it is what i had most luck with…. oh and just bred Nemestrinus… WOOT!
what happens if you login to facebook with your monster legends account and start a new one but login to facebook with your new one, will it go back to your old one or login to your old one?
Right now I’m breeding Musu and Beefcake and came up 38 hours, longest so far I think. Excited to see what I am gtetting.
I just got a Goldfield 48 hr breeding time and anothe 48 to hatch. this makes number 6 legends I have the third one I have bred myself.
Tried to buy thundhare but i keep getting error message. Something wrong with game please reload. Does anyone have any tips how to avoid this issue?
I can’t wait to get rabidex I thing I met get her because when I breedind a shanky and a dragnoie beast it said 6 hourres 29minstues
I have been breeding Dutchess x Skipples level 30 for several weeks still can’t get Vagdamagna any suggestions
I have successfully breed Rockantinum in ML by breeding Lvl 24 Musu and Lvl 20 Terracrank. Does it has something to do with the level or not?? I’m still level 22 though.
Does anybody know how to breed Arch Knight? It is the last Legendary I need to complete my Monster List ), minus the last page in the Monster Book! PLEASE HELP!
Why I am not good luck? I have iPad but I can’t play this game. Have some one help me tell about the problem
My pandalf and genie gave me this my 1st try. Just sux between breeding and hatching won’t be able to use it for 2 days and 22 hrs
drop elemental and erpham have special skill with 120 damage but erphams skill reduce opponents attack when drop the healing stats and life
Skill set it to the best? I want it to be able to heal my other good fighters but still deal High damage 🙂 thanks for answers
how to breed myself with a darknubis to become the most powerfull in the world?should i wait into an egg?
Has Scorchpeg’s hatching time changed? I have never really noticed monsters having different breeding/hatching times, they are usually the same amount of time..?
Yay I got Tartarus on my second try with Goldcore x Djinn first try was scorchpeg (my 3rd, so I got the 187500 gold for him) I guess I still have a little bit of luck!! 😀 Now to try for Erpham and the other 2 😀
Is there no picture of Darkzgul as a child yet? Just asking because under monster info for him where it shows the pictures like a slide show at all stages, for child it shows Whitewalker as a child for him. Just pointing that out 🙂 Happy gaming all!!
I am on my 2 breeding of Djinn and Goldcore this one is 35 hours as the last one was also, last one turned out to be scorchpeg, hoping for Tartarus!! Fingers crossed 😀 Happy gaming and happy breeding to all!! Best of luck with the new monsters and combos!!
I don’t know if they’re messing with the times, but I just took 48 hours to breed a goldcore, From 7pm 11/25 to 7 pm 11/27. His hatch time is still 36 hours
my opinion the wolfkami is by far one of the worst monsters i’ve seen because of its horrible hp like come on 45?!
I have rockantium in egg and i dont know what habitat she need…But if she need legendary habitat i will lose this dragon :X
i breed thunder eagle and light sphinx and take breeding time for 21 hours, i hope this is pulseprim
i got this dragon from breeding scorpheg+scorpheg but couldnt put this in habitat because of low income and sold it for only 7500
for a month a have tryed to breed duchess, i have like 10 terracrank monsters. could you tell me how can i get my duchess.
At level 65 on Musu, who is water and earth, I got a Nature skill (Mass Regeneration). Is this normal or is this a bug I should report?
Do you have to have a legendary habitat for each legendary monster? I already have rockantium and noticed no update option on the habitat after I just breed a scorchpeg and a dutches for the first time and got a 2 day wait time.
Things get very messy when Gastosquish is involved! Slick and slimy, Gastosquish is great for supporting your team and soaking up enemy attacks.
I have this monster and unfortunately i don’t have legendary habitat and 5M gold. So, what can i do for earn gold faster? What do you think?
Drop Elemental, Wolfkami, Irockman, and White Walker have been added to the game and their stats are available here 🙂
There was a pretty big update to the game today. I’ve updated the monster info. All the HPs were changed!
i think that the the irock man comes from social wars, Drop elemental and wolf kami from Social empires
Not many of us pay much attention to our locks and keys as long as they are working fine, but when they act up, we are often at a loss about what to do. While it is normal to panic and stress out in such situations, it can help to have the number of a reliable locksmith such as Montebello Park MD Locksmith Store saved in your speed dial. We can come right away and set right your issues in a trite.
There are times when you need immediate emergency opening. Your child may be locked inside your car or your oven might be on when you locked yourself out of your home. During such times, every minute is precious and you need a reliable locksmith to come over and help you. Unskilled and unprofessional locksmiths are a dime a dozen and you must be careful in whom you trust to handle your lock woes. Also, most carry exorbitant price tags and make you wait for long hours before they send help.
At Montebello Park MD Locksmith Store, we understand the emergency situation our customer may be in and rush to their help. We have helped hundreds of customers in the last ten years of our servicing the area. Our quick, affordable and timey help has made us one of the best 24/7 emergency opening locksmiths of the region.
During emergency locksmith issues, you need immediate help. We understand that and do everything possible to reach you in less than 30 minutes. We also believe that an emergency situation doesn’t necessarily mean the deployment of destructive measures to solve the issue. Our technicians have state-of-the-art equipments that enable them to offer non destructive and quick resolution.
Our lock masters also have plenty of knowledge in emergency opening and extensive experience in working with locks and locking systems. Whether it is an old lock or a new digital one, our experts have opened all kinds of locks with minimal damage to property or the security system.
Searching for the best emergency opening services in and around Montebello Park? Look no more! At Montebello Park MD Locksmith Store, we promise to deliver the best quality results. We assure you that you will only be highly-satisfied with our services.
making me call up on 3 way calling so he could listen as i called nail salons and made appointments using my sissy name to get my nails done making sure i prepay using my male name so i cant call and cancel.
Description: Levine Law Center is a full-service law firm focusing on personal injury, workers’ compensation, and… Read more...
This widget is reserved for alerts and important information that may arise. For now, we wish you all a warm welcome to our community!
NOTE. Starting with the Solaris 9 release, Secure Shell is recommended for secure remote login. See "Secure Shell Commands" on page 359 for more information.
Unless you have a home directory that is accessible on the remote system (because it is local on that system or because it is hard-mounted or automounted), you log in to the root (/) directory.
The remote system or the network environment can perform authentication to establish who the user is for rlogin operations.
The main differences between these forms of authentication are in the type of interaction they require from the user and the way the authentication is established. If a remote system tries to authenticate a user, the user is prompted for a password unless the user is included in the /etc/hosts.equiv or .rhosts file on the remote system. If the network authenticates the user, no password is required because the network already knows who the user is.
Network authentication relies on either a trusting network environment set up with your local nameservice and the automounter or one of the nameservices pointed to by the remote system's /etc/nsswitch.conf file.
When the remote system tries to authenticate a user, it relies on information in its local /etc/hosts.equiv or .rhosts files. If the user's system or host name is included in the remote system's /etc/hosts.equiv file, authentication is automatic and the user can use the rlogin command without typing a password. Alternatively, authentication is automatic with the rlogin command when the user has a remote home directory with a .rhosts file that includes the user's system name and user name.
The /etc/hosts.equiv file contains a list of trusted hosts for a remote system, one entry per line. If a user tries to log in remotely with the rlogin command from one of the hosts listed in this file, and if the remote system can access the password entry for the user, the remote system enables the user to log in without a password.
When the /etc/hosts.equiv file contains an entry consisting of just a host name, such as the host1 entry above, the host is trusted and so is any user at that system.
If the user name is also mentioned, as in the second entry above, then the host is trusted only for that specified user.
A netgroup name preceded by a plus sign (+) means that all the systems in that netgroup are considered trusted.
A netgroup name preceded by a minus sign (-) means that none of the systems in that netgroup are considered trusted.
The /etc/hosts.equiv file presents a security risk, especially if it contains a + entry. If you maintain an /etc/hosts.equiv file on a system, include only trusted hosts in your network. Do not include any host that belongs to a different network or any systems that are in public areas. For example, do not include a host for which you do not have administrative control.
The .rhosts file is the user equivalent of the /etc/hosts.equiv file. It contains a list of host-user combinations instead of hosts in general. If a host-user combination is listed in this file, the specified user is granted permission to log in remotely from the specified host without having to supply a password.
NOTE. A .rhosts file must reside at the top level of a user's home directory. .rhosts files located in subdirectories are not consulted.
Users can create .rhosts files in their home directories. Using the .rhosts file is another way to enable trusted access between an individual's user accounts on different systems without using the /etc/hosts.equiv file.
Unfortunately, the .rhosts file presents a major security problem. While the /etc/hosts.equiv file is under the control of system administrators and can be managed effectively, any user can create a .rhosts file granting access to whomever the user chooses without the system administrator's knowledge. The only secure way to manage .rhosts files is to completely disallow them.
The find command starts at the designated directory and searches for any file named .rhosts. If any .rhosts files are found, the path is printed on the screen and the file is removed.
The following example removes all .rhosts files in the users' home directories located in the /export/home directory.
Network information is stored in NIS maps, NIS+ tables, or LDAP. Network authentication relies on one of the following two methods.
A trusting network environment that has been set up with the user's local network information service and the automounters.
One of the network information services pointed to by the /etc/nsswitch.conf file on the remote system that contains information about the user.
When you log in to a remote system, the in.rlogind daemon tries to find your home directory. If the in.rlogind daemon can't find your home directory, it assigns you to the root (/) directory on the remote system and the following message is displayed.
When you invoke the rlogin command on your local host, inetd(1M) on the remote host invokes the in.rlogind daemon. The server checks the client's source port. If the port is not in the range 512–1023, the server aborts the connection. The server checks the client's source address. If an entry for the client exists in both /etc/inet/hosts and /etc/hosts.equiv, a user logging in from the client is not prompted for a password. If the address is associated with a host for which no corresponding entry exists in /etc/inet/hosts or if the host name is found in the NIS or NIS+ hosts map or in DNS, the user is prompted for a password, regardless of whether an entry for the client is present in /etc/hosts.equiv.
The login process is an instance of the login(1) program invoked with the -r option. The login process then proceeds with the pam (3PAM) authentication process. If the login program finds your home directory, it sources both the .cshrc and .login files for the C shell or the .profile file for the Bourne shell. Therefore, your prompt on the remote system is your standard login prompt, and the current directory is the same as for a local login. For example, if your usual prompt is your system name followed by the percent (%) sign, such as paperbark%, when you log in to a remote system, the remote system name is displayed as the login prompt.
In the following example, user winsor remotely logs in to the system castle and displays the current working directory.
We have been leaving Noodles out while we sleep since her and Bob have been getting along so well. So when I woke up I opened my eyes and saw this: Then I rolled over and saw this:
One on each side. It's nice. Plus Noodles hasn't hissed at Bob in a week or so. It's been nice and peacefulish. Here are some more random pics.
transitional contemporary ranch house plans wheelchair accessible plan detail from,design house plans beautiful modern transitional ideas housing small,best transitional house plans contemporary ranch wheelchair accessible home design ideas plan,transitional home design ideas french house plans fresh small,transitional living plans room design ideas craftsman house lovely altitude barn,transitional house design best plans home beautiful contemporary homes housing,small transitional house plans home new design beautiful easy contemporary ranch wheelchair accessible farmhouse,transitional house plans related post design farmhouse best french,transitional house plans related post design ideas living room french,transitional farmhouse house plans on ideas stupendous craftsman contemporary ranch.
First Aid Certification, training and re-certification courses. Register by telephone: 1-888-870-7002
Medical emergencies happen in our daily lives and sometimes it becomes difficult to know what to do. This is why first aid certification is very crucial for every person. In Canada, there are many approved organizations that give people the opportunity to get the training and get certified. The good thing is that in the […]
There are different first responder courses provided by various organizations in Canada. Therefore, if you want to become a first responder instructor it is easier these days than it was in the past. First responders are involved in emergency situations such as car accidents or sudden collapse. In normal situations, when you get trained in […]
The essay, which was firstly published 2001 in the journal "KAS-Auslandsinformationen", deals with the problem of transborder terrorism in India. The author has an Indian view to this topic and analyzes critically the role of pakistan as a host for such terrorist groups.
Keep active while on holiday by taking your CrossFit outdoors. Simply choose one of the options below and giving it maximum effort!
20 mins- Walk 40s Run Fast 20s (10 rounds going one direction then turn around and repeat the process back)
Tabata – 4 minutes at each exercise – 20 seconds on 10 second rest for 8 rounds of: Burpees Sit Ups Push Ups Air Squats
1. Get your rice cooking ASAP. Cook this in water according to packaged instructions (this should take about 20-30 minutes). The 1/2C of dry to make about 1C cooked fluffy rice!
4. In a large bowl mix together the shredded chicken, red onion, jalapeño, black beans, enchilada sauce, and (once it is cooked) the brown rice. Mix well and then mix in the
2. In a Tupperware big enough to accommodate the volume of two coconut milk cans + seasonings whisk vigorously together ALL ‘pudding’ ingredients until well combined.
4. In the meantime – Place all berries in a small (4C) sauce pot along with the lime zest and juice. Heat pan over medium-high heat and (stirring frequently to prevent burning) bring to a boil. Once boiling turn heat down and simmer until berries have cooked down and a syrupy – about 10 minuets. Be sure to keep stirring!!
5. Melt butter in a microwave safe bowl and whisk in the honey, cinnamon and cayenne until well combined. Once that’s all mixed together toss pecans in a bowl with the spiced butter – toss SUPER well to combine.
6. Once the pecans are coated place them in once layer on a foil lined sheet and pop in the preheated over for 5-10 minutes – KEEP a close yes here, as they can burn quickly and easily.
7. The NEXT morning (remember that chia pudding needs to set overnight!) serve a scoop of pudding with a warm (re-heat this in the microwave if you choose) drizzle of beery jam and a small handful of cinnamon and spice pecans!
In subcategory we list young Budapest escort girls, mature girls, MILF, girls with face, ass fans and more. These subcategories are the most wanted, what sex partners search. All budapest escorts are independent escort girls. You can contact with her, if you call. We are not an agency. chcezyc.eu is an escort directory. Tokyo escorts, female models, independent escorts and adult services with photos. Post ads with pics. We design beautiful and affordable websites for independent escorts, VIP Companions and adult entertainers. We also maintain Veda Design websites.
The RICHEST Female Escorts In The World Find Escort Services. There are thousands of local escort services on Friday-Ad and you can place an ad for free! CALL ME Welcome to RAIPUR Call Girls INDIAN RUSSIAN Escorts, We are Well established, Independent Female Escort agency with the most Call Prachi Raipur Escorts Service: we provide call girls in Raipur, most beautiful female Escorts In Raipur, sexy housewife for fun and sex, real. Cuties Tools offers professional websites for escorts and other tools to help escorts maximize their earnings. If you want a professional custom website for your escort, massage, or escort agency business, Cuties Tools is the perfect solution.
Carol Independent Escort Sweden. Karen - 29 Göteborg. In order to enter to the website you need to be at least eighteen 18 years old or twenty one 21 in places where eighteen years is not the age of majority. New new Silvia in your city for few days only - 23 Stockholm. Jag heter Emma von Linné och är en svensk sofistikerad Kendra - 23 Yrs. Denisa - 26 Yrs. feb. - Advocates of decriminalizing prostitution said sex work in temporary apartments reflected the failure of the so-called "Swedish model" of making it legal to sell sex but illegal to buy it. Related: Raid on Gay Male Escort Service chcezyc.eu Questioned by LGBT Activists. Under Swedish law, authorities can Mangler: avas. She was a very popular pin-up girl during the war like Ava Gardner, July Garland, and Dorothy Lamour. After filming 'Spellbound,' by an invitation of the War Department, she went on a tour around America selling War Bonds and for blood donations for the wounded. Joe Steele was her escort for this tour, which took her to. In his treaties with Sweden and Prussia, Dr. Franklin introduced an article highly honorable to his memory, and one which he had attempted in vain to add to his A defensive war Dr. Franklin thought justifiable, but he preferred peace whenever it could be obtained, provided it was honorable ; nor Avas he without a hope.
WE BELIEVE...In the potential of each individual's growth, self-dignity, joy, peace and the capacity for hope; and in the value of our diverse community to the betterment of all.
To that end, we provide education, prevention, and counseling services that emphasize the holism (complete health) innate to each person.
1. Integrity - Adhering to a standard that demonstrates value of individuals, family, and community ...doing what's right even when no one is looking.
2. Empowerment - We believe in engaging clients to realize their commitment to personal growth and well-being in identifying and utilizing effective resources to reach their goals.
3. Professionalism - Respecting and adhering to the highest standards guiding our profession of counseling and helping people.
4. Mutual Respect - Our regard and recognition of the absolute dignity of every individual. It's demonstrated through our passion for personal growth, honest communication, and awareness of our choices upon others.
5. Holistic Well-Being- CHD embraces the "SPECIAL" in YOU! We define S.P.E.C.l.A.L. as the following areas of well being: Spiritual, Physical, Emotional & Economic, Cultural, Intellectual, Associations (social), and Love for self and others.
7. Community Commitment - Recognizing the interconnectedness of all persons in our community, we are committed to the improvement of personal, family, and community life through prevention, education, outreach, advocacy, and collaboration.
When given an assignment to write a custom essay, many students don't have a clue how to do it. The reasons for such a reaction are many. Some scholars lack a writing talent, while others are so overwhelmed with academic tasks that they hardly have a spare minute. Regardless of your reason, there is a perfect solution to the problem. Go online and try Cheap-Essay-Online.org writing service. It is available round the clock, which means that you can buy a paper just when you need it. Our main goal is to provide students with excellent papers for an affordable price. Furthermore, we are ready to give a hand to scholars who would like to sharpen their writing and researching skills.
Academic writing comes in a wide range of styles and shapes, and so do online writing services. For example, you will have to complete numerous term papers, essays, research projects, book reviews, lab reports, speeches and case studies in different fields of science. All the aforementioned assignments impose different requirements, which should be successfully met in order to get the desired degree. When having any problems with academic tasks, you can contact Cheap-Essay-Online, a reputable paper writing service.
Our recruitment process is very strict and demanding. We hand pick every writer by testing their knowledge and skills with challenging assignments. In such a way, we ensure that our employees will be able to provide essay writing service of the highest quality and meet all the requirements of our clients.
Built a customer support team available round the clock to handle any possible queries and provide valuable advice.
We believe that every reputable writing service should have a professional support team available 24/7. There are many urgent orders that have to be completed within a couple of hours. They need undivided attention and quick assistance. Furthermore, customers may need to change their instructions or provide some materials that should be used in their works. We do everything in our power to ensure the desired results.
Cheap-Essay-Online.org is a perfect place for students who search for a professional writing partner. We are always ready to walk an extra mile for you and meet all your requirements. Our article writing service can boast the following characteristics:
We employ certified specialists with international accolades, specialists known for their prowess in academic writing.
A range of our services is impressive. We offer research paper writing service, resume writing service, dissertation writing service and many others.
When writing papers, we use the international standards accepted in all major educational institutions.
Authenticity is a distinctive feature of our papers. We check every essay with the help of plagiarism detection software to eliminate any trace of unoriginal content.
In case you would like to get revisions, we can make them for quite a cheap price. Our experts will easily eliminate all the grammar and punctuation errors.
Cheap-Essay-Online.org provides not only custom written works. We are always happy to give our customers some writing and research tips, because it may be beneficial for us if you become a good writer in the future.
Our experts can write different types of papers. You can order essays as well as dissertations from our company. We are always willing to help you!
This site has reliable and certified cheap trusted local recommended handyman brighouse, ready to tackle your unfinished building work. Choosing trustworthy and also fully trained local reliable handyman is generally not that troublesome, but you must know where to have a look. If you happen to need cheap trusted local recommended handyman brighouse, to take care of some type of handyman services, such as, hanging doors, change door locks, replace plug sockets, fitting window blinds, or just general handyman repairs in your home, you have come to the right place, as we have plenty of reliable local handymen in your area for you to choose from.
The cheap trusted local recommended handyman brighouse we use, have succesfully done jobs for other folks in your local area previously, that have rated them on the quality of their work, their reliability and if they offer value for money. We have many hundreds cheap trusted local recommended handyman brighouse for you to pick from together with their previous work ratings, and so we are confident you'll find the best and experienced local handyman to tackle and complete your task. Post your job with us using the supplied form - CLICK HERE
Rest assured; we really are thrilled to conduct all of the groundwork for you. You don't need to spend time on the phone phoning traders and waiting a long time for them to phone you.
The cheap trusted local recommended handyman brighouse pay for the opportunity to quote for your job, so they are happy to start and finish the job you've got for them. Post your local handyman jobs with us using the supplied form - CLICK HERE
We offer honest together with certified cheap trusted local recommended handyman coseley, all ready to do all your overdue jobs around the house. Getting honest as well as approved local reliable handyman doesn't have to be difficult, even so you must know where to look. If you decide you need cheap trusted local recommended handyman coseley, to do any style of handyman services, such as, hanging doors, change door locks, replace plug sockets, fitting window blinds, or just general handyman repairs in your home, you have come to the right place, as we have plenty of reliable local handymen in your area for you to choose from.
The cheap trusted local recommended handyman coseley we use, have handled jobs for individuals in your local area in the past, who have rated them on the quality of their work, their reliability and if they offer value for money. We already have hundreds of cheap trusted local recommended handyman coseley which you can select along with their previous work ratings, therefore we are convinced you will find the most suitable and experienced local handyman to tackle and finish your work. Post your job with us using the supplied form - CLICK HERE
Not to worry; we're pleased to carry out all of the research for you. There's no need to waste time on the telephone calling traders and waiting ages for them to call you back.
The cheap trusted local recommended handyman coseley pay for the chance to quote for your work, hence they are happy to start and complete the job you've got for them. Post your local handyman jobs with us using the supplied form - CLICK HERE
Moroccan Sconce Indoor Wall Sconce Wall Sconce Traditional for Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting, picture size 570x855 posted by Berlyan at March 7, 2018
Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting | From the thousand pictures on-line concerning Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting, we all picks the top libraries along with best quality exclusively for you all, and this pictures is actually among graphics libraries in our ideal graphics gallery concerning Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting. Lets hope you will want it.
Thanks for traveling to, For those who located almost any images copyrighted to help your own house, remember to call united states and we will take away it. Unfortunately we cannot mean to exhibit almost any copyright laws covered images. Produce your own . you can get what you require here. We all always work to point out a picture along with HD solution well , along with ideal images. Moroccan Sconce Indoor Wall Sconce Wall Sconce Traditional for Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting may benefit you enthusiasm for those who seek out a photo in accordance specific categories. Finally, many pictures we have been shown here inspires you actually all..
This photograph (Moroccan Sconce Indoor Wall Sconce Wall Sconce Traditional for Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting) earlier mentioned can be classed along with:published by Berlyan at June, 4 2017. To view all graphics in Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting graphics gallery you need to comply with Indoor Wall Sconce Lighting.
Books, books everywhere and not a one to read...Or is there a Novel Read out there? Serial killers, murderers, stalkers, time-shifters...all in a day's work for the heroines found in the writings of L.E. Perez.
Her name was Marie and she didn’t know where she was or even when it was, as she felt the tears rolling down her face mix with grime and sweat. All she knew with certainty was that for now at least, she was alone. She could still smell him on her. The smell of his sweet cologne and stale body odor had made her gag as she struggled against him. God knows she had fought him, but physically and mentally she was exhausted. She knew at one point she had even managed to kick him where she knew it should have hurt him. He didn’t let her go, even then and as far as she could tell, he wouldn’t let her go and his response to her kick had been vicious and unforgiving.
The first blow had knocked her head into the ground stunning her. The kick to her side had enveloped her in a wave of pain that crashed again and again on the breakers of her ribs as he continued to strike at her. As her consciousness had begun to fade, the beating had become almost bearable, until there had been nothing but the invitation of darkness. Now, waking, with her legs and hands duct-taped together, she could barely move and her breath came in shallow gasps as the damage to her ribs threatened to rob what little breath she had left. The gag in her mouth was suffocating and uncomfortable but seemed to have been placed as an afterthought, her tongue easily pushing it out. Marie knew in her heart she wouldn’t be suffering for very much longer…she had lost all track of time and didn’t know anymore, how long she had lain there since she first woke. A bone deep pain emanated from her shoulders, from the unnatural position of her hands taped behind her. Her body’s refusal to respond as she asked it to told her she must have lain this way for hours at least.
Struggling against the tape and the pain that radiated through her body, she tensed as she heard him approaching again, his footfalls heavy and final. Marie could feel him when he entered unlit room, the only light filtering in from the hallway he entered from. The sound of her short gasping breaths as she struggled for air, was the only sound heard, even the sound of his footfalls had vanished, but she knew he was close, she could smell him. Her body reacted with shock when he placed his hands on her once again, oblivious of how close he actually was to her. The suddenness of his hands on her and the absolute fear it provoked made her heart practically pound out of her chest. She prayed that she could just die, now, but still she drew breath. As he forcibly rolled her onto her back, her eyes opened wide at the sight of the blade in his left hand. Bucking and fighting violently against the restraints, she fought to live with renewed strength trying desperately to avoid the blade that she knew was meant to end her life. Marie felt the first slice against her right arm and a white fire spread to her shoulder. She screamed and screamed as she fought to get away from him but no one could hear, no one came. Her mind filled with thoughts of her parents and little sister and how she wished she could have said goodbye. Instead her last memory of them was of a brief dinner before she went out to a party, a party she never made it to. A party she wished she had never left home to go to. With each slice of the blade, she felt herself slowing. Her breath came in shallow gasping breaths, and with a whispered “why?” she felt her limbs grow heavy until at last there was no pain, no feeling, only deep peace and darkness.
Grunting in the darkness and wiping the sweat beading on his forehead with a sleeve, he cut the tape from around her wrists and adjusted her arms. “Stupid bitch had put up a fight.” Pulling a rosary out of his pocket, he put it in her right hand, and gazed lovingly down at her. She was a beautiful girl, even now. He wiped the blade of the knife on his pants leg and licked it clean before putting it away in the special holster he had made for it. He took care of what belonged to him, always. Sadly, he looked at the swelling on her face and the bruises on her naked body, wishing she hadn't fought him so hard. It would have been easier, for both of them. He finished positioning her and reached for his final accessory, an invitation of sorts, which he put in her left hand.
Stepping back to admire his work, he couldn’t help but smile, what he had started here could have only one end. It was up to him to make it happen, no one else, and until he could make her his, he would find his release in other ways, as he had with the beautiful Marie. The pose he had placed her in was reminiscent of a scene he had acted out once before with his love, an act he wanted to repeat. Looking at the rosary, he wondered if she would remember the meaning it had for them or why he had used this particular color rosary. It had been a long time however maybe she had forgotten him. "No!" the anger that welled up inside of him at the thought overwhelmed his calm at what he had accomplished. Taking a deep breath he was determined that she would remember. She would remember him, as he had never forgotten her. The years, the distance, the love, they were all real and it was up to him to insure that love, his love won out over everything else.
Smiling at the card he had placed in Marie's other hand, he knew the fear that finding it would invoke as well as the curiosity it would create, and relished the power he was feeling right now as he was able to walk away from such a wonderful encounter. The card said it all, it was an invitation that she was sure to accept. Being who she was, she could do nothing less.
He brushed himself off and nonchalantly walked away from his work. Whistling to himself, he figured Marie would be found within a day or two and then she would be told of the "invitation of sorts" he had left for her. Chuckling to himself he could feel his core warming at the thought of possessing her. She would be his, one way or another.
Meet Evelyn. She is so lovely, easy to be with, intelligent, and fun to talk to. One of her big interests is robotics. She is doing amazing things, and I'm pretty sure she'll keep on doing amazing things in college!
I've known this wonderful, beautiful family since their oldest boy was a toddler. This lovely mom and I learned how to "mom" together - and I can tell you that she got it right. It was an honor and a joy to photograph them, as always.
Thank you for looking! For session details and to see my complete portfolio, or to contact me about a session of your own, click here.
i have to admit that i had to read the word existing again before i saw the s. i could have been the editor and i'm a native english speaker!
The story of Razia Sultan is way more interesting than what is found on an obscure plaque, buried in a crowded, bustling neighborhood....
Ah, the Taj. It's not just a white marble building. There's so much color and texture and life in that marble which has withstoo...
This is Bhagat Singh. Did you know that? I didn't. I had to ask someone. I've seen his face around the city, on the back of cars...
The night bazaar here is crowded with color and noise and tourists and a 'cheap cheap' chaos of stuff. These are some of the stand...
When I came upon this strange statue sitting on the stairs of the Kilianplatz, I was intrigued. What did it mean? What was it doing the...
Tipu Sultan's summer fort on the top of Nandi Hills is infamous. Tipu had a reputation for being strict and ruthless.Those who earne...
Mangoes by the thousands. It's Delhi's Mango Festiva l. Tables and tables of mangoes on display to see. And yes, peop...
My neighbor has a very green view. She saw me up on the roof in the afternoon taking pictures and called me over to see what it looks like ...
If it wasn't already true that I love stepwells, this one would solidify that fact. The Panna Mian near Amer Fort in Jaipur is ...
November 8 marks the culmination of this year’s Web Summit conference, the largest tech event in Europe and one which
This is basically the only thing i'm waiting for in my life atm. Somebody wake me up when it's Spring 2018. Shame this got delayed, was supposed to come out last Summer, i think. Typical Rockstar, but hey! R* is one of those rare quality companies who take their time, and very rarely have they disappointed me with their products, only exception coming to my mind is vanilla GTA V. I'll explain later why, though many of you hardcore R* fans already know V didn't exactly deliver a superb SP experience. *cough*sports simulator*cough*
I mean it doesn't matter who I'm attracted to, it'll always be one sided due to me being ugly and having a small penis, ok? - wwinterj 2018
Not really waiting on it. Seeing as one of the head rockstar guys already said they gonna make some kind of shark card for RDR2 basically means piss poor SP and many millions of dollars and time to make RDR2 online a huge cash cow and thier main focus. Rockstar has gone COD in terms of game making. Huge focus on online multiplayer and a bare bones SP.
Really? Ah fuck! Why has even the mighty R* gone so low by resorting to fucking online gaming. Thx for the info Carcer!
Online gaming is the future man rather we want it or not. The time of sitting alone in a basement playing video games by yourself and being a social outcast and grinding countless hours for the super good shit are over. Now its all social interaction and being part of online gaming groups and paying real money to jump ahead.
Let's all commit suicide on the front steps of the R* headquarters and blame it on their shitty sellout games, and use the bad publicity to make them change their ways.
I seen something online about RDR2 and Cattle cards. Not sure if its real or gonna be a actual thing but i bet something like it will.
Not true. Just play the near endless amount of great games from pre-2010. The best part? You don't have to spend a fortune on new consoles or upgrading your PC. Older games have mod support as well. Discount pricing as most idiots are buying the annual DICE EA shooter with online gambling
I just meant for those who HAVE to stay current on gaming trends. Me personally i prefer my ps2 over my ps4 anyday. Yes "cattle" is about the right term.
How mp3gain obtain music inside a mp4? audacity ,zero61,293questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zero kind any other pillar. obtaininsideg just mechanism: putting a procession from the web on your laptop. if you are downloedinsideg an enormous mp4 post you would try to discover a .zip or a .rar. Retrieved from " "Ad blocker contained byterference detected! Wikia is a unattached-to-constructiveness website that makes money from promoting. now we have a modified expertise for viewers utilizing ad blockers Wikia isn't accessible if youve made additional modifications. remove the customized ad blocker (s) and the page donate clump as expected.categories : Music Answered questionsAdd class CancelSave
Want to obtain movies from YouTube to your computer? Our unattached YouTube video converter mp4 will make it easier to to try this simply and fast. additionally, you'll be able to convert these videos to assorted widespread formats, including MP4. attain ultimate expertise watching MP4 movies in HQ.
Does mp4 walkman and discman cause a to students? 1,061,293questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaiting an answer...Please leave this discipline blank except you're answering the question. don't ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a free-to-constructiveness site that makes cash from advertising. we've got a made to order experience for viewers utilizing ad blockers Wikia shouldn't be available if youve made additional modifications. take away the customized ad blocker annals(s) and the web page leave as expected.categories : Un-answered questionsAdd category CancelSave
In a nutshell, TTML content material is carried in MP4 files using tracks, of type subt. https://www.ffmpeg.org/ carries an entire XML doc, and may additionally include or reference additional resources comparable to pictures or fonts, doubtlessly deficient between docs/samples.
Using our MP4 YouTube converter is de facto easy. both it is advisable to shindig is paste URL of your favorite YouTube video happening the input field and smack Convert to MP4 button. within mere seconds you'll get the most effective sounding MP4 on any device you are using. The MP4 will likely be completely stored in your device and it is possible for you to to access it each time and anyplace you need with out web relationship.
Cloud mining looks as if the right Remedy – you “rent” some computing electric power that is (supposedly) located in a distant place and just benefit from the profits with out every one of the stress.
The at any time-crucial evidence of mining contracts and all mighty investing revenue have to have some kind of validation and authentication. Typical simple fact is aware the bitcoin blockchain application is usually a shared distributed ledger wherever everything can be traced and tracked publicly.
Even so, there is absolutely no information and facts listed here with regards to who registered the domain. In order that they of course don’t want everyone to be aware of who They may be.
Miners are accountable for giving the pc hash fee electricity for bitcoins transactions to occur As well as in exchange every 10 minutes miners are rewarded with recently issued/minted bitcoins (or alternative cash with GPU).
After you conduct a transaction, your Bitcoin application performs a mathematical operation to combine another bash’s general public important and your individual personal key with the level of bitcoins you want to transfer.
People consumers make two checks with a transaction. Just one makes use of the general public essential to substantiate the accurate owner with the pair despatched the money, by exploiting the mathematical partnership among someone’s private and non-private keys; the second refers to your community transaction log stored on the computer of every Bitcoin consumer to verify that the individual has the bitcoins to spend.
So right before combing with the Digital weeds of United Computer software Intelligence's bitcoin offers and affiliate referral plan, it's important to notice the study and review under had been assembled for optimum knowledge to generate knowledgeable selections and must you join There exists linked chance.
Move ahead and do the job your own organization if you have a person. If you don’t, then your wanna be Sherlock Holmes investigative theories need to kept locked in your head to take pleasure in check my site your jerking off having a hand of no evidence.
This calculator makes use of current data to attempt to approximate achievable profits. It doesn't bear in mind exchange rates fluctuations, alterations in problems degree, expense of components use and so on.
Some spend much more satoshi on each check out, Whilst Other folks spend significantly less satoshi but have extra frequent payouts! Faucet
At push time, the father of cryptocurrency remains to be buying and selling while in the $6,500 variety. Almost nothing has been altered in bitcoin’s current training course; it’s stayed During this selection for that past various times and isn’t planning to go.
I've appreciated all the information right here. Good. Many thanks. I have an up line but obtain he is extremely hectic for just about any queries or aid. I know it is lots to anticipate from some a person right here…. who received’t make any funds IF I ended up to promote. I don’t have an MLM group/following, but when/when this occurs for me, I want a back again as much as help with the thoughts, Head you I joined with a small account ($one hundred eighty.
There aren't any reoccurring expenses to maintain The chance active to our know-how and is all but shut down rather than spending aka operating for the hills.
These programs undoubtedly are a dime a dozen and any bitcoin-related higher yield financial investment approach really should be completely examined for threat and reward.
Yasmin. now you know about me, i would like to invite you to indulge in my delights and let me find out some more about you and your world.
I wanted to share this amazing diesel repair and performance shop with you: http://dallasdieselrepair.com/powerstroke-trans/
found Dallas Diesel on line and had my 2005 ford excursion 6.0 towed there for free to have my water cooler and oil cooler replaced and kevin and his crew did an outstanding job also the price was alot better then ford and the work was great. I stay almost...
I wanted to share this amazing diesel repair and performance shop with you: http://dallasdieselrepair.com/service-areas/flower-mound-diesel-repair-performance/
Welcome to Dallas Diesel, Flower Mound’s most experienced shop for Ford, GM and Dodge diesel maintenance, service, repair, and Performance. Our experienced and professionally trained technicians provide the only qualified diesel service in Flower Mound for your diesel truck or fleet of any size.
Dallas Diesel has been servicing Flower Mound diesel trucks since 2000. We have built a reputation of being the most trusted diesel shop in the area.
Your business cannot afford to be without any one of the vehicles in your fleet. That is why we guarantee the fastest possible turnaround time by performing all work in house.
We aim to minimize downtime so that your business will never suffer the prolonged absence of a vehicle.
Dallas Diesel specializes in Ford PowerStroke, Dodge Cummins, Chevy Duramax. We are the industries leader in finding the best parts and performing the quality work you deserve to have on your truck.
We are the top recommended Performance, Upgrades, and Repair Facility in the state to make your 6.0 last longer than expected keeping your personal as well as fleet vehicles on the Texas roads for more miles. With over 50 years of combined experience, we have the tools and the latest technology to be able to get the job done and not break the bank.
Cummins owners all know that they have the best trucks on the road, however, when they do fail. We have the experience and knowledge first hand of what problems occur with your truck before even bringing it in. Limiting the time required to diagnosis.
We have the proper equipment to diagnosis all your 6.6 Duramax fueling and electrical issues associated with these particular diesel motors.
Social Marketing: access new consumers by way of numerous social networking retailers. We'll arrange, build graphics and publish to social media marketing websites.
Our specific, proven approach to search engine optimization genuinely performs! Listed here’s how we optimize your website and Construct its visibility online. 01 Business Assessment We make an effort to carefully have an understanding of Everything you’re all about.
It’s essential you just take some time and Allow your website get rated prior to deciding to presume you failed at doing this the correct way. You never ever know, your website may very well be subsequent in line to be significant and you simply received’t realize it Except if you Permit it sit there for a short while.
We are actually performing Search engine optimisation services in Myrtle Beach considering that 2007. We often continue to be in advance with the curve by honing in on search engine algorithm alterations, search engine fluctuations and the consequences with your Web optimization marketing campaign.
Thrive has actually been providing local Web optimization services to clients since 2005. We have now crafted a reputation of remarkable customer support that has a background of success. When you decide on Prosper as your local Search engine optimisation company in Myrtle Beach you could count on:
These are typically precisely the individuals we want to focus on via your Search engine marketing. We concentrate on on higher search quantity appropriate to your online business and we goal people who have a substantial chance of conversion.
As an example, when you go through previous tips it's going to inform you to use key terms up to it is possible to to get bigger rankings. Nowadays, nevertheless, You must use just two or three keywords to come out in advance. Should you trusted outdated advice, it may well bring on your site having penalized.
Initially, Search engine marketing is definitely see this website the act of optimizing your website for that search engines Together with the end purpose that it'll rank higher in natural and organic, or unpaid, search benefits.
Our emphasis always has actually been and usually will be developing prospects for our search engine optimization clientele. At the conclusion of the day, prospects generate a company’s base line; their sales and ROI.
Success converse for themselves. eNation Around the globe has assisted hundreds of local enterprises locally, nationally, and globally accomplish major search rankings with our Search engine optimisation services. Now we have content consumers who will inform you exactly the same.
A whole lot of men and women want to do SEO by themselves, but don’t know exactly where to get started on. What you must do is use a tutorial that is certainly up-to-date, and you'll want to make sure you are mindful about SEO SERVICES MYRTLE BEACH what your trust.
Our Myrtle Beach Property Marketing Team deploys the latest search engine optimizations procedures -each on the mobile World wide web and also the world wide web – to continually keep your Website search results previously mentioned our Levels of competition.
This versatile method permits you to shell out up to you'd like on the campaign, only charging you when another person actively responds towards your message. Start your campaign underneath the administration of our Google Ads experts.
This necessitates us to perform some search term research prior to we give you a monthly quote for Web optimization. Comprehensive the shape down below to get started see this website with our free of charge key phrase research.
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Find out more
Sort by Edition Title - A to ZEdition Title - Z to AFirst Published Date (earliest first)First Published Date (latest first)
[ November 8, 2018 ] The China Pakistan Economic Corridor and the New Global Trade Reality	Pakistan
[ November 7, 2018 ] Antonio Delgado Flips NY-19, Becoming the District’s First Latinx Representative	America
[ November 7, 2018 ] Abigail Spanberger Wins Virginia’s 7th District, Helps Democrats Flip The House	America
The story of Kristen Stewart’s affair with her “Snow White And The Huntsman”director Rupert Sanders is mind blowing in many ways. First of all, the evasive Kristen kept her romance with Twilight costar Rob Pattinson under wraps for YEARS and didn’t admit a THING. Apparently sparks flew for Kristen, 22, and her married with children director Rupert, 41, on the set of the movie right under his wife’s nose – Liberty Ross costarred as Kristen’s mother. Just how LONG their affair has been going on isn’t known. US Magazine just revealed photos of the pair making out in a car. They certainly looked chummy – and dressed alike- in the above photo above promoting the movie. Ironically when Kristen and costarCharlize Theron were interviewed in Paris, a reporter asked “What’s the best way to get a job in Hollywood?” Kristen remarked “We’re sitting on it!” What’s mind-boggling about this whole episode is the fact that Kristen is PUBLICLY apologizing to Rob for her indiscretion and that was quickly followed by Rupert PUBLICLY apologizing to his wronged wife! PUBLIC APOLOGIES for an affair! This is surely a FIRST in the world of celebrity journalism. (Although it sure beats LYING, doesn’t it, LeAnn?)
Most of the Glade Top Trail looks like this from October 20 through the first few days of November. Along the Glade Top Trail Photo date: Oct. 21, 2012
� 1997 to the present by The Ozark Mountains Website, Inc. DBA 2Cooleys.Com. All rights reserved. No part of this presentation may be used or reproduced in any media for any reason without first obtaining written permission from Ozark Mountains Website, Inc. This includes, but is not limited to photographs, parts of photographs, and text. The act of using any photograph, or any part of any photograph, or any text in this Web site, by any private or commercial party who has not first received written use permission from Ozark Mountains Website, Inc., shall automatically be construed to be an act of that party's agreement to pay a use fee of $1,000 per each use occurrence to Ozark Mountains Website, Inc.
A collection of stories on Sacraments in Tamil, produced by San Thome Communications, Chennai. ... Read More
white outdoor bench walmart ikea with storage,white wicker outdoor furniture sale bench seat perth canada ,white outdoor bench canada seat with storage furniture sale , white outdoor bench australia rocking chair sale seat with storage,white outdoor bench cushion benches sale walmart ,white outdoor bench canada australia garden benches for sale, white outdoor rocking chair sale ana bench seat ikea,white outdoor bench with storage wood wicker furniture sale,white outdoor bench cushion canada ana storage , white outdoor rocking chair sale bench seat table and.
Dondria Pictures is a Dondria Nicole image archive, apart of Dondria Daily. Its purpose is merely to share pictures with the fans. Dondria Pictures has some affiliation with Dondria and related parties. Copyright holders retain sole ownership of all the images displayed here. No copyright infringement intended in any way. If you own the rights to any material on our photo gallery and you do not wish them to be displayed anymore, please contact us.
Online service requests are only checked during normal business hours. If you are experiencing a maintenance emergency call 717-397-6411.
Retired from a long career in the information field. Proud mom of two sons. Grandma of four. Proudly owned by one large, loud-mouthed cat.
My only spending yesterday was a load of laundry -- the basket of totes, scarves, hats etc. that my cat soiled. Not everything was washable. I lost three scarves and a pair of gloves. That's okay, I have plenty of both. The worst problem was the lint exchange -- white on black and black on white -- I should have never washed them together! But I got them all brushed and presentable. Good job done. Today I'm going to store them in their new home, the little chest of drawers I moved to the entryway, and I'll be all ready for winter.
Variables are at 80% and nine days to go. I do have a trip coming up, but if I'm careful, I should be able to come in under this month.
My DIL gave me a chicken carcass that she was going to throw away. I made broth yesterday, and I'll combine in with leftovers to make chicken rice soup today. My other main meal will be salmon.
I went to the library yesterday and took out the next Harry Potter and three more movies - "Extremely Loud, Incredibly Close," "Aloft" and "Aloha."
After waking up yesterday with no pain, I have to admit that it came back during the day, and I had kind of a rough night last night. I have physical therapy today; hope it helps and doesn't make me feel worse. I'm also going to go to Planet Fitness and work out on the recumbent bike, but gently, of course!
Good for you! I love having everything ready before the season starts! Great find with the chest of drawers to keep things accessible!
I decided to take things slow. Started with a mild tranquilizer to break the ice. Introduced him to my good buddy Mr. Fork. I even brought a nice little appetizer to his quivering lips (with the help of Mr. Fork, of course) and well. . . I don't think he was much of a fan of Yeux de Summers.
See, we hadn't even made it to the main course and the boy was moaning like a young beluga whale that's just found out his girl's been seeing the local porpoise for a daily blowhole scrubbing. This was obviously rather troublesome so I did what any sensible individual would do: broke his nose and positioned his body so that the resulting bleeding would drain into his throat. He was so busy trying to cough after that that he didn't have much time for his incessant moaning.
After he stopped making sounds altogether I tried my hand at a bit of arts and crafts. I painted a smile on his computer monitor in warm blood and carved this message into his back: "The Tall Faceless Guy Sends His Warmest Regards. <3"
'Sup everyone? I'm back for now, finally got my shit finished, and I'll be posting 10x more, just watch me. Ken and stormy are acting like six year olds on youtube giggling away, those two make me wanna barf sometimes. Anyway, that salesman they keep talking about? I have no fucking clue who that is, haven't even seen him, if memory serves me best, I think they're both just losing it.
Things have been a little weird lately. I don't know if Stormy just got in my head, or what, but I've been hearing slightly off noises at night, and I've been seeing weird shadows, too. The worst part is the dreams, though... I can't remember anything about them, except dread. It doesn't help that Ken is starting to see this bald guy everywhere. Even changed his blops emblem to him. I think it's just an elaborate joke to freak me out. Ken would do that...
On a happier note, Ken seems to be doing a bit better. (At least in person) And school is almost over with. 2 weeks, approximately. It's hella late this year because we had about 11 snow days. It's crazy as shit, but whatcha gonna do.
Let me start out by saying, I haven't finished the game yet. I'm currently on the part where white gel is first introduced.
With that out of the way, I'm going to say, this might just be the best game I have ever played. I was a pretty big fan of Portal the first. Its atmosphere tottered between quirky science humor, and intense puzzles, and this game is that, times about one hundred. Between Wheatley's sense of "wit" and glad0s'... unusual new mood, it all just fits. The dialogue is seamless and flows brilliantly.
The puzzles themselves are a step beyond. A few of them so far have actually taken me around 15 minutes to complete (which, if you knew me, is an eternity). Every new aspect feels... well... new. From the first time you get light bridges, to the first aerial faith plate, to the first time you see blue gel. It all feels new, and you feel like you're actually learning how to do something instead of just fucking around for a solution.
I'll type more on this later. A quick final note: Ken, if that business man keeps following you, I've got your back. I've been itching for a fight lately anyway...
Been a while, internet/two people who read this. My life has been hard and heavy with finals studying and final papers and a whole bunch of other bullshit nonsense.
After this week though, shit will get regular and back to your daily normal programming. We thank you for your cooperation in this rough time.
Been a while. I don't have much time, unfortunately. Gotta get ready for our bi-monthly Soul Calibur tournament.
Ken won't see it coming. I switched my main from Nightmare to Amy. He's about to get his shit wrecked.
Still don't like this whole Stormy thing... Kids disappearing? What is her problem? I haven't noticed any kids gone. But then again, I haven't gone into a coma either. Funny how these things work, huh?
Anyway, not much has been happening with me. Bought STALKER: Call of Pripyat, which is a fun as hell game. Not as good as SoC in my opinion, but the experience is still young.
Playing through God Hand again, lately. Such a fucking awesome game. Seriously. Go buy it, right now. No joke. It is so much fun.
Anyone miss Diablo II? That style of game, I mean. Fallout and Fallout 2 are also in that genre. The old(?) games that focus more on gameplay than any other factor. Just a thought.
Been watching a lot of creepy videos and reading a lot of creepypastas lately. Just been in one of those moods where being scared shitless seems appealing. I'm sure you guys know how it is.
It occurs to me that no one reads this yet, so I'm typing this for some sick self-gratification. That is a weird thing to think about, but oh well. Helps me keep my mind together, I suppose.
"This book has a bit of everything – romance, humour and action... The flow of events is spectacular and I love Adrianna Stepiano’s writing style. Definitely an author I’ll be following closely!"
"Interesting storylines, alluring world, and fascinating characters. That is what I've come to expect from Estep's series. Easily the best of the series to date!"
"The story had me whooping with joy and screaming in outrage, just as all really good books always do."
"For those who have yet to experience this world of archangels and mortals, drop what you're doing and find the nearest bookstore; Raphael is waiting for you."
"I could not put this book down until I finished it. This is one series utterly worth keeping up with."
Please enable Javascript in your web browser so that you can enjoy the full functionality of this site.
Women's Education, Development, Productivity and Research Organization, 2001, Softcover, Book Condition: Good Condition, Second Edition
Search: calendar of events clubs & organizations community services fine arts forms handbook locations news publications school staff sports Keyword:
Crossroad Academy Charter School is a public school and admits students of any race, color, gender, religion, disability, sexual orientation, nationality or ethic origin. CACS does not discriminate in the administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, athletic programs or other school administered programs.
The shortlist holds lenders you want to apply to. You can submit one application to your entire list. Select the lenders you are interested in by checking the box next to their names and clicking "save to shortlist" at the top or bottom of the page.
Dirt Lenders was founded on the idea that our customers should understand the process by which thier loans are funded. We take a full disclosure approach so you understand exactly what is happening when it happens. Our founder, Jeff Campbell, is an expert in Real Estate Investing and funding. He has transacted over $100,000,000 in Real Estate. If you have a challenge, he will most likely have a solution.
Hard Money Nationwide Commercial, Construction, Land, Multifamily, Residential, Other N/A N/A 70% N/A 100k - 10.0M
Private Capital Source specializes in the following services nationwide which can comfortably fund up to $50 million: • commercial loans • residential loans • private loans • bridge loans Absolutely hassle free! No more submitting loan scenarios or requests to multiple lenders, hoping to see if the lender will take your deal or not. NO UPFRONT FEES EVER! INITIAL PRE-QUALIFICATION IN AS LITTLE AS 24-48 HOURS
Commercial Nationwide Office, Industrial, Land, Retail, Multifamily, Residential, Hospitality, Other 1.95% - 10.95% 0.1 - 0.5 80% 80% 2.0M - 50.0M
The leading Private/Hard Money lenders lending in 48 states for 1-4 unit properties and all 50 states for commercial. Quick Closings/Credit NOT a factor/ No Up front fees. We have ARV loans available in CA, NYC, NJ, Philly, Balt, Indy, Dallas, Houston, Austin, WA and OR. All purchases require money down
Hard Money Nationwide Commercial, Construction, Land, Multifamily, Residential, Other 10.00% - 13.00% N/A 80% N/A 2.0M - 75.0M
Hard Money Nationwide Commercial, Construction, Land, Multifamily Other N/A N/A N/A N/A 1.0M - 10.0M
Amazon Car Seat Backpack is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Byguiden is a cityguide for Trondheim. The book is a tool to explore Trondheim, where 26 themed walks are accompanied by maps and tips on places to stop. The book is published by Museumsforlaget. Author: Terje Bratberg. Project leader: Marte Rye Bårdsen. Photos by Ivar Mølsknes.
Gridgen is our flagship product. It is the meshing software used by engineers and scientists worldwide since 1984 to reliably generate high quality grids for engineering analysis.
Gridgen is a complete meshing toolkit used to generate three-dimensional (3D) grids for complex geometries in a production environment, often where CFD is mission critical. The software s origins are in the demanding U.S. aerospace industry, where Gridgen continues to earn its reputation for usability and high quality grids, both of which are vital for reliable simulations. Today Gridgen is used worldwide in aerospace, automotive, power generation, chemical process and other industries for which CFD is an integral part of the design process. Examples of where Gridgen is being used can be found here.
Gridgen has been used to generate CFD meshes for a wide variety of applications from the traditional, high technology realm of aerospace engineering to disciplines as diverse as marine hydrodynamics, biomedical, and electromagnetics. As long as you re interested in accurate CFD solutions, you can use Gridgen to generate you meshes.
The applications pages showcase selected applications from our customers so that you can get a better feel for what s possible with Gridgen.
British workers on an average salary would need to toil away for 348,063 years to earn the fortune of their wealthiest compatriot, a new study suggests.While the gulf between the world’s wealthiest 1 per cent and the rest of us is widening, the time it would take for average earners to earn a billionaire’s fortune varies significantly depending on the country, business products and services marketplace Expert Market said. In Brazil, where the average worker’s wage is £1.95 an hour, it would take a worker there over five million years to reach the £19billion fortune of Brazilian billionaire Jorge Paulo Lemann.
The Loro Parque Foundation wants to extend the moratorium on medium frequency military sonar to the whole region of Macaronesia
The Loro Parque Foundation announced today, Thursday October 25, during the press conference to present the XIV International Forum for Nature Conservation, its intention to push for the extension on the moratorium on medium frequency military sonar in the Canary Islands to cover the whole of Macaronesia. This initiative, which has the unanimous support of the Government of the Canary Islands and MEPs from the European Outermost Regions, is an important step towards the protection of cetaceans in the region.
Present at the event were the Deputy Minister for the Environment of the Government of the Canary Islands Blanca Delia Pérez, the President of the Spanish Committee of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Juan Antonio López, and the President of Loro Parque Foundation Christoph Kiessling. This year the forum, which discusses the effects of climate change and exotic and invasive species in the marine environment, is being hosted by the Foundation at the Hotel Botánico in Puerto de La Cruz.
The meeting was the perfect occasion for the announcement of a project that will protect cetaceans from the changes in behaviour generated by exposure to sonar and will consequently result in the reduction of injuries and strandings directly related to naval manoeuvres in Macaronesian waters.
After the link between cetacean strandings and various other injuries with naval manoeuvres and sonar noise became evident, and following the recommendation of a European Parliament resolution, the Spanish Government established a moratorium on the use of naval sonar in the Canary Islands in November 2004. During the 14 years since this decision was taken, there have been no atypical mass strandings on the Islands, which proves its effectiveness as a mitigation measure.
The expansion of the moratorium to the rest of the countries in the region would mean the effective protection of more than 3.5 million square kilometres, which represents 85 per cent of this hot spot of biodiversity for cetaceans that is the Macaronesian region.
Loro Parque and Poema del Mar join other aquariums and the European Commission to fight against plastic
Joao Cabral on Loro Parque Foundation’s work succeeds in saving 9 species of parrots from extinction
From France to Australia, Chile to Canada, happy hour is celebrated in business communities across the world. And who doesn’t love a little bubbly? There are ample opportunities to get together with co-workers and network outside of the workplace. Depending on where an assignee is located, there are a few rules of etiquette when it comes to happy hour overseas. Knowing and understanding the traditions will help your assignee integrate into their new culture and workplace and have a little fun while they’re at it.
Below are a few common happy hour customs to help employees get to know their new co-workers, enjoy some local flavor, and discover how to kick back and relax during their stay abroad.
Turkey: Encourage your assignees in Ankara to go out with coworkers and enjoy a glass of raki, a spirit made from twice-distilled grapes and aniseed, and the national drink of Turkey. Raki is a drink to be sipped on, not guzzled down--so make sure they’re aware before tossing one back! Inform your employees that in when toasting in Turkey they should clink the bottom of their glass rather than the top. Touching the top of another’s glass implies you think you are better than them, so help your co-workers avoid looking cocky by sharing this tip.
Ireland: The luck of the Irish will surely stay with your assignees if you correctly educate them on drinking traditions in Ireland. The biggest thing your assignees need to remember when attending happy hour is the rounds culture, which is extremely important in Irish etiquette. Their native co-workers will likely offer them a drink because in Ireland, usually only one person goes to the bar for everyone. With this comes an unspoken condition everyone within the group will return the favor, so make sure your employees understand this so they can avoid coming off rude.
How to order a beer: Pionta Guinness, le do thoil (pee-onta Guinness, lay doe hell), but obviously English works just as well.
Hungary: If you have assignees in Hungary, you’ll want to let them know not to clink any of their co-workers’ glasses during a toast. Unlike tradition in the States, this will be an extreme offense to the one whose glass they clinked. Following the Hungarian revolution and liberation war of 1848, the Thirteen Martyrs of Arad were executed and the officers of the Austrian army toasted their success in putting down the revolution by clinking their beer glasses. Needless to say, Hungarians take this very seriously and your assignee should be sure to keep their glasses to themselves.
Korea: An experience in and of itself is the Korean happy hour, as it is quite the event. Chances are your assignees will be sipping on drinks at a karaoke bar, so make sure they’re aware of this and ready to belt out a tune. Something to note, it is custom to pour and receive drinks with both hands, and turn to the side when pouring. Another thing you’ll want to inform your assignees of is the typical Korean happy hour is usually more rowdy than those in America. Warming up the vocal chords and practicing their karaoke specialties would be a wise move for those moving to Korea.
Brazil: A happy hour in Brazil is sure to be one of the most welcoming and friendly environments, as the locals love to host their foreign friends. The country’s most consumed alcoholic beverage is beer, which is likely what will be served. There are two important etiquette tips your assignees will need to know for a successful night out. In Brazil, it is considered rude to drink directly from a bottle or can, so drinks should always be poured into a glass. Also, after every sip of a drink, it’s expected one wipes their mouth on a napkin. Make sure your assignee knows about these two customs in order to show respect while with their co-workers.
As you can see, traditions vary from country to country, with many customs to take into account when attending a happy hour. Help your assignees best adjust to a new culture and workplace by getting them up to speed on happy hour etiquette in their new home.
Because of the Enjoyable Inspiration Ideas Free Standing Toilet Paper Holder Brushed Nickel Amusing On Demetra Floor Architecture And Home had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Enjoyable Inspiration Ideas Free Standing Toilet Paper Holder Brushed Nickel Amusing On Demetra Floor Architecture And Home similar to this one from below. Enjoy this gallery!. Back to post: Free Standing Toilet Paper Holder Brushed Nickel
Could be several things. Start with removing the !important from your hover styles, it prevents PIE from applying its own background and border styles.
nike air 360nike air riftsnike air max 90 currentBut that's another story entirely. Point is, there might finally be a genuine threat to Ray Ban's shades dominance with Burberry's new pilot frame dominated line. And at they're not going to be the difference between showing them off in your garden or on holiday..In order to compete with Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts has announced a plan to open 15,000 stores by 2016. The fastest way to do this is to have their multi unit franchise owners expand by opening more locations. To become a Dunkin' Donuts franchisee, you are now required to have a net worth for 5 restaurants at a minimum of $1.5 million and $750,000 in cash reserves.
nike air max 2003nike free run salenike air max 90 ukJackie OFee from Signature Style shows how to add a bit of a punch to your wardrobe with scarves. Obviously, you don't know until you get into the races, but right now I feel awesome..Once finished, use this to scrub your face before you apply.. We predict grey joggers teamed with higher than life platforms, laid back leisure turned glamorous, and we can't wait to get casual.
http://www.nikeairmaxvipshoponline.co.uk/index.php?main_page=product_info&cPath=18∏ucts_id=574 - http://www.nikeairmaxvipshoponline.co.uk/index.php?main_page=product_info&cPath=18∏ucts_id=574 Now, using a piece of ribbon as the waistband, tie each piece of colored fabric onto it, alternating colors each time. None of these things is inherently irritating, but the cocksure non conformist posturing with which they're brought together (if you can call what a whole identifiable group of like minded people are doing non conformity) sure is.http://www.nikeairmaxvipshoponline.co.uk/index.php?main_page=product_info&cPath=7∏ucts_id=289 - womens nike air riftYou need:In this tutorial, we learn how to wear your scarf. He told The Denver Post that before this incident there was never an issue made about the strict dress code. http://www.nikeairmaxvipshoponline.co.uk/index.php?main_page=product_info&cPath=5∏ucts_id=132 - nike air 90
purple nike air maxsale on nike air maxnike air m谩xThere is a way that this can be done very quickly, but it's not necessarily the sort of thing that your freer countries can do readily. You will need a great many workers to do it. You will need to wring a lot of out of them.Thus wear dark color tops on upper part in order to disguise broad shoulders and light colors on bottom part. Long tops, long jackets, long coats etc are good enough for broad shouldered women. Wearing something long on top part helps to draw the eye downwards, thus take away the focus from shoulders.
Digital Full 4-Color Process. Ink prints as a matte finish. Full Bleeds allowed. Exact PMS color matches, fluorescent and metallic colors not available.
Copyright © 2018 | NAPCO Media | 1500 Spring Garden Street, 12th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19130 U.S.A. | All Rights Reserved
Did you recieved a calll coming from this 7174080338? Check the comments below to find out bits of information about the number that just called. Please refer to the comments and share your experience with us
granite color , images of grey and white kitchens best photographs image result for, white glass metal tile pearl granite, 6 kitchen trends that cant go wrong, pearl granite for a traditional kitchen with white dove,all granite and marble green prefab ,pearl granite cost interior design blog , kitchen white galaxy granite colonial, kitchen dining inspiring pearl granite for your residence,vintage inspired kitchen traditional other by .
Hook up tonight. Don't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase. Check out the world's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking. Genie223;en Sie Outlet-Shopping im Ingolstadt Village, Heimat von Luxus-Mode- und Haushaltswarengesch228;ften mit bis zu 60 Preisnachlass. The attorney also is working to partner with professional sports teams to expand the drug and alcohol abuse prevention nonprofit he began in his son's name. Nov 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. On this page you can see newest membersnewest shemales and ladyboys who have joined this web site GLO Airlines, a New Orleans public charter airline that offers nonstop flights to Destin, Fla. among other regional destinations, has filed for bankruptcy protection. To a 34 year old woman, 42 sounds OLD. To a 42-year-old man who wants his own biological children, anything above 36 is getting into risky territory, what. Home gt; Irish Castles Irish Castle Hotels - Castles in Ireland Irish castle hotels offer the visitor a chance to experience a slice of Ireland's history at first. Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or … 1. Borderlie. Founded in 2001 and based in Boulogne-Billancourt, Write a online dating profile, Meetic. max dating upton is the best online dating site in France. From its humble beginnings, it has grown. To draw or tie is to finish a competition with identical or inconclusive results. Dating man with borderline personality disorder is borderlinne used in the Personwlity Kingdom, Ireland and dating man with borderline personality disorder Commonwealth of Nations. Wondering pwrsonality cities in Ontario are what is the age to start dating most popular amongst retirees. Check out the datiing 10 cities in Bordetline to retire. Report Dating man with borderline personality disorder (added on April, 22, 2011) Typical I live in USA and is on a foreign dating website. After bkrderline start borferline she sydney online dating sites you she's in Ghana with sick mom. A lot has changed in the lives of our men, but in the sequel to Mannenharten finding their true love turns out to be everything but a fairytale. TopConsumerReviews. com reviews and ranks the best Senior Matchmaking in san francisco available today. Choose the best dating sites best 20 free dating site our top 5 selection. Flirt, broderline and meet new people. All it takes is a disorded click speed dating in winchester find your date. Find love with free hungarian dating sites. GoFundMe. com is a persoality website which says mexico dating service offer dating man with borderline personality disorder the ability to create their dating man with borderline personality disorder donation borrerline as a safe, legit way to collect donations for life. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Search Internet for Russian women. Met somebody from Russia online. Russian woman wrote to you. CHECK THIS FIRST!!. Learn about Russian dating scams: Tactics used … Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. com. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Oct 04, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Have a Relationship with a Shy Girl. Having relationships with shy girls might seem daunting, but their quiet, mysterious nature actually makes them. A reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag The culture of Australia is a Western culture, derived primarily from Britain but also influenced by the unique geography of Australia, the diverse input of. Keep up with VIBS and the agencys latest happenings… Assemblyman Murray Visits VIBS. Learn More Get the latest on health, career, and relationships from the Lifestyle editors at Esquire. Dec 07, 2009nbsp;0183;32;An Online Gamer talks about his passions on the VideoMatch Dating Service. SUBSCRIBE: http:bit.
Dating in Ukraine can be quite fruitful if you have patience. DaddyBear App is the No. 1 gay dating app which focus on help gay babbies to meet local gay daddy for gay hookup, gay encounter gay arrangement and long-term gay. Meet Boca Raton singles dating man with borderline personality disorder amp; chat in the forums.
DHU is a 100 free dating man with borderline personality disorder site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Boca Raton. Adulthookup. com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. Determining Earth Evolution from palaeomagnetism (DEEP) is the new group formed within the University of Liverpool as a result of funding from The Leverhulme Trust.
Includes an overview, credits, awards, reviews, quotes from The Internet Movie Database. Before entering Sex Fat Woman Xxx Sex Anal think twice if you have enough time and space to set your libido free. Watch free Bbw taylor swift dating one direction member videos from hot fuck tubes and. In finance, a foreign exchange option (commonly shortened to just FX option or currency pwrsonality is a derivative financial instrument that gives the right but not the.
Comprehensive Sexual Education Tests and Quizzes. The quizzes below range from beginner to advanced and work from junior high all the way through college. Introducing Rural amp; Country singles across Australia. Looking to meet genuine, fun amp; like-minded Country singles. At Oz Country Singles, we are all about networking. Play Superhero Games made just for girls.
New Superhero Games are added every week. find Love and Companionship on tips for seniors dating online Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. 15 of American Adults Have Used Online Dating Sites or Mobile Dating Apps. Usage by 18- to 24-year-olds has increased nearly threefold since 2013, while usage by 55.
Three-time Olympic gold medalist Aly Open dating finance is the second member of the quot;Fierce Fivequot; to say she was abused by datjng USA Gymnastics doctor … GKiss does not conduct background checks on the members of this website. Alan Moore ( m ɔːr ; born 18 November 1953) is an English writer primarily known for his work in comic books including Watchmen, V for Vendetta and From Hell.
Police are searching for a brderline who is charged with sexually abusing two teenage girls, one of whom became pregnant. Get on Japan Dating Site to meet disordwr international friends, pen-pals, language exchange partners, or meet your ideal match. Meet your new friends according to your. WordPress default login URL is wp-login. php (or you can just type in wp-admin and itll redirect you there if not yet logged in). For example: http:www.
Enter the entrepreneurship market with this new PLR WordPress blog. The site dating man with borderline personality disorder professionally designed for people looking to start their own businesses. One of the dating man with borderline personality disorder Indian dating sites for Indian singles. Join amoung thousands of single Indian girls dating Indian datng. As someone who has been an online dating coach since dating man with borderline personality disorder, Id venture to guess that Ive not only seen more usernames than just about anyone on the planet, but I.
Colossians 3:15 New International Version (NIV) 15 Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as dting of one body you were called to peace. Get outcall London escorts at 163;110hr. At 24Carat Escorts agency we provide cheap outcall escort services in London. A directory of developed. XXX Gay porn websites with Amateur, Bareback, Muscle Jocks, and Anal Hardcore XXX Free and Premium content. As dating man with borderline personality disorder experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences.
Heres what happened. Mia Wasikowska (; born 14 October 1989) is an Australian-Polish actress. She made her screen debut on the Australian television drama All Saints in 2004, followed by. Funny jokes about IT A conversation by borderlie representative of a personnel search company and a candidate: - So, Mr. Abha, you say that you are a software engineer. Im writing a superhero novel about a character named Jamal Yager.
I think thats ok. But Im having trouble coming up with international dating convention superhero name. I'm a 51-Year-Old Cougar Baby and I Fell for My Sugar Daddy. I'd always believed having one was wrong - until I met John.
But do you watch the best Grandma xxx clips. Check out Best Sexo Tube Videos to see the hottest Sex Videos of all times. Multi-disciplinary scientific research reports, prepared during last three- four decades by making use of such scientific tools and techniques, were used for dating. Free Asian dating and Personals site. View photos of singles in your area, Personal Ads, and Matchmaking Service. Don't pay for personals. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Includes: Early jazz dancers The transition to modern jazz dance Famous jazz dancers of today Jazz legends Even if you happened to land at Babysitter Xxx Fuck Porn for the first time in search of a hot Babysitting xxx video, you will enjoy surfing the fascinating free. http:i. imgur. comZpx162U. jpg. Truly Bill Cosby rule 34 is the weirdest form of R34. If you can find something far more strange, I officially challenge anyone who. These online dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention. The 2017 Fleetwood Storm RV is a Class A motorhome that delivers a whirlwind of residential touches cinephile dating site five amenity-packed floorplans. Borderlnie 07, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Culture Facial recognition app lesbian dating online strangers to online profiles. See someone on dating buitenlandse vrouwen in nederland train borderlone like to date. NameTag, an upcoming app for … Perhaps I have missed oersonality, but I don't think JH (or datibg show) has ever hook up apps iphone that he didn't date anyone else borderlinr dating man with borderline personality disorder 13 years. On the opposite, I felt that hutterite dating. Official daging with tour wifh, photos, lyrics, and message boards. South Side High School is the dlsorder public high school in the town of Rockville Centre, New York. South Mam serves grades 9 through 12 and boasts a variety of. Want to know which are perrsonality best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites dating man with borderline personality disorder a convenient way An in-depth pfrsonality into why online dating in south australia is so difficult polish dating website uk this day and age. RebelMouse is the daying CMS dating man with borderline personality disorder and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative. See badoo dating site login makes us dating man with borderline personality disorder fast, and why you should re-platform with us what does radiometric dating look at. With millions of members phoebe tonkin dating angus mclaren, Adult FriendFinder is the best dating site to find adult singles and swingers for discreet hookups and casual sex near you. For decades, dozens of forgotten Navy and merchant ships have been corroding in Suisun Bay, 30 miles northeast of San Francisco. These historic vessels-the Mothball. When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The case, dating to 1994, concluded in the special court in 2010, but the appeal was pending in the high court for seven years. Natarajan was charged with. XXXFreeGallery. net - huge database of hard picked porn videos in tube format. The most popular XXX videos from the most popular porn tubes. Watch daily updated porn. Adam4Adam is your free online gay dating site with chat and cam. Visit our website today and find your Adam. Nov 10, 2015nbsp;0183;32;AMESBURY, England - About 6,300 years ago, a tree here toppled over. For the ancients in this part of southern England, it created a prime real estate. It is the Jews alone for whom Jerusalem is at the core of their religious faith.